   [USEMAP:Haut-gauche.jpg]      [USEMAP:Haut-centre.jpg]
   [USEMAP:haut-droit-move2.jpg]
   [USEMAP:Haut-bas-pnmlf.jpg]

   Presentation
   Home
   Architecture
   Infrastructure
   Publications
   ISO standard
   Materials
   Models
   Downloads
   Applications
   Extensions
   Documentation
   News
   History
   Standard Support
   Feedback
   Bug report
   Contact
   2016-05-18
   LIP6 > Software > MoVe Sofware > PNML Framework > About

Welcome on PNML Framework's site

   PNML Framework is a free and open-source prototype implementation of
   ISO/IEC-15909, International Standard on Petri Nets. It is jointly
   developed and maintained by MoVe in LIP6 and LCR in LIPN.

   PNML Framework supports Part 2 of the Standard, which defines the Petri
   Net Markup Language, the XML-based exchange format for Petri nets. Part
   1 provides formal definitions of Petri nets, for which Part 2 defines
   the abstract syntax and exchange format (PNML).

   The primary purpose of PNML is to put into practice the
   interoperability among Petri nets tools. Thanks to this standardized
   transfer format, tools should be able to exchange Petri nets models,
   according to ISO/IEC 15909-2 specifications.

Features

   PNML Framework has been designed to back the ISO/IEC 15909-2 standard.
   It enables Petri nets tools developers to integrate PNML support in
   their tools. It provides an extensive and comprehensible Java API to:
     * create and save Petri net models in PNML;
     * load and fetch Petri net models from PNML.

   Using PNML Framework, you will stay compliant and up-to-date with the
   Standard. You will also favor interoperability with other tools that
   use PNML and this framework or their own implementation.

   PNML Framework is licensed under the term of the Eclipse Public License
   (EPL).

   Discover five reasons why you should use PNML Framework.

How does it work?

   PNML Framework is intended to be used as a Java library for your
   application. It provides two essential features, which will allow you
   to:
     * export your Petri net models, represented in your own tool format,
       into PNML;
     * import Petri net models from PNML into your format.

   To use these features, the only requirement is to provide your parsing
   tool for your proprietary representation format of Petri nets (which
   most of the time you already have). Once you meet this requirement, you
   just build your new application in a few steps and integrate it to your
   Petri net tool.

   The schema below shows the typical workflow you would implement to
   achieve PNML support in your tool, using PNML Framework. The
   developer's part (on the left-hand side) indicates that you would use
   the provided API to transform the Petri net models from your tool to
   PNML representation.
   From your Petri net representation to PNML

Where to go from here?

   Download PNML Framework.

   Browse the documentation.

   Have a look at some of the tools that use PNML Framework to support
   PNML.

Contributors

   Since its inception in 2009, PNML Framework has benefited from the
   contribution of the following people:
     * Lom M. Hillah and Fabrice Kordon - MoVe / LIP6
     * Laure Petrucci - LCR (Specifiation and Verification) / LIPN
     * Ekkart Kindler - Informatics and Mathematical Modeling / DTU
     * Jean-Baptiste Voron
     * Clément Démoulins
     * Guillaume Giffo
     * Rachid Alahyane

Related Publications

   You will find related publications here.

Funding

   This project has been partially supported by the ModelPlex European
   integrated project FP6-IP 034081.

Community

   CosyVery Mefosyloma
   Bas
