   #Red Planet Report » Feed Red Planet Report » Comments Feed

Red Planet Report

   What's new with Mars
   Skip to content
     * Home
     * Just the FAQs
     * What’s this all about?

   ← Older posts

Red Planet Report is on hiatus

   Posted on September 16, 2019 by rburnham

   While the Red Planet Report is on hiatus, these links will help readers
   stay abreast of developments in Mars exploration. (NB: Some links are
   updated daily, others at longer intervals.)

   • NASA Mars news
   • Jet Propulsion Laboratory news (all topics)
   • European Space Agency (all topics)
   • ExoMars/robotic exploration of Mars (ESA)

   • Icarus (scientific journal) Twitter feed (all topics)
   • ScienceDaily Mars news

   • Curiosity mission updates
   • Curiosity raw images (all cameras)
   • ChemCam instrument site

   • InSight lander
   • Mars 2020 rover

   • Mars Express (ESA)
   • MAVEN Twitter feed
   • Mars Odyssey (NASA)
   • THEMIS Image of the Day (ASU)
   • Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter status (JPL)
   • HiRISE Picture of the Day archive (UA)
   • CRISM Featured Images (JHU/APL)

   • MARCI weather report
   • Latest weather in Gale Crater (Curiosity rover)
   • Latest weather at Elysium Planitia (InSight lander)

   In addition, be sure to check out the links in the column at right.
   Posted in Reports | Comments Off

How much atmosphere has Mars lost?

   Posted on September 6, 2019 by rburnham

   mars_landscape_dry_wet_0 A key tracer used to estimate how much
   atmosphere Mars lost can change depending on the time of day and the
   surface temperature on the Red Planet, according to new observations by
   NASA-funded scientists. Previous measurements of this tracer – isotopes
   of oxygen – have disagreed significantly. An accurate measurement of
   this tracer is important to estimate how much atmosphere Mars once had
   before it was lost, which reveals whether Mars could have been
   habitable and what the conditions might have been like.

   Mars is a cold, inhospitable desert today, but features like dry
   riverbeds and minerals that only form with liquid water indicate that
   long ago it had a thick atmosphere that retained enough heat for liquid
   water – a necessary ingredient for life – to flow on the surface. It
   appears that Mars lost much of its atmosphere over billions of years,
   transforming its climate from one that might have supported life into
   the desiccated and frozen environment of today, according to results
   from NASA missions such as MAVEN and Curiosity and going back to the
   Viking missions of 1976.

   However, many mysteries about the Red Planet’s ancient atmosphere
   remain.

   “We know Mars had more atmosphere. We know it had flowing water. We do
   not have a good estimate for the conditions apart from that – how
   Earthlike was the Mars environment? For how long?” said Timothy
   Livengood of the University of Maryland, College Park and NASA’s
   Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. Livengood is lead
   author of a paper on this research published online in Icarus August 1.
   [More at links]
   Posted in Reports | Tagged atmosphere, Curiosity, Mars Atmosphere and
   Volatile EvolutioN, MAVEN, NASA | Comments Off

HiRISE: Layers in Danielson Crater

   Posted on September 6, 2019 by rburnham

   ESP_060331_1880 This image shows sedimentary rock and sand within
   Danielson Crater, an impact crater 67 kilometers in diameter, located
   in the southwest Arabia Terra region of Mars.

   The rock was formed millions or billions of years ago when loose
   sediments settled into the crater, one layer at a time, and were later
   cemented in place. Cyclical variations in the sediment properties made
   some layers more resistant to erosion than others. After eons, these
   tougher layers protrude outward like stair steps. Across these steps,
   the winds have scattered sand (typically appearing darker and less red,
   i.e. “bluer” in contrast-enhanced color), giving rise to the zebra
   stripe-like patterns visible here.

   This image completes a stereo pair over this location, which will allow
   measurement of the thicknesses of these sedimentary layers. The layer
   thicknesses and how they vary through time can provide some insight
   into the processes, possibly linked to ancient climate, that deposited
   the layers so long ago. [More at link]
   Posted in Reports | Tagged Arabia Terra, Danielson Crater, High
   Resolution Imaging Science Experiment, HiRISE, Mars Reconnaissance
   Orbiter, MRO, NASA, sedimentary deposits, stratigraphy, University of
   Arizona | Comments Off

THEMIS: Chryse Chaos

   Posted on September 6, 2019 by rburnham

   Chryse Chaos (THMEIS_IOTD_20190906) THEMIS Image of the Day, September
   6, 2019. This VIS image shows part of Chryse Chaos near the terminal
   end of the huge outflow channels draining from Valles Marineris into
   the Chyrse Basin.

   Chaos terrain is typified by regions of blocky, often steep sided,
   mesas interspersed with deep valleys. With time and erosion the valleys
   widen and the mesas become smaller. It has been proposed that a
   catastrophic outflow of subsurface water creates the chaos and provides
   the surface flow creating the channel.

   Chaos terrain is also found along the course of most of channels in
   this region and may occur where the channel flow fluid warms the
   subsurface ice creating additional release points for melted subsurface
   ice. The chaos terrain in this image still retain the classic steep
   sided large mesas.

   Explore more THEMIS Images of the Day by geological subject.
   Posted in Reports | Tagged Arizona State University, ASU, chaotic
   terrain, Chryse Chaos, groundwater, Mars Odyssey, NASA, THEMIS, THEMIS
   Image of the Day, Thermal Emission Imaging System | Comments Off

MARCI weather report, August 26-27, 2019

   Posted on September 5, 2019 by rburnham

   MARCI-August-27-2019 Weather patterns were fairly typical last week for
   this time of Mars year. In the north, local-scale dust storms were
   spotted along seasonal north polar cap edge. Diffuse water-ice clouds
   associated with the aphelion cloud-belt continued to be more dominant
   over the mid-to-low latitudes each afternoon. Both the Curiosity Rover
   in Gale Crater and the InSight lander on Elysium Planitia had
   storm-free afternoon skies all week.

   Mars is currently in conjunction, which means that the red planet is on
   the opposite side of the Sun from Earth. This makes it difficult to
   send and receive signals from Mars. Although MARCI data will still be
   taken during conjunction, it will not be transmitted back to Earth for
   several weeks. This is the last MARCI weather report until then, so
   stay tuned, and check back in late September for new reports. [More at
   link, including video]
   Posted in Reports | Tagged atmosphere, clouds, dust, dust storms, haze,
   Malin Space Science Systems, MARCI, Mars Color Imager, Mars
   Reconnaissance Orbiter, MRO, MSSS, NASA, storms, weather, wind |
   Comments Off

HiRISE: Frost highlights in springtime

   Posted on September 5, 2019 by rburnham

   ESP_059681_2410 This image of a crater rim strikingly shows what appear
   to be bright white flows coming from gullies in the crater wall.
   However, HiRISE has been watching these gullies for some time (going
   all the way back to our first observation in 2012) and the flow
   features have been there for years. The new aspect is the bright white
   coloration, which is frost.

   This is the earliest in the springtime that this area has been
   observed, and just like some winter mornings here on Earth, the
   conditions on Mars can be just right for frost to form. The interesting
   thing is that the frost appears on the gully deposits and not as much
   on the surrounding rock, indicating the physical properties of the
   gully deposits are different. [More at link]
   Posted in Reports | Tagged frost, gullies, High Resolution Imaging
   Science Experiment, HiRISE, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, MRO, NASA,
   University of Arizona | Comments Off

THEMIS: Chaos in Morava Valles

   Posted on September 5, 2019 by rburnham

   Morava Valles (THEMIS_IOTD_20190905) THEMIS Image of the Day, September
   5, 2019. Located in Margaritifer Terra, Morava Valles is one of several
   channels that empty northward towards Chryse Planitia.

   Chaos terrain is typified by regions of blocky, often steep sided,
   mesas interspersed with deep valleys. With time and erosion the valleys
   widen and the mesas become smaller. It has been proposed that a
   catastrophic outflow of subsurface water creates the chaos and provides
   the surface flow creating the channel.

   Morava Valles arises from a region of chaos. Chaos terrain is also
   found along the course of the channel and may occur when the channel
   flow fluid warms the subsurface ice creating additional release points
   for melted subsurface ice. This VIS image shows a region of chaos near
   the terminal end of Morava Valles.

   Explore more THEMIS Images of the Day by geological subject.
   Posted in Reports | Tagged Arizona State University, ASU, channels,
   chaotic terrain, Margaritifer Terra, Mars Odyssey, Morava Valles, NASA,
   THEMIS, THEMIS Image of the Day, Thermal Emission Imaging System |
   Comments Off

MARCI weather report, August 19-25, 2019

   Posted on September 4, 2019 by rburnham

   MARCI-August-19-2019 Afternoon weather conditions were again very
   seasonal this past week. Local dust storms were observed along the
   seasonal receding north polar cap edge and at southern low-to-mid
   latitudes. The developing aphelion cloud belt continued to be prominent
   at equatorial latitudes. Both the Curiosity Rover in Gale Crater and
   the InSight lander on Elysium Planitia had storm-free skies all week.
   [More at link, including video]
   Posted in Reports | Tagged aphelion cloud belt, Arsia Mons, Ascraeus
   Mons, atmosphere, clouds, Curiosity, dust, dust storms, Elysium
   Planitia, Gale Crater, haze, InSight, Malin Space Science Systems,
   MARCI, Mars Color Imager, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, MRO, MSSS, NASA,
   Olympus Mons, orographic clouds, Pavonis Mons, storms, weather, wind |
   Comments Off

HiRISE: Bedrock riddles of Nili Fossae

   Posted on September 4, 2019 by rburnham

   ESP_060064_2005 This image of the Nili Fossae region, to the west of
   the great Isidis basin, shows layered bedrock with many impact craters.

   Nili Fossae is one of the most mineralogically important sites on Mars.
   Remote observations by the infrared spectrometer onboard MRO (called
   CRISM) suggest the layers in the ancient craters contain clays,
   carbonates, and iron oxides, perhaps due to hydrothermal alteration of
   the crust. However, the impact craters have been degraded by many
   millions of years of erosion so the original sedimentary, impact
   ejecta, or lava flows are hard to distinguish.

   The bright linear features are sand dunes, also known as “transverse
   aeolian dunes,” because the wind direction is at ninety degrees to
   their elongated orientation. This shows that the erosion of Nili Fossae
   continues to the present day with sand-sized particles broken off from
   the local rocks mobilized within the dunes. [More at link]
   Posted in Reports | Tagged bedrock, carbonate minerals, clay minerals,
   dunes, High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment, HiRISE, iron oxides,
   Isidis Basin, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, MRO, NASA, Nili Fossae, sand
   dunes, TARs, transverse dunes, transverse eolian ridges, University of
   Arizona | Comments Off

THEMIS: Patterns on patterns in Olympia Undae

   Posted on September 4, 2019 by rburnham

   Patterns on patterns in Olympia Undae (THEMIS_IOTD_20190904) THEMIS
   Image of the Day, September 4, 2019. Today’s VIS image shows part of
   Olympia Undae, the largest of several dune fields that encircle the
   north polar cap. (It is also known as the north polar sand sea.) This
   image was collected in the spring season.

   Explore more THEMIS Images of the Day by geological subject.
   Posted in Reports | Tagged Arizona State University, ASU, Mars Odyssey,
   NASA, north polar sand sea, Olympia Undae, sand dunes, THEMIS, THEMIS
   Image of the Day, Thermal Emission Imaging System | Comments Off
   ← Older posts
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Recent Posts
          + Red Planet Report is on hiatus
          + How much atmosphere has Mars lost?
          + HiRISE: Layers in Danielson Crater
          + THEMIS: Chryse Chaos
          + MARCI weather report, August 26-27, 2019
     * Tags
       Aeolis Mons Arizona State University ASU atmosphere Beautiful Mars
       Cape Tribulation clouds craters Curiosity dunes dust Endeavour
       Crater ESA European Space Agency Gale Crater High Resolution
       Imaging Science Experiment HiRISE Malin Space Science Systems
       Marathon Valley MARCI Mars Color Imager Mars Exploration Rover Mars
       Odyssey Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Mars Science Laboratory mass
       wasting MER Mount Sharp MRO MSL MSSS Murray Formation NASA
       Opportunity sand dunes Stimson Formation storms THEMIS THEMIS Image
       of the Day Thermal Emission Imaging System University of Arizona
       Vera Rubin Ridge volcanics weather wind
     * Archives [Select Month_________]
     * Links
    general
          + All Mars missions list
          + Be A Martian
          + Mars Fact Sheet
          + NASA Mars Exploration Program
    mission instruments
          + CRISM: Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer for Mars
          + CTX: Context Camera
          + HiRISE: High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment
          + MARSIS: Mars Advanced Radar for Subsurface and Ionosphere
            Sounding
          + SHARAD: Shallow Radar
          + THEMIS: Thermal Emission Imaging System
    missions
          + All Mars missions list
          + ExoMars
          + InSight
          + Mars 2020 Rover
          + Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission (MAVEN)
          + Mars Exploration Rovers (MER)
          + Mars Express (MEX)
          + Mars Odyssey
          + Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) / Mangalyaan
          + Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO)
          + Mars Science Laboratory (MSL)
    news
          + Astronomy
          + New Scientist (Space)
          + Planetary Society blogs
          + Sky and Telescope
          + Space.Com

     *
          + RSS |
          + Contact Us |
          + Privacy/Terms of Use |
          + Login

   Red Planet Report
