   #Cloudvertise » Feed Cloudvertise » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   ____________________
   Hit enter to search or ESC to close

   Cloudvertise

     * Home
     * Latest News
     * Testimonials
     * Get Started

   Cloudvertise
     * Home
     * Latest News
     * Testimonials
     * Get Started
     * ____________________

Floating Logo Clouds

The new way to expose your business to the masses.

     * Cloudvertising
     * About Us
     * Set Up & Go
     * Engaging
     * Gallery
     * Eco-Friendly

CloudvertiseⓇ

   • Fresh, exciting new mass advertising medium
   • Awesome aerial exposure for your business
   • Attention grabbing floating ads
   • 3D clouds in the shape of your company logo
   • A totally unique advertising outlet

   3-D Skyvertising — 0:26 minutes

BubloonⓇ

   • Clouds are helium gas filled foam clouds
   • 3D Cloud Logos made in the shape of your company logo
   • Clouds float in the sky for up to five miles
   • Man made and eco friendly

   Jeep Cloudvertise — 1:35 minutes

Mass Marketing

   • Works for both indoor and outdoor events
   • Perfect for football games, concerts, festivals, fairs, beach events,
   grand openings, conventions, etc!
   • Floating Billboards that attract attention

   Atlanta Falcons — 0:25 minutes

Imagine for a moment, a thousand eyes looking skyward, seemingly enamored by
something – not breaking eye contact at any cost. What could it be… a bird? a
plane? Well no actually, it’s Bubloons! These incredible floating bubbles
look eerily similar to small clouds, and are created on the ground with a
perfectly balanced mixture of helium and bubble. The result? an
attention-grabbing “cloud” that rises above spectators, with your business
brand on display for all to see. How cool is that?!?

Introducing Cloudvertise Man-Made Logo Clouds…

   Cloudvertise man made flying foam logo clouds utilize an eco-friendly
   soap and helium method to create aerial messages and images. The
   product offers a dynamic way to market and brand a company’s name,
   logo, slogans and an assortment of branded shapes. Promotional messages
   and graphics from the Flying Foam machine are produced in 30 second
   intervals.

   As an unmatched technological innovation, Cloudvertise floating logo
   clouds generate a theatrical experience in the sky. Unlike banner ads
   or signage that uses a ton of paper, ink, wood and metal components,
   marketers can gain instant attention with a product that is safe for
   the environment.

What Is Cloudvertising?

   Cloudvertising provides an eco-friendly soap and helium method to
   create aerial messages and images. The product offers a dynamic way to
   display a company’s name, logo, slogans and an assortment of branded
   shapes. Promotional messages and graphics from the Flying Foam machine
   are produced in 30 second intervals.

   As an unmatched technological innovation, Cloudvertise generates a
   theatrical experience in the sky. Unlike banner ads or signage that
   uses a ton of paper, ink, wood and metal components, marketers can gain
   instant attention with a product that is safe for the environment.

What Are BubloonⓇ Clouds?

   Bubloon™ cloudvertising creates helium gas filled foam clouds in the
   shape of your company logo in 3D. This atmospheric special effect
   produces man made clouds that can be custom shaped to your logo or
   theme.

Quick and Easy To Set Up Today…

   The custom cloud making machine is fairly easy to set up and requires
   minimal space to operate.

   Whereas, an aerial blimp is very expensive, and in most applications,
   it maintains a fixed position. Floating messages provide eye-catching
   moments that are priceless when combined with creative marketing
   strategies.

   Aerial marketing enables consumers to view customized shapes, words and
   images within a fun atmosphere. Many forms of advertising dollars are
   wasted in a manner that screams for viewer attention, while foam-based
   types of marketing collateral are nearly impossible to miss.

   In many professional sports, marketers will display advertisements on
   fences, walls, race cars and branded apparel -- via top-level athletes
   to increase their brand awareness and visibility. These are costly
   methods, where advertisers often hope to capture around a two percent
   connectivity rate with consumers.

   Attendees who are seated at the Super Bowl cannot miss the halftime
   show. However, for a fraction of the costs, sports teams and
   corporations can take the center stage with the Cloudvertise Floating
   Foam concept.

Mass Marketing Advertising

   Mass Market and advertise your Business today with Cloudvertising 3D
   Logo Clouds. Call one of our Cloudvertise® 3D Logo Cloud Special
   Effects Experts about how we can help your business grow by using the
   hottest and coolest mass marketing tool special cloud effects right
   away. We have many regional and national events that are potential
   events where you can showcase your business.

   We are your advertising special effects partners, bringing you the
   latest in eye catching and attention grabbing special effects 3D Cloud
   Logos that entertains as well as exposes your Business to the masses.
   Our Cloud Logo Special Effect Machine is perfect to bring to Rodeo
   Events, NASCAR Events, Beach Events, Music Festivals, Parades and to
   many other places both indoor and outdoor. Request that your Business
   be exposed with our flying cloud logo moving Billboards advertising
   program.

Make The Most Of Your Advertising…

   This genius of skyvertising is that it empowers marketers to retain the
   attention of thousands of patrons for up to an hour.

   Few marketing vehicles are able to deliver the return on investment
   that the Flying Foam machine generates.

   The eco friendly foam-based images will float for miles and hover in
   the sky for up to an hour. Generally, this time frame offers an
   essential amount of time to display advertisements and logos for the
   ultimate engagement with viewers at venues such as:
   • Sports arenas

   • Corporation functions

   • Restaurants

   • Charitable events

   • Festivals

   • Concerts

   • Schools

   • Community-based activities

   • Growing in popularity, Cloudvertise have been used by the NFL, NCAA,
   NHL, NHRA, NASCAR, Turner Broadcasting, Chick-fil-A and the Outback
   Bowl.
   Cloudvertise-At-Events
   Cloudvertise_QT_WM
   Cloudvertise_ESPN_WM
   Cloudvertise-Bubloon-Atlanta-Special-FX-Bubble-Clouds-5-768x432
   Cloudvertise_CFA_WM-768x512
   Cloudvertise-Harley-Davidson-Floating-Clouds-1-768x432
   Aerial-Cloud-Cloudvertise-Imagine-Music-Festival-768x576
   Skyvertise-Aflac-cloudvertise-atlanta-special-fx
   Duke-University-Cloudvertise-Floating-Cloud-768x432
   skyvertise-mcdonalds-cloudvertise

Sometimes looking upward toward the sky is all it takes to see something
groundbreaking. Enjoy our Cloudvertise video collection below, and let us
know what inspiration arises for you and your company.

     * Floating Soap Bubble Clouds - CLOUDVERTISE®
    Floating Soap Bubble Clouds - CLOUDVERTISE®
     * Flying Chick Fil A Bubloon Logos At Mercedes Benz Stadium
       -CLOUDVERTISE
    Flying Chick Fil A Bubloon Logos At Mercedes Benz Stadium
       -CLOUDVERTISE
     * Flying ESPN Logo Clouds - CLOUDVERTISE
    Flying ESPN Logo Clouds - CLOUDVERTISE
     * Flying Logos Alabama A Football - CLOUDVERTISE®
    Flying Logos Alabama A Football - CLOUDVERTISE®
     * JEEP CLOUDVERTISE® Amazing Viral Cloud Advertising Flying Foam
       Bubloon® Bubble Clouds
    JEEP CLOUDVERTISE® Amazing Viral Cloud Advertising Flying Foam
       Bubloon® Bubble Clouds
     * Flying Logos Tennessee Power T - COOL MARKETING IDEAS-
       CLOUDVERTISE®
    Flying Logos Tennessee Power T - COOL MARKETING IDEAS- CLOUDVERTISE®
     * CLOUDVERTISE® Bubloons™ Your Floating Logo Helium Filled Soap
       Bubbles
    CLOUDVERTISE® Bubloons™ Your Floating Logo Helium Filled Soap Bubbles
     * Miami Dolphins Shock Fans with New Technology Cloudvertise.com
    Miami Dolphins Shock Fans with New Technology Cloudvertise.com
     * Cloudvertise® Auburn University Pre Game Tradition - Flying Cloud
       Logos Special Effects
    Cloudvertise® Auburn University Pre Game Tradition - Flying Cloud
       Logos Special Effects
     * RAM TRUCK CLOUDVERTISE® Helium Soap Bubloon® Viral Marketing Idea
    RAM TRUCK CLOUDVERTISE® Helium Soap Bubloon® Viral Marketing Idea
     * Custom Flying Cloud Logo Aerial Marketing - Cloudvertise® | Auburn
       Football
    Custom Flying Cloud Logo Aerial Marketing - Cloudvertise® | Auburn
       Football
     * Cloudvertise® Outback Bowl Entertainment Floating Logos
    Cloudvertise® Outback Bowl Entertainment Floating Logos
     * Flying Bubloon™ Logos Florida State Football - CLOUDVERTISE®
    Flying Bubloon™ Logos Florida State Football - CLOUDVERTISE®
     * Cloudvertise® Zaxby's Logo Heart Of Dallas Cotton Bowl
    Cloudvertise® Zaxby's Logo Heart Of Dallas Cotton Bowl
     * Flying Bubloon™ Logos NFL Falcons - CLOUDVERTISE® Bubloons
    Flying Bubloon™ Logos NFL Falcons - CLOUDVERTISE® Bubloons
     * Soap Bubbles Filled With Helium - CLOUDVERTISE® Bubloon™
    Soap Bubbles Filled With Helium - CLOUDVERTISE® Bubloon™
     * Cloudvertise® Bubloon™ Outback Bowl LSU vs Iowa 3D Foam Printer In
       Action
    Cloudvertise® Bubloon™ Outback Bowl LSU vs Iowa 3D Foam Printer In
       Action
     * Amazing Flying Georgia Tech Logo Clouds - CLOUDVERTISE
    Amazing Flying Georgia Tech Logo Clouds - CLOUDVERTISE
     * Cloudvertise 3D Printed Flying Logos Outback Bowl Auburn vs
       Wisconsin
    Cloudvertise 3D Printed Flying Logos Outback Bowl Auburn vs Wisconsin
     * Innovative Aerial Marketing Ideas Cloudvertise® Branding
    Innovative Aerial Marketing Ideas Cloudvertise® Branding
     * Cloudvertise® Festival Ideas Bubloons™ Soap Bubble Helium Clouds
       For Festivals
    Cloudvertise® Festival Ideas Bubloons™ Soap Bubble Helium Clouds For
       Festivals
     * Slow-motion flying logos -CLOUDVERTISE® Bubloons
    Slow-motion flying logos -CLOUDVERTISE® Bubloons
     * Cloudvertise® Is The Future Of AERIAL Promotional Mass Marketing
    Cloudvertise® Is The Future Of AERIAL Promotional Mass Marketing
     * Foam Printer Cloudvertising C Beyond Cloud Computing Celebration -
       Atlanta Special FX
    Foam Printer Cloudvertising C Beyond Cloud Computing Celebration -
       Atlanta Special FX
     * Cloudvertise® at 2011 Chick Fil Bowl - Floating 3D Logo Bubbles
       Auburn vs Virginia
    Cloudvertise® at 2011 Chick Fil Bowl - Floating 3D Logo Bubbles Auburn
       vs Virginia
     * Flying Rolex Logos At Trumps Cloudvertise® Advertising Ideas
       Marketing Skyvertising
    Flying Rolex Logos At Trumps Cloudvertise® Advertising Ideas Marketing
       Skyvertising
     * Cloudvertise® Georgia Tech Football Floating logo clouds
    Cloudvertise® Georgia Tech Football Floating logo clouds
     * Flying Bubble Cloud Logos Shaped Like Airplane Bubloons -
       Cloudvertise® Flying 3D Logo Advertising
    Flying Bubble Cloud Logos Shaped Like Airplane Bubloons -
       Cloudvertise® Flying 3D Logo Advertising
     * Cloudvertise® 3-D Foam Flying Cloud Machine used for Alabama SEC
       ESPN College Football Game
    Cloudvertise® 3-D Foam Flying Cloud Machine used for Alabama SEC ESPN
       College Football Game
     * CloudVertise - Cloudvertising TM
    CloudVertise - Cloudvertising TM
     * Richmond International Raceway Nascar #Cloudvertise Toyota 3D
       Bubble Clouds
    Richmond International Raceway Nascar #Cloudvertise Toyota 3D Bubble
       Clouds
     * Cloudvertise® 3D Logo Clouds Georgia Tech vs Georgia Game by
       Atlanta Special FX
    Cloudvertise® 3D Logo Clouds Georgia Tech vs Georgia Game by Atlanta
       Special FX
     * Cloudvertise® 3D Floating Cloud FX Logos Jeep Ram Trucks
    Cloudvertise® 3D Floating Cloud FX Logos Jeep Ram Trucks
     * Cloudvertise® 3D Floating Bubbles - Tebo Dentistry For Kids Grand
       Opening
    Cloudvertise® 3D Floating Bubbles - Tebo Dentistry For Kids Grand
       Opening
     * Cloudvertise® - 3D Foam Cloud Advertising - Eco Friendly Aerial
       Entertainment
    Cloudvertise® - 3D Foam Cloud Advertising - Eco Friendly Aerial
       Entertainment
     * Record Setting Confetti George Strait Final Song #CowboyRidesAway
       (Awesome Ending) Cloudvertise®
    Record Setting Confetti George Strait Final Song #CowboyRidesAway
       (Awesome Ending) Cloudvertise®

   Load more

100% Green Technology…

   Made with green technology, the helium-based product and the images are
   formed with foam that naturally dissipates into the air. This promotes
   an environmentally-responsible marketing initiative.

   The possibilities for on-site advertising messages with the Foam
   Machine are endless. While many national brands are enjoying the
   benefits of Cloudvertising, local firms can generate a lot of buzz with
   a unique promotional method.

   Viral marketing concepts that integrate corporate logos, cartoon
   images, slogans, trademarks and other branded items are impactful
   toward enhancing a company’s identity. In exchange for promotions that
   are highly visible to consumers, small, medium and large enterprises
   can obtain affordable advertising that also entertains the audience.

   For more information about aerial advertising with the Flying Foam
   machine, marketers are encouraged to request a consultation with a
   Cloudvertise specialist.

Doing Your Part

Marketing with no carbon footprint!

   Cloudvertising can be used both indoors and outdoors, and it leaves no
   carbon footprint. It is a totally safe alternative to sky advertising
   using airplanes and inflatables, and the only impression Cloudvertising
   leaves behind is in the minds of your target audience. Get more
   effective advertising results and know you are also doing your part to
   reduce emissions.

Go Viral. Go Bubloon!

Captivating Eco-Friendly Advertising.

   Cloudvertise® offers an affordable, eco friendly alternative for aerial
   entertainment and advertising. This atmospheric special effect produces
   man made clouds that can be custom shaped to your logo or theme, and
   they leave behind no negative impact on the environment. They will
   remember your brand when they see it as a cool and exciting cloud.

Rise Above The Rest With Cloudvertise.

   The hottest marketing tool of the decade.
   Contact Us Now

CloudvertiseⓇ Floating Logo Clouds

   If you are looking for a new way to advertise, then take a look at
   Cloudvertise®. Entertaining and attention grabbing floating clouds that
   engage your market by putting their eyes on your logo. All images and
   video belong to Cloudvertise and are prohibited for reproduction or use
   unless authorized by management.

   Call (888) 664-0097
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   © 2019 Cloudvertise.
     * Home
     * Latest News
     * Testimonials
     * Get Started

   web analytics
