   #next ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku » Feed ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku » Comments Feed

ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku

Reflections and Ruminations of a Technologist, Thinker, and Leader

   (BUTTON) Menu Skip to content
     * Home
     * About me
     * Poll Archive
     * Resources
          + Blogs that I follow
          + Documents
     * The Daily Caffeine

Should you migrate your datacenters to the Cloud? It depends…

   Leave a reply

   Picture1


   One of the big items in technology news this month was the Netflix
   announcement that it would be powering down the last of its
   datacenters, bringing to conclusion a multi-year Cloud migration
   initiative. Adrian Cockroft, the head of the infrastructure team at
   Netflix who managed this migration, predicted that more enterprises
   would adopt a Cloud-only initiative. There are many experts that claim
   that the corporate datacenter is dead, but is that the reality?

   At the same time, SalesForce has been busy establishing new datacenters
   all over the world. This is also true for other players such as
   Microsoft and Google. The stated advantages of the Cloud are lower
   costs, simpler setup and operation, and easier management; establishing
   datacenters does not seem to make any sense. Is the Netflix model
   universally applicable to all companies, or is there more here than
   meets the eye? Let us first take a brief look at what worked well for
   Netflix.
    1. Business Model: Netflix offers movies and TV shows on demand to
       subscribers, which is downloaded for viewing on PCs, televisions,
       and other mobile devices. Subscribers are likely to be indifferent
       to the source of their content since their actual interface and
       experience will not change. Not many companies have such a limited
       range of operations and applications.
    2. Impact of network costs: This factor is highly favorable to Netflix
       as the content moves closer to the consumer. It reduces both
       operating costs and download latencies. Most large companies have
       legacy applications, and will find that their network costs would
       drastically increase with some applications residing in the Cloud.
       They could also see increased latency with legacy apps being run in
       the cloud.
    3. IP considerations: Intellectual Property (IP) considerations are
       paramount when companies consider moving their crown jewels to the
       Cloud. However, the content in this case does not belong to
       Netflix. The software application could be considered their IP;
       however even this could be treated as replicable. The major IP for
       Netflix arises from their people and processes, such as their
       rating and recommendation systems. This information still stays
       in-house, so there is no risk from Cloud migration. However,
       companies such as Intel would prefer to keep their cutting-edge
       chip designs in-house.
    4. Externally generated data vs. internal: Most of the data generated
       at Netflix arises due to subscriber interaction with the
       application. It is externally generated, in contrast to the
       internal data generation of manufacturing organizations (such as
       GE) or research focused organizations (such as the Pharma
       industry).
    5. Regulatory and Compliance limitations: There are no regulatory or
       compliance limitations upon Netflix’s business model. Their
       liability arises from the privacy of their subscriber information
       and is the same in the Cloud, as it is in-house. Companies subject
       to regulations such as HIPAA or ITAR are restricted to compliant
       providers. They will find that choices are limited and would be
       quite expensive.

   In addition, the Cloud provides Netflix with increased scalability and
   elasticity. Since they receive monthly subscription revenue, converting
   their capital expenses into operational expenses provides them with
   better financial visibility.  This was likely a significant factor in
   Netflix decision.

   Before we rush out to compare and shortlist Cloud providers, it is
   prudent to evaluate our own organization and operations. A simple
   method is to answer the questions below with a Yes or No
    1. Are your workloads relatively consistent (irrespective of season,
       product/market cycle, etc)?
    2. Do your workloads generate a high volume of data?
    3. Is most of your data internally generated?
    4. Do your workloads need to interact with legacy data or legacy
       applications?
    5. Are there IP protection considerations that prevent migration of
       sensitive data?
    6. Is your company or industry subject to regulatory or compliance
       limitations?
    7. Would your network costs increase significantly with migration to
       the Cloud?

   If you answered “No” to all these questions, many congratulations. You
   are ready to move your applications to the Cloud, generate a shortlist
   vendors and get quotes to identify your ROI.

   In case you answered “No” to most questions, there may be certain
   workloads that could move to the Cloud while others need to remain in
   your datacenter.

   If you answered “Yes” to most or all questions, it is time to reinvest
   in your datacenters for some more time.

   A note about size of the company and scale of application workloads:
   while these need not always be correlated, smaller companies have
   smaller–sized workloads, which grow with the company. The economics
   highly favor the Cloud for smaller companies. However, this advantage
   diminishes with growth of the workload, as operational expenses scale
   up rapidly.

   It makes sense for very large workloads to be retained in-house; all
   the large players including Google, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon are
   focused on building, maintaining, and expanding their datacenter
   footprint. This means that at some time during the growth phase of a
   company, Cloud-based workloads might need to be migrated to in-house
   datacenters for purely economic reasons. Strategic reasons might
   further speed up this process. For most companies, a hybrid operation
   would make the most sense; migrate some applications to the Cloud for
   cost and flexibility reasons, while retaining others in-house for other
   reasons.

   Still confused? The reasons to migrate to the Cloud and the reasons to
   keep workloads in-house will continue to evolve, making this a
   difficult and subjective decision for many companies. There are also
   many barriers that inhibit companies from quick adoption of Cloud
   computing. I dealt with this issue in detail last year; while there
   have been some improvements, most of the issues continued to be valid
   and unaddressed by the major providers. Please let me know your
   thoughts on how you see this evolution progressing and what the
   industry needs to do to speed it up.

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Uncategorized on August 27, 2015 by
   raviprasadv@lycos.com.

Attend the Silicon Valley VMUG UserCon on April 14, 2015

   Leave a reply


   It is almost time for our annual signature event at the Silicon Valley
   VMUG. There has been much soul-searching about putting together a
   useful and meaningful agenda for our attendees, hectic planning
   sessions with VMUG HQ, the anticipation and angst regarding
   participation from members and partners alike, and the last-minute
   preparations tying up any loose ends. It is now time for the event to
   unfold, to experience and learn from it for the following years.

   Participation in UserCons is a key membership benefit to all VMUG
   members at no cost. UserCons offer attendees with a wide range of
   choices from VMware and partner educational sessions, an Exhibit Hall
   with exhibits from 50+ partners, and morning and afternoon keynote
   sessions delivered by reputed speakers in the industry. What is more,
   VMUG has you covered with breakfast, lunch, and coffee – you can spend
   the entire day attending sessions, previewing the Solutions Center, and
   networking with fellow attendees.

   Based on member feedback, we have updated the agenda with a number of
   new and updated sessions. We have big names for keynotes – Kit Colbert
   and John Troyer, but we also have great breakout sessions from VMware
   and partners with compelling educational content. New this year is a
   Demo Zone, where selected partners offer short demos. This provides a
   quick and compelling technical overview, which gets the conversation
   started. We have Nick Marshall and Josh Atwell, authors of “Mastering
   VMware vSphere 6” doing a book signing during lunch. While you can
   engage in discussion with the authors, and get your copy signed by
   them, we are also offering 30 copies of this book to our members – will
   you be a lucky winner?

   Agenda highlights are below – please follow the registration link to
   view the entire agenda.  SVVMUG UserCon

   Click here to Register

   Some key facts from previous UserCon attendees (info collected from
   attendee surveys)
     * 99% of attendee survey respondents plan to return
     * 98% would recommend events to a colleague
     * 85% of attendees are decision makers / influencers within their
       organizations

   Attendees also mentioned these as their primary reasons for attending
    1. Build Relationships with VMUG Members
    2. Learn about the latest solutions to their VMware installations
    3. Share their Knowledge

   There are also loads of other prizes on offer, including VMUG Advantage
   subscriptions, gift cards, and Two Home Labs (who wouldn’t like to win
   these?). The VMware vCloud Air team will be sponsoring a VMUG member
   reception after the event. If you are still on the fence after reading
   all of this, kindly view the video below to hear first-hand from
   attendees and partners about their experiences.

   Silicon Valley VMUG UserCon

   If you live in the San Francisco Bay Area, I hope to see you there.
   Follow the tweets at #svvmug and #MyVMUG

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Uncategorized on April 13, 2015 by
   raviprasadv@lycos.com.

The Paradox of Cloud Computing Adoption – Part III

   Leave a reply


   Previously, I had dealt with some of the complexities of computing as
   it exists within enterprises today, as well as intrinsic aspects of
   these workloads. These are important factors that have a great
   influence upon the decision to migrate them to the Cloud. Earlier posts
   can be viewed here and here. In addition, there are a number of factors
   that inhibit rapid Cloud adoption by customers. Some of these are


   1.  Standards, Standardization, and Interoperability between Cloud
   providers

   Today, we have multiple providers selling *aaS services within their
   public Clouds, and with products for Private Clouds. Each vendor is
   attempting to stake out new ground with regard to features and
   capabilities. There are some basic similarities between these clouds in
   terms of support for features, but they do not interoperate with each
   other. Migrating a workload from one Cloud to another is a lengthy and
   manual process, with multiple steps involved, making it only useful as
   a one-time migration activity. This process does not permit automation,
   and significantly increases costs and risks for organizations.

   2.  Vendor lock-in

   While there are multiple providers offering similar services, each of
   these vendors is interested in acquiring new customers, and then
   locking them within their Cloud forever. Amazon makes it easy and
   inexpensive to migrate in-house workloads to their Cloud, but makes it
   very difficult and expensive for customers to leave. Other vendors
   utilize similar strategies through a combination of product features
   and pricing. Customers have experienced the impact of vendor lock-in on
   many occasions, with several products and vendors; hence they are wary
   of this vendor strategy.

   3.  The rip-and-replace issue

   A large organization has many applications that generate data,
   communicate, and interoperate with each other via automated workflows.
   En-masse replacement of all applications is not feasible, and needs to
   be accomplished one application at a time. Each application migrated to
   the Cloud needs to be reconfigured to communicate with the desired
   in-house applications. There is significant expense and risk involved
   with nearly zero or very low ROI until the entire migration is
   complete. Even at that point, the potential ROI is unclear.

   4.  The scale-up paradox that accompanies growth

   We dealt above with the Cloud adoption curve – as a new startup grows,
   its variable costs increase. The complexity of its applications and the
   number of providers also increase. At some point, it becomes feasible
   and necessary to consider investing capital to reduce the variable
   costs, for at least the most expensive of its providers. This would be
   contrary to the direction of the industry. In addition, the ROI is
   quite clear for organizations with large, low-scope applications, and
   for small startups. When such a startup grows to become a mid-sized
   company, both scale and scope increase, with the recommendations being
   unclear over a wide range in the middle. Also, is there a strategic
   reason to bring it in-house sooner?

   5.  Buy vs. rent

   The main selling point for a public Cloud service is that large capital
   costs are instead converted to manageable operational costs. This is
   attractive and meaningful for small companies, where it is easy to
   acquire a service without a need to acquire a new skillset in-house.
   However, Cloud services are rented by the hour, and by the capacity
   tier. Given a choice, would you buy a car, or rent it on a daily basis
   when the plan is to use it every day over the next 5 years? What if you
   needed it only for the next week? The recommendations for these cases
   appear obvious; what about moderate usage?

   Cloud services represent capital costs for the provider, who must
   recover them by renting this capacity at higher prices to customers.
   With a relatively stable workload, it might be feasible for
   organizations to establish in-house systems, using the public Cloud for
   overflow capacity in a Hybrid model.

   6.  Risks of working with startups that could vanish

   There are a number of startups that offer Cloud-based services that
   have the potential to replace in-house legacy applications. Examples
   include ERP, Databases, (list some more). It is quite likely that they
   do not offer all the features, or the sophistication of legacy
   software. Enterprises might consider migrating such applications with
   the understanding that more features could be added down the road.
   However, there is an inherent risk of the provider going out of
   business, which can be very sudden, causing serious impact to its
   operations. This is one of the reasons that established companies adopt
   a cautious approach to migrating critical applications.

   7.  Performance and network latency considerations

   Cloud based providers operate multiple datacenters, which can be local
   (low-latency) to the enterprise, distributed, for a multi-location
   organization, or remote to aid Disaster Recovery. Each of these has
   advantages and disadvantages, and is based on the end customer
   requirement. Since a single provider is unlikely to be able to fulfill
   the needs of many mid-size and large organizations, it will be
   necessary to utilize multiple providers in a Cloud-based operational
   scenario. A multi-provider scenario would also be recommended to avoid
   down time resulting from a Cloud provider failure.

   Now, there are provider to provider latencies to consider as well; if
   each provider were to use different telecom providers, then the
   landscape gets pretty complicated to implement and manage. Given the
   difficulty enforcing SLAs and OLAs with any single provider, a failure
   of communication between providers is likely to lead to finger pointing
   between them; in the meantime, the organization and its customers are
   faced with sub-par performance.

   8.  Long-term normalization of Cloud Costs

   Companies such as Amazon, Google, Microsoft, and many others have been
   racing to establish datacenters and tout these capabilities to attract
   new customers. They have been continually lowering their internal costs
   as well, attempting to match each other’s price reductions.  This is a
   strategic move by large companies generating significant profits from
   their dominant primary business to squeeze out new entrants within this
   space (Rackspace?), and also to establish their design as the
   prevailing standard. While costs for customers are low today, it is
   primarily due to this factor. We do not think that either of the large
   providers are realizing commensurate profits based upon their
   investments towards these infrastructure developments.

   Also, many of these infrastructure projects have been generously
   subsidized by governments, and take advantage of low costs for land,
   electricity, and manpower in the locations of these datacenters. These
   incentives will run out and other costs will rise over time. In
   addition, these providers could come under pressure (either due to a
   focus upon generating ROI for their Cloud investments, or due to
   reduced profits within their primary business), and will need to pass
   on some of the costs to customers. Such price increases could create
   significant uncertainty about the expected ROI for companies that are
   planning to migrate to the Cloud.

   9.  Outdated Business Models

   The world of economy and business has evolved drastically over the past
   decades. Some examples of this include globalization, use of the
   Internet, functional (instead of hierarchical) organizations within a
   flatter structure, greater integration with partners, leverage from
   social media, and much more. However, the IT systems reflect the
   vestiges of older business models, and constrain the business processes
   from change. While Cloud-based services reflect today’s business
   models, they represent drastic change for many organizations.
   Established organization within the manufacturing, financial, or
   government sectors are highly prone to this issue, while it is of much
   lesser consequence for newer companies in other sectors.

   In this context, updating business models is imperative in order to
   effectively leverage cloud services. It is to be noted here that
   piecemeal adoption will provide lesser benefits until the business
   models are updated. This is a significant opportunity for established
   organizations and companies that successfully transform could represent
   a serious threat to the holdouts. In any case, newer and agile
   companies within this space will reap the initial benefits from Cloud
   services merely from the absence of legacy systems.


   Conclusions

   Cloud Computing consists of a relatively simple set of tools and
   technologies, and are expected to make rapid progress towards the
   Plateau of Productivity within Gartner’s Hype Cycle shown below.


   HC_ET_2014

Hype Cycle for Emerging Technologies, 2014 (Gartner, August 2014)

   However, both the timing and ultimate scope of Cloud Computing are
   subject to a number of factors. A failure to achieve these could extend
   these time frames and/or reduce the viability and adoption of Cloud
   Computing. These factors include
     *  Modularity

   Vendors need to offer modular services that permit customers to select
   features that they need, without having to pay for those that they do
   not. In addition, these should work with legacy protocols that
   customers already use for in-house systems. This will permit
   incremental replacement of legacy in-house modules with Cloud-based
   replacements and will not need extensive customization or integration.
   Once customers are comfortable with the concept and ease of module
   replacement, this process would accelerate.
     *  Interoperability

   Any effort to address the disjointed landscape of Cloud-based services
   will increase the comfort level of customers. At present, customers
   hesitate to even consider deploying systems that utilize multiple Cloud
   vendors’ services, solely due to the hurdles involved with integration,
   as well as the time and effort involved. The technology workforce and
   consulting companies have expertise with multiple vendor services
   today; yet they lack the skills to effectively integrate these services
   seamlessly. This is a significant barrier to companies that wish to
   better utilize compelling services from competitors within their
   application environments. Companies may also wish to arbitrage their
   costs of Cloud-based services by utilizing multiple vendors, with
   changes being static or dynamic. Providers offer dynamic pricing based
   upon their current resource utilization, and it would make sense for
   customers to leverage this.
     * Reduction of Cloud and Network Costs

   While the cost of Cloud services are on the decline today, much of this
   is due to the large vendors staking out positions to establish
   themselves as the market leader, and to deter new entrants into this
   space by temporarily reducing market profitability. Long term costs of
   these services should therefore rise to match economic costs; some of
   this would be offset by progressive reduction in technology costs.
   Unless customers see a permanent reduction in costs, with a falling
   trend steeper than that of their current technology costs, it would be
   difficult to get medium to large-sized customers to adopt for mainly
   cost-based reasons.

   Network costs are an important part of this mix as outlined above; in
   case network charges drop steeply due to technology improvements, or
   from an increase in competition within this space, customers that move
   large amounts of information would have a greater appetite to adopt
   Cloud-based services. This is likely to be attractive to them, since
   they are cost-neutral at worst, and provide additional benefits.


   Recommendations

   Customer-centric Cloud offerings

   Today, we have vendors that offer services that represent hardware
   systems, technology platforms, databases, or other services, all of
   which represent technology services. On the other hand, customers
   utilize and need financial, logistic, manufacturing, engineering, and
   other similar services, which can be categorized as operational
   services. It is almost as if customers and vendors exist in their own
   universe. This is probably one of the most critical factors that
   currently restrains adoption. Unless the industry offers services that
   are focused to customer needs, adoption is likely to be muted at best.
   Notable exceptions here are the offerings from companies such as
   SalesForce and ServiceNow.

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Uncategorized on October 14, 2014 by
   raviprasadv@lycos.com.

The Paradox of Cloud Computing Adoption – Part II

   Leave a reply

   In Part I of this post, I discussed the overview of Cloud Computing
   adoption and the importance of the primary factors, scale and scope.
   What are other considerations that dictate Cloud strategy and have a
   bearing upon customer adoption? Some of these are listed below.

   1. Variability of Workload

   Workloads are assumed to be fixed or variable; in reality, they are
   almost always variable. They can vary at low or high rates, and this
   variability can be predictable or unpredictable (H&R Block during tax
   season vs. social media spikes during major events). It is difficult to
   accommodate a highly variable workload in-house or in a private cloud –
   the two available options are to either overbuild at a large cost or
   suffer degraded performance during workload spikes. A public Cloud
   capitalizes upon the fact that workload spikes between its customers
   are not correlated; if they were, the public Cloud could be susceptible
   to similar performance issues as well.

   2. Data Intensity

   Enterprises have different characteristics in terms of data generation,
   based primarily upon the nature of their business. Some organizations
   generate a large amount of data (Social Media, Insurance companies,
   Pharmaceutical companies, and Manufacturing companies). Others generate
   relatively lesser amounts of data (early-stage startups, mobile app
   companies). It is relatively easier to migrate low data intensity
   applications to Cloud providers, and such migrations are likely to
   involve lower operational costs as well.

   3. Externally generated data vs. internal

   Companies also differ by where their data is generated. Social media
   companies experience externally generated data, whereas Pharmaceutical
   or Manufacturing companies generate their data in-house via test or
   manufacturing equipment. It is not easy to migrate these to the Cloud
   due to the data volumes involved, and if there are Compliance and IP
   considerations involved (see #5 below).

   4. Interoperations between applications, and data movement within the
   enterprise

   Companies could have several standalone applications with relatively
   limited interaction. For example, Twitter’s Operations, internal email,
   and financial systems minimally interact with each other, if at all. On
   the other hand, an insurance company’s Claims applications, Data
   Warehouse, Marketing applications, and email systems (workflow) are all
   linked with well-defined data flows. Here it would be a significant
   task to replace any of these components to a Cloud-based service.

   Another hurdle with high interoperability of applications is large
   scale data movement within the organization. Various functions and
   locations within an organization access data created by each other;
   internal network connections are created to implement and optimize
   these data flows, which is a complex task to accomplish across
   locations and service providers.

   5. Legacy issues and IP considerations

   Cloud service providers support most modern protocols, such as SOAP and
   REST within their PaaS offerings. However, they do not have support for
   legacy protocols that are in use at enterprises. This constitutes a
   significant hurdle that cannot be easily overcome. This is not an issue
   for new companies, but a rather significant issue for established
   companies that have been in business for many years. Organizations will
   continue to replace such applications with new services where feasible,
   but this is a slow process.

   6. SLAs and OLAs required by the business

   Corporations are increasingly required to provide SLAs and OLAs to
   their customers for all operational aspects of their business. These
   flow back to the Business Applications and IT Operations as
   corresponding SLAs/OLAs. In case an application or a set of
   applications are migrated to Cloud providers, corresponding SLAs/OLAs
   need to be established with the Cloud providers. This may or may not be
   possible based upon options that the provider offers, may be
   financially prohibitive, or difficult to enforce. Amazon offers a
   99.9999% availability for its EC2 infrastructure, yet we have had
   several outages that violate such an SLA. However, the contract would
   have been written in the provider’s favor, insulating them from serious
   financial impact, and usually limited to the amount paid for the
   service feature that failed. However, the damage to the customer’s
   reputation and financials is immense.

   For example, a provider that offers a 99.9% SLA would remain in
   compliance with a single 8 hour outage during an entire calendar year.
   Would EBay or Amazon tolerate this one week before Thanksgiving?

   7. Regulatory and Compliance limitations

   Regulatory and compliance issues are little understood by most players
   in the Cloud business; even industry experts can be misled by some of
   the provider certifications. The reality for companies is that they are
   responsible to their customers, shareholders, and to regulatory
   authorities for enforcement of privacy, security, and integrity of
   their customer data. Cloud provider certifications mean that these
   providers follow best practices; however, in case customer data is lost
   or compromised, it is hard to see that the Cloud provider would step up
   to take financial responsibility. Even worse, smaller providers might
   simply close their doors, leaving all their customers in an extremely
   difficult situation.

   8. Impact of network costs

   Network costs are a major source of expense for organizations in the
   present situation, representing significant chunks of IT/Telecom
   budgets for most. The reasons that these are exceedingly high are due
   to the nature of large capital projects for network capacity, and the
   small number of providers operating as an effective oligopoly.

   With migration to the Cloud, there is an increase in network traffic,
   and a corresponding increase in costs for companies on multiple
   accounts.
     * All client access will move data to external providers.
     * Movement of data occurs between multiple applications/providers
     * Data communication to/from in-house legacy applications
     * Movement of internally generated data to external providers

   Each of the above items represents data that was being moved within the
   organization’s Local Area Network (LAN), and will now be routed over
   the Wide Area Network (WAN) of a telecom provider. LAN costs are
   relatively very low, and provide a stable and high performance network
   path, whereas WAN costs are quite high, even at much lower bandwidths.
   In addition, usage of WANs introduces significant latencies that
   applications may or may not be able to tolerate. WANs are also more
   susceptible to failure than LANs as well. This represents a reduction
   in the reliability of network and application infrastructure.

   Let us examine the impact of these factors on a few types of companies.
   Dark colors below indicate strong impact based on this dimension and
   lighter colors imply lesser impact due to any given factor.

   Cloud Computing - Secondary Factor Impact


   It is clear that each of these types of companies have distinct
   profiles based upon the combination of these eight dimensions. Existing
   companies have operations and IT systems that reflect these profiles,
   and look for these requirements to be met by Cloud services. In case
   these requirements are not adequately met, it constitutes a barrier to
   migration. These profiles are likely to be similar for companies within
   a particular domain, irrespective of size.

   In addition, there are a number of factors that inhibit rapid Cloud
   adoption by customers. I will explore these, and identify conditions
   that would speed up this process, and offer some recommendations for
   Cloud providers in the concluding part of this paper.

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Big Data, Cloud Computing, Information
   technology on October 7, 2014 by raviprasadv@lycos.com.

The Paradox of Cloud Computing Adoption – Part I

   Leave a reply

   Cloud Computing has been a major factor for companies of all sizes and
   types in determining their IT strategy. The compelling nature of the
   pay-as-you-go model that has minimized large capital outlays for
   technology projects, enhanced agility that enterprises derive with the
   ability to scale up/down at will, and reduced costs incurred due to
   sharing infrastructure established at large scales have made it highly
   attractive to executives. These factors also appear to make a solid
   case for Cloud adoption; however, the ground reality is quite
   different. For any enterprise, Cloud strategy is not a
   one-size-fits-all and depends upon the intrinsic complexities that
   define an organization, which in turn is based upon the nature of its
   operations.

   Looking at various applications that exist within an organization from
   the outside, it appears simple to decide which applications can be
   moved to the Cloud and those that should be retained in-house. Yet,
   this is a simplistic view that ignores the context of these
   applications and the organization within which they exist. While the
   nature of any given application seems to be an obvious driver in the
   decision to move it to the cloud, a close look at the current landscape
   across various organizations reveal that the organization’s size,
   maturity and integration with other applications are also significant
   drivers of the adoption. This paper attempts to take a closer look at
   the many complexities involved with matching any given enterprise to an
   appropriate Cloud strategy, and explores the drivers that explain such
   a disparity in adoption of Cloud services.

   As a new startup, it is a simple proposition to use the Cloud for
   computing capacity. There are no large capital investments needed, or
   processes for acquisition and installation of equipment. A Cloud
   service can be used to provision capacity for a nominal cost. There is
   no need for expensive infrastructure that might be underutilized, or
   teams to manage the same. In case there is a need for more capacity, it
   can be obtained instantaneously. This increases the agility of a
   startup, while keeping down costs. As the startup grows, its
   infrastructure can also grow with it.

   As organizations grow, the scale and scope of their IT
   needs/applications also increase. Large scales imply economies of scale
   from deploying applications in-house, reducing benefits resulting from
   migrating to the Cloud. With a large scope, multiple Cloud providers
   are needed to satisfy the organization’s needs, which makes it
   preferable to retain these applications in-house. Although most of
   these workloads are unlikely to provide any economies of scale, the
   integration between them represents a large barrier to migration.

   As with scale, the complexity of the applications used within
   organizations increases as they grow/mature. In the early stages most
   companies just need email and spreadsheets. As they grow they need
   tools such as Salesforce, Workday, etc. They might also use computing
   capacity from AWS or Google, and migrate their email to Office 365.
   They also begin to establish workflows that integrate these services to
   mirror their operational processes. While it makes sense to use XaaS
   services for most needs, other factors accompany growth – gradual
   acquisition of proprietary information, data movement (between
   applications, organizational functions, and multiple sites), and
   regulatory mandates. These factors promote the establishment and usage
   of complex systems.

   Examples of complex systems are ERP systems, MES systems, and Data
   warehouses. They impact multiple or all functions within the
   organization, make extensive use of automated workflows, and generate
   reports at daily or hourly rests that are needed to make operational
   decisions. They communicate with many other applications, and interact
   with multiple organizational functions and impact core operations at
   various levels within the organization. They communicate with systems
   and applications that belong to their suppliers, partners, customers,
   and regulatory organizations. They are organization-aware and have been
   extensively customized to closely match the organization’s operations.
   Losing these applications has critical impact upon an organization,
   bringing most operations to a halt.

   It is this combination of organizational and industry awareness,
   criticality of business impact, and extensive integration with other
   systems that makes complex systems hard to replicate within a Cloud
   environment. In case these systems already exist in-house, it is quite
   difficult to upgrade, replace, or migrate to the Cloud.

   CA_P11


   Based on the chart above, we see that organizations with large
   monolithic applications, or organizations with complex applications
   (even at low scales), should maintain these in-house. On the other
   hand, smaller companies with low complexity of applications are better
   served by using Cloud-based applications.

   What would be the recommendations for an existing enterprise? Again,
   for an existing startup, this would be a no-brainer; in most cases, it
   would be to leverage the Cloud to improve agility while minimizing
   expenses. On the other hand, a large existing enterprise has the
   necessary scale to retain its infrastructure and systems in-house. It
   is quite easy to recommend that a new startup rent its infrastructure
   at AWS or build its applications upon the Azure platform. It is
   similarly easy to recommend that companies such as GE or Merck maintain
   their systems in-house. The recommendation is not so clear for
   medium-sized companies; they do not have a very large scale to justify
   in-house retention. At the same time, this is complicated by
   integration between applications.

   How do these recommendations change with growth? When does Cloud
   Strategy dictate moving Cloud systems in-house or vice-versa? Let us
   take a look at the chart below to understand the impact.

   CA_P12

   Startups score low on both scale and scope of their applications, and
   hence are located at the top right of the above chart. As they grow,
   the scale and scope of their workloads increases, causing them to
   resemble mid-sized companies, and ultimately become large enterprises.
   This migration is also pictured above. At some point in the
   organizational lifecycle, it becomes economically imperative for
   applications to be migrated to in-house systems, as shown in the blue
   region. However, strategic considerations may pre-empt this move,
   within the brown region above.

   What are some of the other considerations that dictate Cloud strategy
   and have a bearing upon customer adoption? We will take a look at these
   aspects in Part 2 of this paper.

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Uncategorized on August 23, 2014 by
   raviprasadv@lycos.com.

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

Follow Us!

   Follow Us on Twitter Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on RSS

   Search for: ____________________ Search

Current Active Polls

Archives

     * August 2015
     * April 2015
     * October 2014
     * August 2014
     * June 2014
     * April 2014
     * March 2014
     * February 2014
     * January 2014
     * December 2013
     * October 2013
     * September 2013
     * August 2013
     * July 2013
     * June 2013
     * May 2013
     * April 2013

About Me

   [ravi-venkatasubbaiah.jpg]

The Daily Caffeine

   @copyright 2013 http://meluku.com/ ,All rights reserved
   #prev next ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku » Feed ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku » Comments Feed

ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku

Reflections and Ruminations of a Technologist, Thinker, and Leader

   (BUTTON) Menu Skip to content
     * Home
     * About me
     * Poll Archive
     * Resources
          + Blogs that I follow
          + Documents
     * The Daily Caffeine

San Francisco VMUG Meeting with Frank Denneman

   Leave a reply

   A new VMUG chapter started up in San Francisco, the city of startups,
   on June 24, 2014. I happened to attend this meeting, and my thoughts
   from this meeting are below.

   The meeting was organized at the Thirsty Bear brewing company on Howard
   Street, which is a stone’s throw away from the Moscone Center. This is
   a great central location, with parking conveniently available at the
   garage next door. I arrived around 11:30am, the designated start time
   and made my way to the second floor, where the meeting was to take
   place. The meeting room itself was an open space, but comfortable and
   cozy, accommodating 40-50 persons.

   I had the opportunity to interact with Chris Seline and Andrew
   Uplinger, the leaders of the San Francisco chapter, who had organized
   this meeting. I also spoke with several attendees, including VMware
   customers, VMware staff, and representatives of PernixData, the sponsor
   of this meeting. The main attraction was an opportunity to meet with
   the presenter, Frank Denneman, who is an industry legend.

   Attendees started to stream in, and pretty soon the room was buzzing
   with activity. Andrew and Chris efficiently signed in the attendees,
   and managed the walk-ins as well. They distributed raffle tickets to
   each attendee, and provided logistical information. VMUG was raffling a
   VMUG advantage membership, and PernixData was giving away a GoPro Hero3
   camera.

   Networking started going on in full force, as attendees interacted with
   each other and exchanged business cards and stories. They made a
   beeline for the food and drinks; the food was excellent Spanish fare,
   which the Thirsty Bear is known for, with many options. Chris Seline
   took the floor, welcomed the attendees, and introduced Frank Denneman,
   the presenter. The PernixData presentation began after a few
   introductory words from Frank.

   PernixData offers its FVP solution, which uses server-side Flash memory
   to increase I/O performance for VMs across a cluster. This addresses
   many issues including VM sprawl, the I/O blender, latency to SAN
   storage, queue depth limitations, and more. (Sound Bite: Storage
   problems form over 75% of VMware support calls). FVP also eliminates
   the major chunk of demanding I/O from hitting the SAN, since these are
   served up from within the server’s Flash memory. Thus performance to
   all VMs improves, regardless of whether they are accelerated by FVP or
   not. At its core, FVP decouples storage performance from capacity, so
   that each issue could be independently addressed.

   Audience view A view of the audience during Frank Denneman’s
   presentation

   You can view the entire presentation by Frank here (VMUG login
   required).

   After this great presentation, attendees headed for refills on their
   food and drinks, as the meeting entered its final stages. Chris took
   the floor again to survey the attendees on the convenience of the
   meeting time, the location, as well as preferences for future meeting
   topics. It was then time for the raffle, and the prizes were
   distributed to the lucky winners. I said my goodbyes to fellow
   attendees, congratulated the leaders, and made my way out around 1 pm.

   Raffle Winners The lucky raffle winners

    To summarize, the venue and timing were excellent and convenient to
   attendees. There were 45-50 attendees in total, which is excellent for
   the first meeting of a VMUG chapter. The food and networking were
   great, and the presentation was excellent. Andrew and Chris managed all
   aspects of the meeting well, from the planning and preparation to the
   execution itself. Feedback from fellow attendees was uniformly
   positive, with all intending to return for the next meeting.

   VMUG Leader Pics Leaders of Sacramento VMUG, San Francisco VMUG, and
   Silicon Valley VMUG with Frank Denneman

   Congratulations to Chris Seline and Andrew Uplinger for a great job!!
   We hope to see many more successful meetings from the San Francisco
   VMUG chapter. Follow @SFVMUG for updates from this chapter.




Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Cloud Computing, Data Center, Information
   technology on June 30, 2014 by raviprasadv@lycos.com.

News Roundup

   Leave a reply

   I have a number of news updates to share with you this week.

   New VMUG Website

   VMUG has updated their website with a new look, but also with some
   overdue enhancements to help members, sponsors, and leaders to access
   information easily and improve collaboration. Please visit
   http://www.vmug.com to view the new site.

   VMUG announces the Game On program

   VMUG has announced the Game On program to boost membership and
   engagement with its members. The membership base stood at 80,000 at the
   beginning of 2014, and the target is reach 100,000 members by VMworld
   2014. Please note that VMUG counts only active members, defined as
   those that attended a meeting or event within the past year.

   Members can win prizes for signing up other members, including an iPad
   Air, and a trip to VMworld. The VMUG chapter that gets the most new
   members during this period also wins prizes. Sign in for the Game On
   program here

   VMware announcement on vCloud Hybrid Service

   VMware announced on April 15, 2014 that the vCloud Hybrid Service would
   be available to customers starting from $835 a month for up to 1TB of
   storage, with a 15 minute RPO. This is a critical resource for many
   organizations that do not protect their mission-critical applications.
   The press release from VMware can be viewed here and the blog post by
   Bill Fathers can be viewed here.

   My guest post on VSAN

   VMware announced on March 12, 2014 that its VMware Virtual SAN (VSAN)
   product was moving out of beta and would be generally available to
   customers. A much anticipated product, VSAN offers a huge list of
   features and addresses a number of customer use cases.

   Is VSAN just a great storage product, or does it have greater
   potential? Read my entire post at Greg Stuart’s vDestination site.

   Why should you attend a VMUG User Conference during 2014

   VMUG User Conferences are a great resource for customers, partners, and
   VMware to get product information, stay in touch with current
   technologies and best practices, as well as networking with industry
   peers. More information and details in my post in VMUG Voice

   Information on the Silicon Valley VMUG User Conference

   The Silicon Valley VMUG User Conference will be held at the San Jose
   Convention Center on April 23, 2014. Some of the highlights of the
   agenda are a keynote by Ben Fathi, CTO at VMware, a panel session on
   End User Computing trends, and a number of VMware and partner sessions.

   If you will be in Silicon Valley on April 23, 2014, I would like to
   meet you. The link to register is http://www.vmug.com/p/cm/ld/fid=4864
   , hoping to see you there.

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Cloud Computing, Information technology on
   April 18, 2014 by Ravi Venkatasubbaiah.

Congratulations to the 2014 vExperts

   Leave a reply

   The list of 2014 vExperts was announced on April 1^st – no, this was
   serious, not meant as a joke. There were 754 vExperts on this list,
   making it the largest one ever. In addition, there will be more
   announcements on a quarterly basis during the year as well. The formal
   announcement and the entire list of 2014 vExperts can be viewed here.

   So what is the qualification to become a vExpert, and how do to earn
   their stripes? As Corey Romero mentioned in his blog post, vExpert is
   not a “technical certification”, and does not measure the technical
   aptitude or capability of the applicant. Rather, it is a method of
   identifying people who were particularly engaged with their community,
   and had substantial influence within those communities. This award is
   particularly apt in the age of social media, that it identifies and
   rewards the influencers who spread the word about benefits of
   technology platforms.

   I was one of the vExperts anointed this year (my first vExpert award),
   and I consider this a great honor, and a recognition of my support to
   this community. This award energizes me to serve the VMware user
   community in roles beyond my existing ones as Board Member at VMware
   User Group (VMUG), Chairman of the VMUG Partner Council, and Leader of
   Silicon Valley VMUG. I look forward to ideas from the community on
   additional roles.

   On a related note, if you will be in Silicon Valley on April 23, 2014,
   I would like to meet you at the Silicon Valley VMUG User Conference at
   the San Jose Convention Center. The link to register is
   http://www.vmug.com/p/cm/ld/fid=4864, hoping to see you there.

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Careers, Cloud Computing, Information
   technology on April 7, 2014 by Ravi Venkatasubbaiah.

Silicon Valley VMUG User Conference on April 23

   Leave a reply

      I would like to invite you to the 2014 VMware User Group’s User
   Conference at the San Jose Convention Center on April 23^rd. There will
       be a wide range of choices from VMware and partner sessions, a
    Solutions Center with partner exhibits, keynote session by Ben Fathi,
     CTO at VMware, and panel sessions from reputed speakers within the
   industry. What is more, VMUG has you covered with breakfast, lunch, and
   coffee – you can spend the entire day attending sessions, previewing
         the Solutions Center, and networking with fellow attendees.

   Some demographics about the attendees:

   Pic1

   Some key facts from 2013 User Conference attendees (information
   gathered from attendee surveys)
     * 99% of attendee survey respondents plan to return in 2014
     * 98% would recommend events to a colleague
     * 85% of attendees are decision makers / influencers within their
       organizations

   Attendees also mentioned these as their primary reasons for attending:
    1. Build Relationships with VMUG Members
    2. Learn about the latest solutions to their VMware installations
    3. Share their Knowledge

   One of the key membership benefits that all VMUG members receive is
   unlimited participation in VMUG meetings and VMUG User Conferences.
   Registration is open for this conference, kindly login to your VMUG
   account to register.  The registration link can be accessed here. If
   you live in the San Francisco Bay Area, I hope to meet you there.

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Careers, Cloud Computing, Information
   technology on March 10, 2014 by Ravi Venkatasubbaiah.

VMUG’s Inaugural Virtual Event

   Leave a reply

   Did you register and attend the recent VMUG Virtual event? If you did
   not, you missed out on a great event with high quality content from
   VMware and its partners.

   1

   To recap, the VMware User Group (VMUG) held its inaugural virtual event
   on January 21, 2014. The keynote, “The Grand Challenge: Simplifying IT
   to Unleash Innovation” was presented by Paul Strong, CTO at VMware. In
   addition, there were many sessions from VMware, partners, Hands-On
   Labs, vBrownBag sessions, an Exhibit Hall with over 20 vendor booths.

   The event was a huge success, with over 8,300 registrations and 4,100
   attendees. These numbers significantly exceeded expectations for the
   first ever virtual event. Attendees patiently waited for a
   representative to chat with them at booths, streamed a lot of content,
   attended multiple sessions, and spent time at the community lounge. The
   average time spent by each attendee at this event was over 4 hours,
   demonstrating the value of the content. Event sponsors had a lot of
   positive feedback regarding the quality of the event and the value they
   received.


   VMUG Staff

   An event such as this takes a lot of effort to plan and deliver, and I
   wish to recognize the efforts of the staff at VMUG HQ (pictured above),
   the leaders of this event, and the VMware staff responsible for
   coordination. I would like to thank all the speakers and participants
   from VMware and VMware partners as well. There were no technical
   glitches in spite of the huge turnout. Well Done!

   Lastly, in case you registered, but could not attend, or wish to
   download content from this event, please note that your access is valid
   until the end of this month. You have a great opportunity to utilize
   some valuable content.

Share and Enjoy

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Delicious
     * LinkedIn
     * StumbleUpon
     * Add to favorites
     * Email
     * RSS

   This entry was posted in Cloud Computing, Information technology on
   February 5, 2014 by Ravi Venkatasubbaiah.

Post navigation

   ← Older posts
   Newer posts →

Follow Us!

   Follow Us on Twitter Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on RSS

   Search for: ____________________ Search

Current Active Polls

Archives

     * August 2015
     * April 2015
     * October 2014
     * August 2014
     * June 2014
     * April 2014
     * March 2014
     * February 2014
     * January 2014
     * December 2013
     * October 2013
     * September 2013
     * August 2013
     * July 2013
     * June 2013
     * May 2013
     * April 2013

About Me

   [ravi-venkatasubbaiah.jpg]

The Daily Caffeine

   @copyright 2013 http://meluku.com/ ,All rights reserved
   #ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku » Feed ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku » Comments Feed ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku
   » Search Results for “{search_term_string}” Feed

ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku

Reflections and Ruminations of a Technologist, Thinker, and Leader

   (BUTTON) Menu Skip to content
     * Home
     * About me
     * Poll Archive
     * Resources
          + Blogs that I follow
          + Documents
     * The Daily Caffeine

Nothing Found

   Sorry, but nothing matched your search criteria. Please try again with
   some different keywords.
   Search for: {search_term_string} Search

About Me

   [ravi-venkatasubbaiah.jpg]

The Daily Caffeine

Follow Us!

   Follow Us on Twitter Follow Us on LinkedIn Follow Us on RSS

   Search for: {search_term_string} Search

Archives

     * August 2015
     * April 2015
     * October 2014
     * August 2014
     * June 2014
     * April 2014
     * March 2014
     * February 2014
     * January 2014
     * December 2013
     * October 2013
     * September 2013
     * August 2013
     * July 2013
     * June 2013
     * May 2013
     * April 2013

   @copyright 2013 http://meluku.com/ ,All rights reserved
   0


ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku

   Username
   ____________________

   Password
   ____________________

   [ ] Remember Me

   Log In

   Lost your password?

   ← Back to ಮೆಲುಕು | Meluku
