   #Modern Masters Cafe Blog » Feed Modern Masters Cafe Blog » Comments
   Feed

   Modern Masters Cafe Blog

  Main menu

   Skip to primary content

   Skip to secondary content

     * BLOG
     * WHERE TO BUY
     * RESOURCE CENTER
     * INSPIRATION
     * OUR PRODUCTS

                            Modern Masters Cafe Blog

Metallic Paints, Architectural Textures, Theme Paints, Blacklight Paints,
Glazes, Varnishes, Crackles

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

How To Create Aged Copper Patina On Wood & Metal

   Posted on March 12, 2019 by Modern Masters

   I want to thank Modern Masters for partnering with me on this copper
   patina post. All opinions of this amazing project are my own.

   I have been DIYing, crafting and creating things since I can remember.
   When I was younger, you would catch me out in the back yard drawing in
   my sketch pad and writing notes about animals from my encyclopedias. (I
   think it is so crazy that kids today don’t even know that an
   encyclopedia is. Times have changed so much!). I truly enjoy all kinds
   of projects, but easy projects are my jam. Projects that let me get the
   look I want without a ton of time or work are making me so happy right
   now. Does that make me a lazy creator? I don’t think so. I love all
   projects and there is a time for projects that take a lot of energy,
   time and money and there are times when I just want to get a creative
   fix without having to spend a lot of time to do it.

   1


   The project I am sharing with you today, blew me away. I hope it blows
   you away as much as it did me. I could not believe how easy the process
   was and how beautiful the outcome was. The best part…. it worked the
   first time I did it! There was no guesswork, no “do-overs”, no back-up
   plan. NOPE! None. Zilch. Nada.

   There is nothing more satisfying than having a project come out better
   than you imagined without any blood, sweat or tears to get it. and
   believe me, we have had our share of those kinds of projects. I am
   telling you – this project was so easy and I loved the finished product
   so much that I will be doing this over and over again. I am obsessed.

   2


   I was able to create an authentic, aged, green copper patina in only a
   few steps. And (drum roll please), it works on metal AND wood! Can you
   even imagine how many projects I can use this on? As soon as I saw how
   well it worked, my mind started racing with possibilities. The aged
   copper patina game is strong over here and I nothing is safe from it.
   Once the weather warms up, I will be searching our garage for different
   pieces I can put this patina on and turn into beautiful home decor.

   3


   Until then, let’s get to the project that started my love and obsession
   with the copper patina technique.

   {Affiliate links are used in this post so you can easily find these
   products. You can read my disclosure HERE.}

Supplies Used To Achieve The Green Copper Patina Look:

   Modern Masters Aging Solutions Green Patina

   Modern Masters Metal Effects Primer

   Modern Masters Reactive Metallic Copper

   Paint Brushes

   Spray Bottle

   Paper Towels

   4


   I am always picking up old wood boxes and galvanized buckets when I
   find them at yard sales and thrift stores. Not only are they are great
   for storing things, but the galvanized buckets make great planters on
   our front porch in the spring, summer and fall. When I received the
   shipment from Modern Masters, I knew right away that I was going to
   make over a couple of my galvanized buckets and one of my favorite wood
   boxes. I wanted them to look like they were made of copper and have
   been around for a long them. The green color that comes from aged
   copper is so pretty and I was able to recreate that look on these
   pieces.

   5


   Below is a step-by-step video of how I created the green copper patina
   on the wood box and the galvanized buckets:

   1

How To Create An Aged Copper Patina on Wood and Metal:

   The first thing I did was pour the Modern Masters Aging Solutions Green
   Patina into a spray bottle. I found that it was easier to apply this
   way. Next, I applied two coats of the Modern Masters Metal Effects
   Primer on the buckets and the box. I made sure the first coat was dry
   before I added the second coat. Once the second coat of primer was dry,
   I painted the buckets and the box with Modern Masters Reactive Metallic
   Copper paint. Again, I made sure the first coat was dry before I
   applied the second coat. For the second coat, I worked in smaller
   sections because I needed to spray the Modern Masters Aging Solutions
   Green Patina over the copper paint while it was still wet.

   Once I had the wood box and the buckets sprayed, I let them sit for a
   couple of hours and came back to find them looking like old, aged
   copper pieces that were absolutely beautiful!

   3

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/LShO2JxlGQU?enablejsapi=1&autoplay=0&cc_l
   oad_policy=0&iv_load_policy=1&loop=0&modestbranding=0&rel=1&showinfo=1&
   fs=1&playsinline=0&autohide=2&theme=dark&color=red&controls=2&

   I was blown away when I saw the outcome of this project! It looks like
   the real thing and it didn’t take days to do it. I am already thinking
   of all the ways I can add this patina to different projects. Since I
   finished this project, I haven’t stopped talking about how amazing and
   easy it was. I have to say it again – I WAS BLOWN AWAY WITH THIS
   PROJECT!

   After doing a million projects over the years, I really can appreciate
   products that work well and that make my job easier. When I find a
   product that I love this much, I tell everyone I know about it and I
   will be sharing more ideas with it here. If you are looking for an easy
   project that makes a BIG impact, this is the one. You can turn any old
   metal or wood piece you have in the garage or attic into a stunning
   piece you would actually use in your decor. That is a win-win project
   in my eyes.

   I filled the copper patina pieces with faux stems I had in the house,
   but this spring and summer, the bucket will be even more pretty with
   live plants in them. The wood box will find a permanent home in the
   antique hutch we have in our living room.

   What would you make over with this copper patina?

   Posted in Inspiration, Metal Effects, Metallic Paint Collection,
   Projects, Uncategorized

Beautiful Cabinetry and Woodwork Projects with Modern Masters

   Posted on August 30, 2018 by Modern Masters

   Paint can instantly enhance and refresh kitchen and bath cabinetry!
   Many pros and DIYers alike use our Modern Masters products to create
   unique, beautiful finishes. Take a look at some of our faves…

   Kitchen Cabinetry project by decorative artist Shauna Gallagher with
   Modern Masters products | Beautiful Cabinet Projects to Inspire

   Kitchen Cabinetry Aged Glaze Details | Project: Shauna Gallagher |
   Products: Modern Masters | Cabinet Projects to Inspire

   This beautiful refinished cabinetry project is by decorative painter
   Shauna Gallagher. The wood carving by the range hood is stained using
   Glazing Cream Colors and Furniture Glazing Cream, and the island is
   glazed with the same products.

   Buffet turned bath vanity is protected with the matte sheen finish of
   Modern Masters Dead Flat Glaze | Project by Postcards from the Ridge |
   Cabinetry Projects to Inspire

   A few years ago, Postcards from the Ridge transformed her dining room
   buffet into a bath vanity cabinet. Doesn’t it look wonderful? After
   painting, she sealed the entire piece with Dead Flat Varnish and years
   later, one of her favorite cabinetry projects still looks amazing.

   Light and Bright Painted Kitchen Island by Bella House Faux | Cabinet
   Refinishing topcoated with Modern Masters MasterClear® Supreme |
   Cabinet Projects to Inspire

   We recently featured decorative studio Bella House Faux and their
   incredible Modern Masters projects. They also shared a kitchen cabinet
   redo that was protected with our durable MasterClear® Supreme.

   Modern Masters Metallic Paints highlight the gorgeous wood of a bath
   vanity | Project by Creative Finishes Studio | Cabinetry projects to
   inspire

   A touch of gold looks amazing on this wood bath vanity! Creative
   Finishes Studio used our Metallic Paint for the stunning finish.

   Glazed Ballroom Woodwork and Cabinetry by Artisan Factor | Modern
   Masters Metallic Paint | Gorgeous Cabinetry Projects

   Modern Masters Metallic Paint highlights the woodwork in a hotel
   ballroom | Project by Artisan Factor | Gorgeous Cabinetry Projects

   Our products are also durable enough for commercial and hospitality
   projects! Decorative paint and cabinetry refinishing studio Artisan
   Factor used our Metallic Paints to highlight the woodwork in a grand
   hotel ballroom.

   Metal Effects Cabinet Door Insets with Stenciled Design | Project by
   Debbie Hayes of My Patch of Blue Sky | Wow Cabinetry Projects

   DIY and decorative finish pro Debbie Hayes of My Patch of Blue Sky
   updated the cabinet door insets of her guest bath and the rustic
   stenciled patina made all the difference! The patina is from our Metal
   Effects.

   Painted Metallic Bath Cabinets | Modern Masters Metallic Paint and
   MasterClear® Topcoat | Project by Decorative & Faux Finishes | Gorgeous
   Refinished Cabinetry Projects

   A mix of Champagne and Warm Silver Metallic Paint graces the crown
   molding, trim, and all the cabinets painted by Decorative & Faux
   Finishes. The cabinets were protected with MasterClear® Protective
   Clear Topcoat, made specifically to durably project our Metallic Paints
   while maintaining the lustrous shimmer.

   The key to successful cabinet refinishing is to prep well by cleaning
   thoroughly and adding a primer, if the product requires it. After
   creating your desired effect, the right topcoat can keep your finish
   durable and fresh for years. We hope you have been inspired by these
   Modern Masters projects! To find your nearest retailer, hop on over to
   the Retailer Locator on our website and get ready for a new look!

   Posted in Dead Flat Varnish, Decorative Painter's Products,
   Inspiration, MasterClear® Protective Clear Topcoat, MasterClear®
   Supreme, Metal Effects, Metallic Paint Collection, Projects | Tagged
   bath cabinetry, bath cabinets, glazed cabinets, kitchen cabinetry,
   kitchen cabinets, metallic on cabinets

Modern Mastery: Bella House Faux

   Posted on August 22, 2018 by Modern Masters

   We have long followed the beautiful work of mother daughter duo Bella
   House Paint and Faux. It’s our pleasure to feature both Sydney and
   Donna’s incredible artistry along with some of their projects
   featuring Modern Masters!

   The gorgeous decorative painting projects of Bella House Faux studio |
   Modern Mastery feature by Modern Masters Bella House Paint and Faux is
   a mother and daughter team with extensive experience in Art, Design,
   and Construction. Since 2003, Sydney (left) and Donna (right) have been
   dedicated to producing the most refined finishes available in today’s
   homes, offices, and commercial spaces while also working with talented
   designers and contractors. Their expertise includes everything from
   glitzy layered wall finishes, Venetian plaster, kitchen cabinet
   makeovers, exterior wood graining on garage doors, and recently, art on
   canvas. From the foothills in California to the heart of the great
   State of Texas and beyond, Donna and Sydney have travel to many
   locations to create gorgeous fine finishes.

   Canvas Art created by Bella House Faux | Modern Masters Metallic
   Plaster and Trowels | Modern Mastery Studio Feature

   Stunning art canvas created with the help of Glazing Cream Colors and
   trowels.

   Modern Masters Glazing Cream Colors, Exterior Dead Flat Varnish, and
   MasterClear® Supreme were used by Bella House Faux to paint faux wood
   residential garage doors | Modern Mastery Blog Feature

   These beautiful faux wood garage doors were created with the help of
   Glazing Cream Colors, Exterior Dead Flat Varnish, and MasterClear®
   Supreme.

   How has Modern Masters enhanced your business?

   We are thankful to have found dependable, durable, easy to learn
   products that ensure the integrity and beauty of each project we take
   on. Our sales dramatically increased when we presented gorgeous Modern
   Masters samples to our clients. Modern Masters always has that extra
   special and unique look that is desired by our high end clientele. We
   have outstanding confidence in the  products because we have used them
   for so many years. We know we can count on consistency in color and
   application.

   Mix of Modern Masters Metallic Plaster on Walls | Dark and rich plaster
   wall finish by Bella House Faux | Modern Mastery Blog Feature

   A mix of Gunmetal and Tungsten Metallic Plaster on the walls completes
   a chic retreat.

   Bella House Faux used Modern Masters Glazing Cream Colors and
   MasterClear® Supreme to faux woodgrain kitchen cabinets - gorgeous
   finish! The studio is profiled is the Modern Mastery blog series
   feature.

   Furniture & Cabinetry Glazing Cream mixed with Coffee Bean, Van Dyke
   Brown, and Aged Mahogany Glazing Cream Colors create a beautiful faux
   bois finish. MasterClear® Supreme provides complete durability.

   What is your go-to Modern Masters product and/or color?

   We have a couple! Modern Masters Exterior Dead Flat Varnish is liquid
   gold to us. We can always be confident that our finishes will maintain
   their durability when we use DFV. By far our favorite product for wall
   finishes always include Metallic Plaster. They are timeless yet glitzy
   and always give that wow factor we love.

   Light Wood Beams were faux into a darker, richer color and look by
   Bella House Faux | Project collaboration with Auger Construction, Inc.
   | Modern Masters Glazing Cream Colors and Wall Glazing Cream | Modern
   Mastery Blog Feature

   Bella House Faux frequently collaborates with Auger Construction, Inc.
   and this is one of their many projects together. The wood beams were
   made darker and richer with Glazing Cream Colors and helps bring the
   rustic and elegant design of the dining room together.

   Landscape Mural for Nursery Accent Wall | Modern Masters Glazing Cream
   Colors and Dead Flat Varnish | Project by Bella House Faux | Studio
   Feature in the Modern Mastery series on the Cafe Blog

   Such a sweet nursery! The landscape mural was painted with Glazing
   Cream Colors and Wall Glazing Cream for a soft and soothing focal
   point.

   Wood Pallet Plank Focal Wall painted and created with the help of
   Modern Masters Glazing Cream Colors | Reading Nook Feature Wall |
   Project by Bella House Faux | Accent Wall Ideas | Modern Mastery
   feature

   Colored and distressed Wood Plank Wall by Bella House Faux | Modern
   Masters Glazing Cream Colors and Glazes

   Glazing Cream Colors are versatile and come in a beautiful array of
   colors. Bella House Faux uses them to color and stain wood planks for
   one of a kind custom wall finishes.
   What is your top art tip?
   When it comes to art, never be afraid to take a risk,have fun and
   always use high quality materials. If you create with love and joy, it
   will come through in your work.


   Gorgeous Metallic Plaster Wall Finish by Bella House Faux | Grey
   Plaster Finish for Kitchens | Modern Masters | Modern Mastery Blog
   Feature

   A luxe troweled treatment with our Metallic Plaster enhances a kitchen.

   Aren’t the finishes incredible? We enjoy how they run the gamut from
   industrial to refined to chic to rustic elegance with such ease – and
   all with a perfectly polished, professional look! We hope you’ve
   enjoyed our Modern Mastery feature of the Bella House Paint and Faux
   studio. Be sure to continue to follow their artistry on their
   Instagram as well! Thank you, Donna and Sydney, for sharing your Modern
   Masters projects with us!

   Posted in Dead Flat Varnish, Decorative Painter's Products,
   Inspiration, MasterClear® Supreme, Metallic Plaster, Modern Mastery,
   Products, Projects | Tagged art canvas, bella house faux, decorative
   painting, garage doors, kitchen cabinetry, metallic plaster, wood
   beams, wood pallet wall

Stencil Style with Modern Masters

   Posted on August 17, 2018 by Modern Masters

   Stenciling is an incredibly easy way to add paint, pattern, and panache
   to any surface! Many of our Modern Masters products work perfectly with
   stencils and we enjoy seeing the many projects you share with us.
   Here’s some of our recent favorites…

   Stenciled Bath with Modern Maters Metallic Paint | Beautiful project by
   Arlene McLounglin of Arlene Murals | Stencil Style with Modern Masters

   A stenciled accent wall makes a beautiful backdrop in a refined bath.
   Decorative artst and muralist Arlene McLoughlin used our Silver
   Metallic Paint to add shimmer and enhance the look.

   Elegant and Chic Stenciled Bedroom Wall with Modern Masters Metallic
   Paint | Project by Perfectly Painted Designs | Stenciling with Modern
   Masters

   Lovely to see the shimmer of our Champagne Metallic Paint in a soft and
   etheral stenciled wall finish for a bedroom by Jessica of Perfectly
   Painted Designs.

   Stenciled Arch with Complementary Metallic Wall Finish by Love Paper
   Paint | Modern Masters Metallic Paint | Stencil Style with Modern
   Masters

   A stenciled archway niche with a metallic edge looks stunning against a
   brushstroke finish, both featuring our Metallic Paints. The work is by
   artist Katie Gaines of Love Paper Paint.

   Blackened Bronze Metallic Paint enhances a bedroom with pattern |
   Stencil Style with Modern Masters | Project by Janell's Designs

   Blackened Bronze Metallic Paint was used for the wall stenciling
   by Janell’s Designs to bring a rich lustre to the overall bedroom
   design. The withe and the bronze play off each other so well!

   Cynthia Davis pairs a gorgeous Wallovers Stencil with Modern Masters
   Metallic Paints | Cynthia Davis Designs | Stencil Style with Modern
   Masters

   The Africa Stencil from Wallovers and our Metallic Paint
   Collection pair up to create an eye-catching wall treatment. So very
   cool! The project is by Cynthia Designs.

   Stenciled Ceiling Inset and Border Surround with Modern Masters
   Metallic Paint | Project by Decorative & Faux Finishes | Stenciling
   with Metallics

   Raised Stencil Design with Metallic Plaster by Decorative & Faux
   Finishes | Modern Masters Metallic Plaster | Stenciled Wall Ideas

   Decorative & Faux Finishes frequently uses stencils and various of our
   products to create extraordinary spaces! The top image is a custom
   vinyl stencil on a ceiling inset and border surround that is enhanced
   by our Metallic Paints. The lower image features a raised stencil
   design in a powder bath with our Metallic Plaster. Gorgeous work!

   Crocodile Design on Drawers with Modern Masters Metal Effects | Project
   by 3 Oaks Design | Stencil Style with Modern Masters

   3 Oaks Studio had fun with the Metal Effects Rust Patina and a
   beautiful crocodile texture together on a four-drawer dresser.

   Stenciled Piano and Wall by Revintaged by Jo using Modern Masters
   Metallic Paint | Stenciled Furniture and Wall Projects

   Both the wall and piano feature stenciling with our Pharaoh’s Gold
   Metallic Paint. More is always more and we love the mint and gold
   combo! Artistry by Revintaged by Jo.

   Stencil patterns range from modern to traditional to eclectic and
   bohemian, so there’s a perfect design at any time to pair with your
   favorite Modern Masters products. We can’t wait to see what you stencil
   up!


   Posted in Inspiration, Metal Effects, Metallic Paint Collection,
   Metallic Plaster, Products, Projects | Tagged stenciled wall,
   stenciling with metallic paint, stencils

Powder Bath Ideas That Wow!

   Posted on August 10, 2018 by Modern Masters

   Guest baths and powder rooms set the stage for gorgeous design and DIY
   ideas! We’ve gathered a few of our favorite powder bath projects with
   Modern Masters products that can help you pull your designs ideas
   together. Ready to be inspired?

   Cable Knit Stenciled Bath Wall with Modern Masters Metallic Paint |
   Ariana Hoffman Artisans | Neutral Powder Bath Ideas

   A cable knit stencil pattern adds a dose of warmth to a pale pink
   powder bath stenciled with Oyster Metallic Paint. Ariana Hoffman & Co.
   Decorative Artisans collaborated with Tena Mancini of Artist Frame
   Gallery for this lovely project.

   Modern Masters Brass Matte Metallic transforms a plain white bath
   mirror into a beautiful focal decor point in a bath | Gold Mirror |
   Powder Bath Ideas | Project by May Richer Fuller Be

   A mirror updated with Brass Matte Metallic perfectly complements the
   navy and white handpainted wall pattern and design accents. Don’t miss
   the step by step how-to by blogger May Richer Fuller Be.

   Tracy Ferguson Kimball of Patina Belle used Modern Masters Metallic
   Paint to add a splash of shimmer with chunky modern horizontal stripes
   | Powder Bath Ideas

   Chunky horizontal stripes in metallic gold and off-white make for a
   striking combination in this powder room by Tracey Ferguson Kimball of
   Patina Belle.

   Metallic Plaster and Glazes update a bath cabinet beautifully | Modern
   Masters | Project by Lance Dean | Neutral Powder and Guest Bath Ideas
   that Wow

   Glazed Cabinets with Modern Masters Metallic Paint Accents | Project by
   Decorative & Faux Finishes in Houston, TX | Powder Bath Ideas that Wow

   Updating bath cabinets is a great way to refresh a guest bath! Lance
   Dean used gray-toned Metallic Plaster and an aging overglaze to add
   gravitas and style to his client’s handsome cabinetry (top) and
   Decorative & Faux Finishes glazed the cabinets and added highlights and
   accents to the drawers and doors with our Metallic Paint Collection for
   a rustic elegant look (bottom).

   Powder Bath Mural with Champagne Metallic Paint | Modern Masters |
   Project by Lari A. Jacobson of Lari Art | Powder Bath Ideas that Wow

   A lovely floral mural was given a shimmery faux slubbed fabric base
   with Champagne Metallic Paint. The flower and sweet bird motifs were
   handpainted around the room by Lari A. Jacobson.

   A faux grassloth finish with black Venetian Plaster and Modern Masters
   Metallic Paints | Beautiful project by Janells Designs

   A beautiful faux grasscloth finish was created with black tinted
   Venetian Plaster and Antique Bronze Metallic Paint. The refined modern
   treatment is by Janells Designs.

   Scalloped Venetian Plaster finish by artist Caroline Lizarraga | Powder
   Bath Ideas that Wow

   A scalloped pattern with Venetian Plaster makes waves! The chic
   contemporary finish is by Caroline Lizarraga and team.

   Glass Bead Gel finish on Powder Bath Walls by artist Chris Vaught
   Studios | Modern Masters | Powder Baths that Wow

   Glass Bead Gel adds an incredible look and texture to these powder bath
   walls in the talented hands of Chris Vaught Studios. Lovely!

   Black and Gold make for a gorgeous powder bath design! Decorative &
   Faux Finishes creates a dark metallic glaze base finish with gold
   stenciled fans. | Modern Masters Metallic Paint | Powder Baths that Wow

   Black and gold make for an incredible combination! Decorative & Faux
   Finishes created a smooth mottled black metallic base for the stenciled
   fan flowers. It’s a rich, luxe look.

   We hope you’ve discovered a few clever and inspiring ideas to spruce up
   your bath! If you have a Modern Masters project you’d love to share
   with us, tag us on social media or use the hashtag #ModernMasters –
   we’d love to see them!

   Posted in Glass Bead Gel, Inspiration, Matte Metallics, Metallic Paint
   Collection, Metallic Plaster, Venetian Plaster | Tagged powder bath
   projects

4 Inspiring Summer DIY Projects

   Posted on August 3, 2018 by Modern Masters

   Running out of summer project ideas? Make the most of your home decor
   with these beautiful Modern Masters DIY updates that are sure to charm.

   Update a light fixture with Modern Masters Metallic Paints! 1500 Square
   Feet of Whimsy did just that with a few beads and the color Warm
   Silver. Genius!

   Take one light fixture and add beadwork and Warm Silver Metallic Paint.
   Now you have a stunning focal point for any space in your home! This
   beautiful project is by Anitza of  1500 Square Feet of Whimsy.

   Metallic Stenciled Walls by Reinvintaged by Jo | Summer Home Decor
   Project Ideas

   Reinvintaged by Jo decided to update her entry and hallway walls, which
   were a bit plain for her. She used the Duchess Damask Stencil from
   Cutting Edge Stencils and our ‘yummy’ Silver Metallic Paint to add
   shimmer, pattern and interest. She says, ‘It’s incredible
   what…stencils…metallic paint, and a change of lighting can do for an
   area!”.

   Garden Bust Planter Patina with Modern Masters Metal Effects | Project
   by Debbie Hayes of My Patch of Blue Sky | Easy Summer Projects to
   Inspire

   Metal Effects patinas add rustic elegance to any project! Debbie Hayes
   of My Patch of Blue Sky decided to oxidate a concrete garden planter –
   doesn’t it look amazing? It sits by another one of Debbie’s warm
   weather projects, her front door update with our Front Door Paint in
   the color Fortunate, a stunning lime green. Two inspirations are better
   than one! Tap the links above for the step-by-step how-to tutorials on
   both.

   Mix Metallic Paints for a gorgeous, layered look on a mirror frame!
   She's a Hot Mess used Modern Masters for her quick DIY update!

   Mirror frames are one of the easies (and fastest!) updates you can do
   with our Metallic Paints. She’s a Hot Mess mixed Copper Penny, Teal,
   and Black Pearl Metallic Paint to create a lovely layered look for her
   old mirror redo. So pretty!

   We hope you’ve enjoyed these four creative ideas for DIY projects you
   can try at home. Keep us posted on your projects by tagging us on
   social media or sending them in to projects@modernmasters.com. Stay
   inspired!

   Posted in Inspiration, Metal Effects, Metallic Paint Collection,
   Products, Projects | Tagged diy summer projects, home decor projects,
   metal effects, metallic paint collection

Easy Front Door Updates

   Posted on July 28, 2018 by Modern Masters

   The sun is shining, get-togethers are happening, and beautiful weather
   is in full swing! If your door has not been season ready, get set to
   see a few beautiful Front Door Paint projects that not only say hello
   to your guests in style, the fade resistant colors will last season
   after season.

   Beautiful blue front door | Classic and Modern | Modern Masters Front
   Door Paint in the color Peaceful blue | Summer Ready Door Ideas

   Brandie Bracy from Fresh Furniture Store used the color Peaceful to add
   a dose of modern chic to her home’s entrance. Love that pop of color
   against the clean, contemporary neutrals.

   Gorgeous red front door by Larnerd Hill | Modern Masters Front Door
   Paint in the color Sophisticated Red | Front Door Ideas for the Summer

   The beautiful red Sophisticated color added a dash of color and warmth
   to this beautiful traditional entrance. The project is by Larnerd Hill.

   Fresh and Welcoming White House Door | Project by Diapers and Decor |
   Modern Masters Front Door Paint with the ultimate fade resistance |
   Color: Hopeful white

   White Back Patio Door | Project by Diapers and Decor | Modern Masters
   Front Door Paint with the ultimate fade resistance | Color: Hopeful
   white

   Chrissy from Diapers and Decor wanted to update her back door with
   fresh white as it lead into the patio – and the color Hopeful did the
   trick beautifully. Who wouldn’t love to spend time here?

   Blue Front Door by Faux Time Design | Modern Masters Front Door Paint
   in the color Calm blue | Front Door Paint Ideas

   The color Calm is a rich blue that adds depth and interest to any
   entrance. Faux Time Design shared their updated blue front door that
   looks fantastic against the creams, browns, and brick paving.

   Isn’t it time to adore your front door? Learn more about our Front Door
   Paint with the ultimate fade resistance on our website and head over to
   find a local retailer! What seasonal Modern Masters projects do you
   have coming up?

   Posted in Front Door Paint, Inspiration, Products, Projects | Tagged
   blue front door, front door paint, red front door, white front door

Metallic Statement Ceilings

   Posted on July 20, 2018 by Modern Masters

   According to the Pinterest 100, addressing the fifth wall in your home
   – meaning, creating a statement ceiling – has seen a 310% increase in
   searches and saved pins. They say, “A statement ceiling can transform a
   room from the top down with bold paint, striking wallpaper or intricate
   texture.” For inspiration, we’ve compiled gorgeous Modern Masters
   projects where our Metallic Paint Collection, along with Metal Effects,
   Venetian Plaster, and more, have helped create the wow! factor.

   Stenciled Metallic Ceiling by artist Arlene McLouglin | Platinum
   Metallic Paint by Modern Masters

   Talented decorative artist Arlene McLoughlin used a custom stenciled
   pattern finish to mimic allover wallpaper with our Platinum Metallic
   Paint. Such a modern, chic look!

   Connie from Beautifaux layered Modern Masters Metallic Paint Collection
   and Venetian Plaster to add interest and depth to a beautiful coffered
   ceiling. | Statement Ceiling Ideas

   Connie from Beautifaux layered our Metallic Paint
   Collection and Venetian Plaster to add beautiful depth and interest to
   a unique inset ceiling.

   Stenciled Metallic Ceiling in Gold and Black by Billet Collins |
   Painted Statement Ceiling Ideas

   Billet Collins used Tintable Glaze and Pale Gold Metallic Paint to
   create a black and gold glazed and patterned ceiling to contrast with
   the neutral and light design elements in a guest bath. The interior
   design is by Kristie Haley of Design Envy.

   Ornamental Dome Ceilings by Decorative & Faux Finishes Studio in
   Houston, TX | Metallic Paint Collection by Modern Masters | Vinyl
   Stencil: Wallmasque Stencils | Statement Ceilings

   Decorative & Faux Finishes used our Metallic Paint Collection to paint
   and stencil these incredible ornamental dome ceilings. The vinyl
   stencils used are by Wallmasque.

   Handsome and masculine statement ceiling created by Heather Jozak |
   Modern Masters Metallic Paint and Metal Effects | Statement Ceiling
   Project Ideas

   This handsome silver and blue patina ceiling was created by Heather
   Jozak Studios in collaboration with designer Maura Buckley of Millburn
   ETC. The wonderful work was created with our Metallic Paint Collection
   and Metal Effects.

   Trompe L'oeil ceiling surrounding medallion created by artist Jeff
   Monsein of Splat Paint | Modern Masters Metallic Paint Collection |
   Statement Ceilings

   Artist Jeff Monsein of Splat Paint, who was recently featured in our
   Modern Mastery series, painted a ceiling medallion with our Metallic
   Paint Collection and then proceeded to ‘fill in’ the rest of the inset
   ceiling with a painted metallic trompe l’oeil mural to mimic a larger
   medallion. Incredible!

   Kitchen Ceiling with Champange Metallic Paint | Beautiful Interior
   Design by Michelle Erin Interiors | Modern Masters

   Sometimes, all you need is Champagne Metallic Paint to make a gorgeous
   statement! Michelle Erin Interiors used the color to enhance a Texas
   kitchen. She says in her blog post on the project, “Little touches like
   this are so fun to plan and then see come to life. You can’t go wrong
   with the Modern Masters Metallic Paint Collection!”.

   We hope this has inspired you to not reach for the white paint for your
   ceilings! It’s time to get creative and bring a finishing touch to any
   room in your home. For even more inspiration, head to our Painted and
   Patterned Ceilings board on our Pinterest. If you have statement
   ceilings you’ve created with Modern Masters, share them with us by
   tagging us or using the hashtag #ModernMasters.

   Posted in Inspiration, Metal Effects, Metallic Paint Collection,
   Products, Venetian Plaster

An Incredible Large Scale Public Art Mural by Artist Rah Crawford

   Posted on July 13, 2018 by Modern Masters

   We are Golden / Somos Oro 6 Story Mural in Bushwick by artist Rah
   Crawford | Modern Masters Metallic Paint Collection | Public Art
   Feature

   We recently came across an incredible project with our Metallic Paint
   Collection by artist Rah Crawford. Located in the ever-evolving
   Bushwick area of Brooklyn, 123 Melrose is a communal, interconnected
   residential space by ODA Architecture that encompasses gardens,
   walkways, and plazas to create a woven layout of streets in
   a historic old town core. To honor and support the vibrant local art
   scene, ODA and its related non-profit organization OPEN, have
   commissioned chosen artists to create the public art in the complex.
   Rah Crawford, who the NY Times has called “buoyant”, “optimistic”, and
   “exuberant”, was chosen to paint a 6-story mural facing the courtyard
   space.

   Building structure ready for a 6-story mural by Rah Crawford | Modern
   Masters Public Art Feature | Metallic Paint Collection

   The mural, set within a building complex along the floor hallways, is a
   permanent work of art at 54 Knoll Street, part of the Denizen
   Development. Crawford’s creative vision for the mural was to honor and
   showcase the spirit of the local community. Entitled We are Golden /
   Somos Oro, the symbolic silhouettes of Bushwick residents reside on a
   metallic gold surface. With this gold metallic, he was seeking to
   create a majestic symbol that celebrates all who contribute to the
   culturally rich and vibrant community. Below is the concept art created
   for the project.

   Concept art by Rah Crawford for the We are Gold / Somos Oros Mural in
   Denizen Development, Bushwick. The mural is 6 stories tall and is a
   large public feature. | Modern Masters Metallic Paint Collection
   feature

   He spent some time looking for the perfect paint and found it with
   Pharaoh’s Gold, a beautiful gold hue in our Metallic Paint Collection.
   He says, “The Pharaoh’s Gold Metallic Paint is truly amazing! The
   collection by Modern Masters helped me create a true masterpiece that
   will be enjoyed by an entire community for years to come!”

   Pharaoh's Gold Metallic Paint by Modern Masters | Large Scale Public
   Art Mural Feature by artist Rah Crawford | Modern Masters Cafe Blog

   Artist Rah Crawford painting We are Golden / Somos Oro, a 6 story tall
   mural in Bushwick, Brooklyn | Modern Masters Metallic Paint Collection

   Patterns and Metallic Paint colors being used in a large scale public
   art mural by artist Rah Crawford | Modern Masters Project Feature

   The Pharaoh’s Gold Metallic Paint was used as the base for the mural,
   and with over three coats for true brilliance, is the primary hue.
   Using a controlled color palette, the mural, spanning 6 stories, came
   to life with Crawford’s signature style. He frequently uses words and
   patterns to share visible and non-visible information within his
   artwork, and he encourages the viewer to look deeper at the artwork,
   discovering meanings and contextual information.

   Stunning 6 story mural by artist Rah Crawford. The large scale public
   art is entitled We are Golden / Somos Oro and uses Modern Masters
   Metallic Paints for brilliance and durability. | Modern Masters Cafe
   Blog Project Feature

   We hope you’ve enjoyed seeing this extraordinary large-scale public art
   project! To follow Rah Crawford, find him on Instagram and Twitter and
   see more of his artistry on his website. Head over to our Metallic
   Paint Collection page to learn more about our metallics and how they
   can enhance your extraordinary projects as well. Stay inspired!


   Posted in Inspiration, Metallic Paint Collection, Products, Projects

8 Gorgeous Painted Furniture Projects

   Posted on July 6, 2018 by Modern Masters

   Have old furniture that has seen better days? Refresh it! These 8
   amazing artists remade their furniture pieces with our Metallic Paint
   Collection and Metal Effects for an updated look that is both stunning
   and stylish.

   Beautiful painted dresser with Modern Masters Metallic Paint and a
   Cutting Edge Stencil | 8 Gorgeous Painted Furniture Projects

   Cutting Edge Stencils updated a painted modern black dresser and gave
   it Art Decor flair with their Lexington Craft Stencil and our Pale Gold
   Metallic Paint. Be sure to check out our recent painted and stenciled
   nursery collaboration.

   Modern Masters Copper Penny Metallic Paint and Anaglypta enhance a
   small side table - beautiful! | Project by Dressers and Jujubes | 8
   Gorgeous Painted Furniture Projects

   Copper Penny Metallic Paint and anaglypta paper add a stylish pop of
   shimmer and pattern to an otherwise plain side table. Absolutely lovely
   project by Dressers and Jujubes!

   Gray Gardens Design used both the Modern Masters Metal Effects Rust
   Patina and Olympic Gold Metallic Paint to make a beautiful statement on
   a painted bench | 8 Gorgeous Painted Furniture Projects

   Both our Metal Effects Rust Finish as well as Olympic Gold and Copper
   Metallic Paint add interest to a painted bench. The finish by Gray
   Gardens Design looks stunning against the bohemian pillows made with
   pieces from a Turkish kilim rug.

   Laura's Design Shop used a mix of neutral Modern Masters Metallic Paint
   colors to enhance a large buffet sideboard | 8 Gorgeous Painted
   Furniture Projects

   Champagne, Oyster, and Nickel Metallic Paint are combined to create a
   lustrous treatment on a wood sideboard and metal hardware. So gorgeous!
   The project is by the talented Laura Designs Shop.

   A handpainted tribal pattern was enhanced with Modern Masters Metallic
   Paints | Black White Gold | Project by Paintopia Studio | 8 Gorgeous
   Painted Furniture Projects | Black Dresser with Metallic Patterns

   Sometimes, just a small pop of metallic paint makes a statement!
   Paintopia Studio used Gold Rush Metallic Paint on this tribal inspired
   black and white painted dresser to provide a shimmery highlight.
   Beautiful!

   Modern Masters Metallic Paints underwent a cissing finish for this
   gorgeous paint effect on a dresser | Project by Linda Gale Boyles for
   Southern Inspirations | 8 Gorgeous Painted Furniture Projects

   Creating faux finishes over our Metallic Paints also creates a stunning
   look. Linda Gale Boyles of Southern Inspirations used a cissing process
   over our Metallic Paints for an elegantly aged look on a nightstand.
   It’s a classic and oh-so-modern finish.

   Metal Effects Patinas on the drawer fronts of a beautiful updated
   sideboard buffet | Project by Artistic Home Studio | 8 Gorgeous Painted
   Furniture Projects

   Both our Metal Effects Green Patina and Rust Finish were combined on
   the drawer fronts of a painted buffet to create a striking combination.
   Incredible project by Artistic Home Studio!

   Industrial Style Makeover for a Dresser | Modern Masters Metallic Paint
   Collection | Project by Pat Rios of The Wood Spa | 8 Gorgeous Painted
   Furniture Projects

   An industrial style finish with a polished feel with our Metallic
   Paints was the look Pat Rios of The Wood Spa was after for this tall
   boy dresser. Mission accomplished!

   We hope you’ve enjoyed these 8 painted furniture projects and are
   inspired by them. If you’d like to see more painted furniture pieces
   with our products, head over to our Furniture board on Pinterest. Find
   our products in your local shops by searching our Retailer Locator.
   Don’t forget to share your projects with us by tagging us on your
   favorite social site!

   Posted in Inspiration, Metal Effects, Metallic Paint Collection,
   Products, Projects | Tagged furniture with metallic paint, metal
   effects, painted furniture, patina and furniture, rust finish

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

Join the Discussion!

   Modern Masters Contact Modern Masters RSS Feed Modern Masters Facebook
   Modern Masters Twitter Modern Masters Pinterest Modern Masters YouTube
   Modern Masters Google Plus Modern Masters Instagram Follow Us on
   HomeTalk

Categories

     * How-to Tutorials
          + Christmas
          + Halloween
          + Thanksgiving
     * Inspiration
     * Modern Mastery
     * Press
     * Products
          + Dead Flat Varnish
          + Decorative Painter's Products
          + Front Door Paint
          + Glass Bead Gel
          + MasterClear® Protective Clear Topcoat
          + MasterClear® Supreme
          + Matte Metallics
          + Metal Effects
          + Metallic Paint Collection
          + Metallic Plaster
          + ShimmerStone
          + Texture Effects
          + Theme Paint
          + Venetian Plaster
          + Wildfire
     * Projects
     * Uncategorized

Explore

   Modern Masters Blogger Outreach Program Modern Masters Metal Effects
   Modern Masters Metallic Paint Modern Masters Recipe Cards for Great
   Finishes

  Archives

     * March 2019
     * August 2018
     * July 2018
     * June 2018
     * May 2018
     * April 2018
     * March 2018
     * February 2018
     * January 2018
     * December 2017
     * November 2017
     * October 2017
     * September 2017
     * June 2017
     * May 2017
     * April 2017
     * March 2017
     * February 2017
     * January 2017
     * December 2016
     * November 2016
     * October 2016
     * September 2016
     * August 2016
     * July 2016
     * June 2016
     * May 2016
     * April 2016
     * March 2016
     * February 2016
     * January 2016
     * December 2015
     * November 2015
     * October 2015
     * September 2015
     * August 2015
     * July 2015
     * June 2015
     * May 2015
     * April 2015
     * March 2015
     * February 2015
     * January 2015
     * December 2014
     * November 2014
     * October 2014
     * September 2014
     * August 2014
     * July 2014
     * June 2014
     * May 2014
     * April 2014
     * March 2014
     * February 2014
     * January 2014
     * December 2013
     * November 2013
     * October 2013
     * September 2013
     * August 2013
     * July 2013
     * June 2013
     * May 2013

   Search ____________________ Search

   © 2013-2018 ModernMastersCafe.com | Modern Masters, Inc. All rights
   reserved. | Toll Free 800.942.3166 | info@modernmasters.com

   About Us | Contact Us | Locate a Retailer | Technical Data |
