   #Startupland » Home Comments Feed

   A book about three guys who risked everything to turn an idea into a
   global business
   Order now

The real story of what it takes to risk it all and go for broke.

   Conventional wisdom says most startups need to be in Silicon Valley,
   started by young engineers around a sexy new idea, and backed by VC
   funding. But as Mikkel Svane reveals in Startupland, the story of
   founding Zendesk was anything but conventional.

   Founded in a Copenhagen loft by three thirty-something friends looking
   to break free from corporate doldrums, Zendesk Inc. is now one of the
   hottest enterprise software companies, still rapidly growing with
   customers in 150 countries. But its success was anything but
   predestined. With revealing stories both funny and frank, Mikkel shares
   how he and his friends bravely left secure jobs to start something on
   their own, how he almost went broke several times, how they picked up
   themselves and their families to travel across the world to California
   and the unknown, and how the three friends were miraculously still
   together for Zendesk’s IPO and (still growing) success.
   Read the preview Now Available in Chinese
   [the-book.jpg]

   [the-chickens.jpg]

EXCERPT FROM CHAPTER 6: COMING TO AMERICA

   “

   Once again, the final negotiations happened at the chicken farm. All of
   the paperwork was expected to go through before mid-night, but it got
   delayed and conversations dragged out the whole night.

   I didn’t sleep, but it didn’t matter. The next day we drove down to the
   beach at the western side of the peninsula for a barbeque lunch. The
   weather was fantastic, we were eating new Danish potatoes directly off
   the grill, and the kids were running around butt naked playing on the
   shoreline.

   My father-in-law asked me about what happened the night before. I tried
   to explain the $6 million investment, but I couldn’t make it make
   sense.

   “How much again?” he asked. He was clearly excited about the big
   number, but also completely perplexed by the nature of the deal.

   To him, it was so abstract. The world of the Internet is surreal to
   someone whose work is so grounded in the practical arts of keeping
   animals. All of his life he got up at 5 a.m. and went to bed at 11 p.m.
   and worked every hour in between. There was a fixed correlation with
   how hard you worked and how much money you made. And it was very
   physical.

   My work was so different. We worked from anywhere in front of our
   laptops and connected to people all over the world. There was no
   physical product to hold or ship, but people, smart people, just
   invested crazy amounts of money into it. Perhaps the only thing that
   made sense about it was that it didn’t make a whole lot of sense.

   ”

   [logo-techcrunch.png]

EXCERPT FROM STARTUPLAND

   “

   After we closed the seed round, we publicly celebrated with a press
   release, which Christoph sent to his network in Silicon Valley and San
   Francisco. He pitched it to various tech blogs, most notably GigaOM and
   TechCrunch. GigaOM got back to us pretty quickly and asked for an
   exclusive. We were thrilled. Om Malik did the interview himself. Then,
   right before it ran, TechCrunch reached out.

   “We want to run this story. Give us the details.”

   Christoph wrote back, “You didn’t respond, so we gave the story to Om
   Malik.”

   That kick-started an exchange with Michael Arrington that had me
   shaking in my sneakers.

   “Don’t ever email me again,” Arrington wrote.

   I tried to step in and smooth things over between Christoph and
   Arrington, emailing some funny remarks. They were no better received.

   “Take me off your email list,” Arrington responded. “This is not a
   joke. Don’t ever call me again.”

   I was profoundly worried. TechCrunch was the mother ship of everything
   startup—I needed for us to be anointed by it, not annihilated! I was
   not well prepared for this game. Sitting in Alex’s kitchen, I had to
   admit that I had no idea what I was doing.

   “Oh my god, Michael Arrington just blackballed us from Silicon Valley,”
   I announced.

   The only consolation was that later, Om Malik did publish a nice post.
   “It’s not sexy, like some social networks, but it is useful and fully
   featured,” he wrote of us. “Zendesk would fall into our ‘small really
   is beautiful’ category of startups.”

   It wasn’t a total disaster.

   ”

     * "Mikkel Svane’s Startupland is a refreshingly honest and
       provocative account of his journey building Zendesk, complete with
       the hard choices, unexpected turns, and sheer terrors involved in
       running a startup. Svane blends practical advice with deeply
       personal reflections on the company, the industry, and Silicon
       Valley as a whole. A must-read for aspiring entrepreneurs."
       __
       Aaron Levie, cofounder and CEO, Box
     * "Mikkel Svane is a great founder who wrote a great book about some
       of the not-so-great moments throughout his entrepreneurial
       escapades. With honesty, humor, and humility, Startupland shows
       what it’s really like."
       __
       Paddy Cosgrave, founder, the Web Summit and Founders
     * "I read Startupland over one weekend. I laughed, I cried, and
       mostly I was so happy I was on the other side. Mikkel Svane knows
       what it’s like and tells it as it is. A must-read."
       __
       Julia Hartz, cofounder and president, Eventbrite, Inc.
     * "Startupland is a refreshingly honest and humble inside look from
       Mikkel Svane, a Silicon Valley outsider. Startup founders will want
       to keep it as a reference for whenever things aren’t going
       according to plan (which is all the time)."
       __
       Ben Chestnut, cofounder and CEO, MailChimp
     * "Few people have the courage to leave their country and safety,
       even fewer end up with any real success, and hardly anyone is
       willing to share the real story in an honest and humorous way;
       Mikkel Svane did all of that. Startupland is bound to inspire you
       and have great impact on your life!"
       __
       Lars Dalgaard, general partner, Andreessen Horowitz, and founder
       and CEO, SuccessFactors

Choose your preferred retailer

     * Amazon
     * Barnes & Noble
     * Books-A-Million
     * Wiley
     * APPLE iBOOKS

About the authors

Mikkel Svane

   Mikkel Svane is founder, chairman, and CEO of Zendesk, Inc. (ZEN), a
   global software company with a beautifully simple web-based customer
   service desk, loved by tens of thousands of organizations in 150
   countries including Uber, Adobe, and Pinterest. He lives in San
   Francisco with his wife and children.

   For more information, please visit zendesk.com.
    Follow mikkel

Carlye Adler

   Carlye Adler is an award-winning journalist and coauthor of several
   bestselling books. Her books have been translated into a dozen
   languages. She lives in New York.

   For more information, please visit carlyeadler.com.

Start building your startup

   Qualifying startups can get one year free of Zendesk and start building
   closer relationships with their customers.
   Join the Zendesk Startup Program

   [zendesk-product-logo.svg]

   Zendesk builds software for better customer service.
   
