   Link to USGS home page.
   USGS HOME
   Contact USGS
   Search VHP Search
   Volcano Hazards Program
   Facebook Icon Twitter Icon
     * [Kilauea___________________________]
     * Assess
     * Prepare
     * Forecast
     * |
     * Activity
     * Products
     * Observatories
     * About

     * Volcano Updates
     * Monitoring
     * Hazards
     * Education
     * Multimedia

   Kilauea
   Hawaiian Volcano Observatory
     * Current Alerts
     * Geology & History
          + 2008-2018
          + 1983-2018 Pu‘u ‘Ō‘ō
          + 1969-1974 Mauna Ulu
          + 1960 Kapoho
          + 1959 Kīlauea Iki
          + 1955 Lower Puna
          + 1924 Halema‘uma‘u
     * Monitoring
          + Deformation Data
          + Data - Past Week
          + Data - Past Month
          + Data - Past Year
          + Data - Past 5 years
     * Multimedia
          + Photo Chronology
          + Webcams
          + Maps
          + Videos
          + Image Galleries
     * Publications

Kīlauea Volcano Erupts in Explosive and Effusive Cycles

   Kīlauea Volcano is a shield volcano located on the eastern slope of
   Mauna Loa Volcano on the Island of Hawai‘i. The volcano is considered
   to be in the shield-building stage of Hawaiian volcanism.

   There is a lack of old exposed rock at Kīlauea, which makes it
   difficult for geologists to piece together its complete eruption
   history. Only about 10 percent of Kīlauea's surface consists of rock
   older than 1,000 years. The other 90 percent of the volcano's surface
   is covered by lava flows younger than 1,000 years, and about 20 percent
   of those flows are less than 200 years old. The Hilina Basalt
   formation, exposed in Hilina fault scarps on Kīlauea's central south
   flank, includes the oldest lava flows found above sea level, which
   erupted around 50,000 to 70,000 years ago.

   Older rocks have been recovered from Kīlauea's submarine slopes and
   drill cores, providing some clues to the volcano's origin. Estimates
   for the age of Kīlauea's first-erupted lavas continue to evolve as more
   samples are collected and various dating methods are used. Current
   research indicates the first alkali-basalt lava flows erupted onto the
   ocean floor between 210,000 and 280,000 years ago, and the volcano
   transitioned from its pre-shield to shield-building stage about 155,000
   years ago.

Geologic mapping and dating of Kīlauea's surface tells of cyclic eruption
styles

   Long periods of explosive (tephra-dominated) and effusive
   (lava-flow-dominated) activity have alternated at Kīlauea for the past
   2,500 years. Scientists infer that the eruption style is determined by
   the amount of magma being supplied to the volcano. When magma supply is
   high, the summit caldera fills and feeds voluminous lava flows from
   summit and rift zone vents. When the magma supply drops, the caldera
   collapses. When the caldera floor is deep enough to be at or near the
   water table (about 500 m (1640 ft) deeper than present), water can seep
   into the vent to trigger steam explosions. Eventually magma supply
   increases, and effusive eruptions dominate as many lava flows fill the
   caldera and erupt from the rift zones.

   Prolonged periods of explosive eruptions at Kīlauea may require the
   presence of a caldera to sustain them. Scientists estimate that during
   Kīlauea's past 2,500 years a deep caldera has existed about 60 percent
   of the time, which included two long periods of sporadic violent
   explosions. One lasted 1,200 years, ending in about 1000 CE; the other
   lasted 300 years, between about 1500 and 1800 CE.

Caldera collapse 2,200 years ago ushered in 1,200 years of explosive
eruptions

   Since Kīlauea's surface is dominantly covered by young deposits, only
   the eruption record of the past 2,500 years is suitably well-known.
   Effusive lava flows were the norm until about 2,200 years ago, when the
   Powers caldera formed—the precursor to the present-day summit caldera.
   The caldera collapsed to a depth of at least 620 m (2030 ft), where
   magma and external water interacted to trigger powerful phreatomagmatic
   (water plus magma) eruptions. Numerous explosive eruptions lasted for a
   period of about 1,200 years, producing the Uwekahuna tephra. Sometime
   between 850 and 950 CE, the most powerful explosive eruption known to
   have occurred from Kīlauea sent rocks weighing 4.4 kg (9.7 lbs) at
   least 5 km (3 mi) from the summit. Golf ball-sized rocks fell at the
   coast, 18 km (11 mi) away.

Lava Flows from 1000 to 1500 CE built the Observatory shield and ‘Ailā‘au
flow

   Lava flows finally began to erupt again about 1,000 years ago, breaking
   the 1,200-year-long interval dominated by explosive eruptions. Lava
   completely filled the summit caldera, then overflowed to form a new
   shield—the Observatory shield—in place of the caldera. Flows spilled
   into the surrounding forest, which had grown during the previous
   centuries, and lava also erupted frequently along the volcano's east
   and southwest rift zones. Some archaeologists think people first
   arrived on the island in the beginning half of the 13th century, 200 to
   250 years after the Observatory shield started to form.

   Construction of the shield ended around the year 1400 CE. Soon after,
   lava erupted from a vent on the east side of the shield near the
   present-day Thurston lava tube (Nāhuku). This effusive eruption lasted
   for about 60 years, the longest-lasting lava flow witnessed by human
   inhabitants in Hawai‘i. Known as the ‘Ailā‘au flow, it covered much of
   Kīlauea, from the summit to the coast on the north side of the East
   Rift Zone, with some lava spilling southward to the modern Keauhou
   Landing.

Caldera formation marks transition from effusive to explosive phase

   The present-day Kīlauea caldera formed by collapse just after the
   ‘Ailā‘au eruption ended (about 1470 CE) and before the Keanakāko‘i
   eruptions began (about 1510 CE). The caldera floor dropped to a depth
   of about 600 m (1970 ft), with diameters of 3.5 km (2.2 mi) by 3 km
   (1.9 mi), which is estimated to be a collapse volume of 4 to 6 km^3 (1
   to 1.4 mi^3). Traditional Hawaiian chants suggest that Hi‘iaka, a
   sister of the volcano deity Pele, dug a deep caldera after the ‘Ailā‘au
   eruption. This oral tradition describes the caldera's formation by a
   dramatic collapse of the volcano's summit area.

   So, how did the caldera form? To trigger a collapse, material must be
   removed from the magma reservoir within the volcano, creating a void
   into which the overlying rocks fall. The volume of lava erupted during
   the 60-year ‘Ailā‘au eruption matches the inferred caldera collapse
   volume. Perhaps incremental collapses occurred as the magma storage
   region gradually emptied, then eventually led to a final large collapse
   as described in Hawaiian chants. It is possible that toward the end of
   the ‘Ailā‘au eruption, the dwindling magma supply failed to replenish
   the magma storage system, which collapsed as it emptied.

Kīlauea's most recent explosive period lasted 300 years

   Towering lava fountains, likely more than 600 m (2,000 ft) high, roared
   from Kīlauea caldera just after it formed and began 300 years of
   explosive eruptions that ended in the early 19th century. During that
   time, at least four strong explosive eruptions sent tephra high into
   the jet stream, with ash falling over a broad area east and offshore of
   the volcano. This eruptive period blanketed the summit area with an
   11-m- (35-ft-) thick deposit known as the Keanakāko‘i tephra.

   Near the end of this explosive period in 1790, a series of explosive
   eruptions sent searing pyroclastic surges at least 3.5 km (2.1 mi) down
   the west side of the summit area. This was the deadliest eruption known
   from a U.S. volcano (but at the time, it was the Hawaiian Kingdom).
   Several hundred (and perhaps more than a few thousand) people were
   killed within a few hundred meters of where the Hawaiian Volcano
   Observatory and the National Park's Jaggar Museum are located today.
   The unfortunate victims died as a result of the hot, ash-rich surge
   that both suffocated and burned them.


Current effusive period has lasted about 200 years, but it will switch back
again

   Only a few lava flows were erupted during the 300 years of explosive
   activity, but that changed in 1823, when the volcano reverted to an
   effusive interval that continues to this day. Since then, Kīlauea's
   summit caldera has been slowly filling with lava flows, and, at a depth
   of 120 m (400 ft) today, much shallower than its past depth of at least
   600 m (2000 ft). In addition to summit eruptions, numerous lava
   fountains and lava flows have issued from vents along the volcano's
   southwest and east rift zones.

   The first explosive eruption on the volcano since the early 19th
   century took place in 1924 within Halema‘uma‘u Crater on the floor of
   Kīlauea's summit caldera. The eruption occurred days after the active
   lava lake drained away, with the magma probably intruding into the
   volcano's East Rift Zone. For 17 days, rocks, ash, and dust erupted in
   dramatic clouds rising from the crater. Rocks weighing many tons were
   hurled as far as a kilometer (0.6 mi) from the crater.  There was some
   subsidence within Halema‘uma‘u, but the caldera did not deepen
   appreciably. Within two months, lava reappeared in the crater and above
   the level of the water table, which inhibited additional large steam
   explosions. Although the period of explosive eruptions was brief and
   violent, they were small compared to those between 1500 and 1800.

   Having pieced together the recent geologic past of Kīlauea, scientists
   conclude that the volcano will eventually return to a long period of
   mostly explosive activity, just as it did around 1500 CE. This future
   explosive period will probably accompany a significant decrease in the
   magma supply rate and be initiated by collapse of a new caldera to the
   depth of the water table, which today is about 615 m (2015 ft) below
   the present high point on the caldera rim. For now, effusive eruptions
   dominate Kīlauea.
   Contact Us | Accessibility | FOIA | Privacy | Policies and Notices |
   U.S. Department of the Interior | U.S. Geological Survey | USAGov
   Page modified: 2016-08-05 12:37:04
