   #simply chic. » Feed simply chic. » Comments Feed simply chic.
   WordPress.com

simply chic.

   Skip to content
     * Home
     * About
     * Contact
     * Seen Elsewhere
     * Shop My Art
     * Thrift Tips

   ← Older posts
   January 17, 2017 · 4:18 pm

nursery transformation + tour.

   then-and-now3

   This post is long overdue! I actually took the majority of these photos
   at the tail-end of my maternity leave with hopes of getting this post
   up before October, but lo and behold, here I am 3 months later typing
   these words… Better late than never, huh? At least I got around to
   posting about the DIY driftwood mobile!

   The “then” pics you see in the adjacent photos are from when our home
   was listed on the market back in 2012. Up until we found we were
   expecting, the room was a dismal space used for occasional guests and
   storing the hubby’s clothes (read about how we created a walk-in closet
   in our bedroom to mend this issue).

   then-and-now-2

   Prior to now, I had never put much effort into this room knowing full
   well that it would eventually be a nursery, and guests tend to use our
   basement bedroom anyways since it has an attached bathroom and is a
   little more private. The room was comprised of my old bed from college,
   two side tables, and a chair. In fact, it was such a ‘blah’ spot in the
   house that I never even took the time to take a photo of it. After
   letting it sit in that state for almost four years, transforming it
   into a nursery turned out to be even more gratifying than I anticipated
   and it ended up being the perfect space for our baby Fern.

   So without further ado, here’s the grand tour:

   nursery tour

   I initially struggled with a “vision” for the room. I knew I wanted to
   use neutral shades and take notes from nature, but that was about it. I
   also knew what I didn’t want — a set “theme.” Think of it this way:
   your baby doesn’t start forming its own opinions for what it wants in
   its room for quite some time, so my No. 1 piece of advice for designing
   a nursery is to make a space you as the parent will enjoy since you’ll
   be spending a lot of time in there.

   After finding out I was having a girl, the creative wheels started
   turning.

   DIY driftwood mobile

   I started with making a driftwood mobile. That, combined with subtle
   floral curtains, set the tone for the whole room. I also took a lot of
   inspiration from other nurseries that I found via Pinterest. View my
   fave picks here.

   nursery tour

   One of my favorite things in the nursery is the faux board and batten
   on the focal wall. I used a similar process to what I did in the
   basement guest bathroom. This was a super easy (and affordable) way to
   up the charm factor in the space and make it feel more custom.

   nursery gallery wall

   I created this gallery wall using a variety of frames and items
   collected over time from thrift stores and garage sales. For the “f”
   wall art, I simply traced a stencil onto a mini canvas square and
   painted it black. The two botanical prints are made with pieces of
   nature I found in my backyard that I simply pressed into the glass. The
   “bloom where you are planted” print is actually a .99 greeting card
   from Trader Joe’s. And what would a nursery be without a framed
   sonogram pic?

   wall art

   I was particularly drawn to this thrift store find because of its
   poeticness, and it just so happened to fit my yellow/gray color scheme
   and was yet another ode to nature. Score!

   nursery tour

   Sources from this space: The antique window + washboard are from a
   cousin’s farm; The vintage globe is from my grandpa; The book holder is
   a $3.99 spice rack from IKEA (all books were found via garage/rummage
   sales); The rocker was a $10 garage sale purchase (we painted the wood
   white and threw a Target throw over the cushions), The rug is from
   Hobby Lobby which I scored for 50% off; The side table was a purchase
   made several years ago from Home Goods; The floor lamp was a wedding
   gift via Target that was previously in the living room; The rattan IKEA
   ottoman was a Goodwill find.

   nursery tour

   Sources from this space: The vintage ladder was $20 from a flea market
   and the blankets hanging on it were gifts; The antlers were from a
   consignment store (I currently have this teething necklace I received
   as a gift handing on it); The armoire is IKEA and was left behind
   by the previous homeowners (it’s currently being used to store clothing
   items that are too big for Fern); The stitched lullaby art was from my
   nursery when I was a baby; The laundry basket is from Home Goods.

   closet then and now

   The closet got a fresh coat of paint and I screwed a shoe holder onto
   the interior of the door to store baby shoes, socks, tights, headbands,
   etc. I also added a 4-cube shelf organizer from Target for
   added storage of books and toys. The old suitcase holds extra blankets
   and bed linens.

   nursery closet

   fern embroidery

   I had a local artist make this fern embroidery. Also, PSA for all new
   parents: dimmer switches are strongly recommended for the nursery (and
   mom & dad’s room)! They are super easy to install and prevent the need
   to blast a bright light when changing a 3 a.m. diaper, which is not fun
   for anyone.

   nursery tour

   I got the changing table for $15 from a garage sale and outfitted it
   with quatrefoil contact paper that matches the rug under the rocker.
   Eventually I’d like to replace the changing table with a cool vintage
   dresser, but I have yet to come across one I like.

   The little door to the right of the changing table is a storage space
   that I can already see becoming a cool hideaway fortress for Fern.

   nursery wall art

   These shelves ($2.49/ea at Goodwill) were an ugly blue shade, so I
   painted them white and gave them a slightly distressed finish. It
   should come as no surprise that the majority of what you see on or
   surrounding them also came from a thrift store or garage sale, hehe!
   However, the butterfly print and faux plant at the top were IKEA
   purchases.

   nursery reading nook

   This DIY built-in reading nook is my favorite part of the room! After
   admiring all the quaint nooks I had pinned to my Pinterest board, I
   decided the nursery would be the perfect spot to install one. It was
   simple — we just anchored three pieces of custom cut 2×4 to the wall
   and topped it with wooden planks that we stained an espresso brown
   color to match the blinds.

   The swagged light fixture was a $2.50 thrift store find back when I was
   in college. The repurposed chalkboard on the left is made from
   a vintage crib headboard that I bought for $10 from a garage sale. (I
   made chalkboards out of the headboard and footboard and a picture
   display from the crib spring which now hangs in our eat-in kitchen
   area).

   chicken feeders as book holders

   The books are stored in old chicken feeders that I picked up for $10 at
   a local antique shop. Fern’s book collection is made up a lot of
   vintage editions and classics that I am on the constant look out for at
   garage sales and thrift stores.

   butterfly wall decor

   These wooden butterflies were a thrift store find. I see these all the
   time at Goodwill!

   nursery reading nook

   So cozy!

   light fixture update

   The ceiling light fixture was in major need of an update so I went with
   this industrial-feeling one I found online from Home Depot.

   Other items to note:
     * We had new carpet installed to match the carpet in our bedroom
       across the hall which also got a mega makeover during the walk-in
       closet project (an ‘after’ of that part of the room as yet to be
       posted). I wanted to keep the hardwood floors, but aside from the
       fact that they were extremely scratched up and would need to be
       refinished, there were areas that were missing chunks of wood and
       filled in with cement, so the easier option was just to get
       matching carpet in both bedrooms on that floor and make them
       cohesive. We also have poor insulation upstairs so the carpet helps
       with the warmth factor in the winter.
     * New paint color. I went with a light and neutral shade to give the
       room a fresh feel. The color is called ‘Stony Path‘ and is from the
       Valspar Hydrochroma line which is low odor and zero VOC. It’s a
       light gray with subtle blue undertones.

   nursery tour

   Thanks for reading!
   Advertisements

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   1 Comment

   Filed under DIY, House & Home

   Tagged as baby girl room, feminine nursery, neutral nursery, nursery,
   room makeover, thrifty nursery
   July 24, 2016 · 2:06 pm

DIY driftwood mobile.

   diy driftwood mobile

   I have yet to post the nursery belonging to our new arrival, but in the
   meantime I thought I’d show you the nature-inspired mobile I made for
   the room for right around $10!

   Last summer I collected a few cool pieces of driftwood from my friend’s
   lake house knowing eventually I’d find a way to incorporate them into
   my home, one way or another. Fast forward to the fall when I found out
   I was expecting and diligently began collecting nursery inspiration via
   Pinterest.

   I loved the idea of featuring bits of nature throughout the room and
   knew the driftwood would finally come in handy!

   Here are some of the ideas I had in mind:

   nature-inspired mobiles DIY nature-inspired mobiles

   Sources: 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7

   I knew right away which of my driftwood pieces I wanted to use, so the
   first step was hanging it from the ceiling. I did so using ceiling hook
   anchors and clear fishing line. The next step was figuring out what I
   wanted to hang from it! I originally thought I’d do a mix of feathers
   and fabric snippets, but then I came across this wind chime from Hobby
   Lobby for 50% off (so $8) that featured metal leaves which I thought
   would be a perfect fit for the look I was after. I took the leaves off
   the wind chime and hung them from the driftwood with some twine I had
   on hand.

   DIY driftwood mobile

   DIY driftwood mobile

   Voila – DIY driftwood mobile! Being that the driftwood was free and I
   already had the twine + fishing line, the only cost was the wind chime
   and ceiling anchors, bringing the total cost to just over $10.

   DIY driftwood mobile

   DIY driftwood mobile

   On the topic of driftwood, a few of my other favorite DIYs include
   towel holder, clothes holder, candleholder, curtain rod.

   Stay tuned for the full nursery tour soon! (see a few sneak peeks on my
   Instagram or Facebook)

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Leave a comment

   Filed under DIY, House & Home

   Tagged as DIY mobile, driftwood mobile, feather mobile, nature inspired
   mobile, nature-themed nursery
   July 5, 2016 · 12:58 pm

partial wall knockdown: creating better flow.

   Hey all! Today’s post is showcasing a partial wall knockdown we tackled
   earlier this spring around the same time as the DIY walk-in closet
   project.

   Our house is older (late 60s) and has a bit of a choppy layout,
   consequently making it so rooms don’t have the best flow between one
   another.  You saw a few years back we made our first attempt at solving
   the issue with this partial wall knockdown directly across from the
   wall that I am talking about today. That helped quite a bit, but I knew
   the wall across the way would have to be opened up as well to really
   achieve the “open concept” I was after (without tackling a full-blown
   remodel, that is!)

   For reference, here’s how the space looked before we moved in with how
   the previous homeowners had it set up:

   kitchen-area2

   And here’s how it looks now that the wall has been knocked down:

   wall knockdown ^view from the eat-in kitchen

   wall knockdown ^view from the dining/living room

   Here’s how this project went down…

   After analyzing the wall, we decided to hire the project out to a local
   contractor. This was for a few reasons — 1) we didn’t know if the wall
   was load-bearing (turns out it was), 2) there were outlets on each side
   of the wall, meaning electrical was going to be running behind the
   wall, and 3) from the exposed studs in our basement utility room we
   could clearly see pipes running up into that portion of the wall, so we
   knew there was more than likely going to be some re-routing of plumbing
   pipes involved. All three of those factors made DIYing this wall
   project not an option.Sometimes leaving it to the pros is the way to
   go!

   before and after ^view from coming in the back entry

   From the above pictures, you can get a general idea of the demo
   process. After exposing the studs behind the wall, a header was put it
   in and both electrical and plumbing were re-routed off to the right.
   Once the drywall was up, it was mudded and taped. It’s also worth
   mentioning that because we were taking part of a wall down and using a
   licensed contractor, our city rules state that we had to have a smoke
   detector hard-wired into the space which you can see in some of the
   photos below. In addition, we also had to have a lead test due to the
   age of the house (thankfully we we had no issues there!) While these
   were added costs we weren’t initially anticipating (welcome to home
   remodeling 101), they were safety precautions that were necessary and
   worth the cost in the long run.

   The last part taken on by the contractor was installing the trim along
   with a ledge made to exactly match the one in our kitchen, making the
   two ledges feel cohesive. To cut costs, we opted to tackle the painting
   portion which was the very last step of the project. And for a “cherry
   on the top,” I added an old metal corbel to the right hand corner of
   the opening to add some character that I picked up from Dwell, one of
   my favorite local shops.

   Now let’s take a look at the “after!” Here are some photos of the space
   in its newly open glory:

   2016-07-04 08.53.32 (800x596) ^view from the kitchen

   eat-in kitchen ^ view from the hallway

   eat-in kitchen

   eat-in kitchen

   living space ^ view from living room

   dining room ^view from dining room

   It’s amazing how much more open the connecting spaces feel from
   knocking down a relatively small chunk of wall. It’s also been an added
   bonus to have so much extra light be let into the dining/living space
   from the windows in eat-in kitchen area.

   For fun, here’s a look at what the eat-in kitchen area looked like
   shortly after we moved in compared to today (click to enlarge):

   before and after

   The main changes include fresh paint, the two wall knock-downs on each
   side of the space, the addition of blinds, a new light
   fixture + ceiling medallion, and the fun “accessories” such as my DIY
   chalkboard window, DIY ‘market’ sign, and DIY key/coat hook.

   Other sources from this space — IKEA island (no longer available, but
   here’s their most similar one currently for sale), IKEA clock, IKEA
   plate shelf, Target 3-tier metal shelving.

   I realize I have yet to provide an update of the actual kitchen’s
   facelift we tackled that took place last August (almost a year ago
   already — what happened to the time?!) which included an install of new
   floors (out with the chippy beehive-style tile, in with dark and classy
   bamboo) as well as new appliances. So hopefully I can get around to
   posting that update soon along with the nursery reveal!

   Until next time!

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Leave a comment

   Filed under DIY, House & Home

   Tagged as creating flow between rooms, kitchen construction, wall
   knockdown
   June 17, 2016 · 3:44 pm

deck makeover.

   Hey all! I’m slowly but surely getting around to showing you some of
   the bigger projects we’ve completed around the house the past several
   months. (Check out the “small closet turned master walk-in closet”
   project here in case you missed it.)

   Today I’m showing you our recent deck transformation! (View previous
   deck updates here)

   deck before

   A few years back we stained our deck with Behr’s weather-proofing deck
   stain. It looked pretty good for about a month, but it unfortunately
   didn’t take long for it to start wearing/peeling off (it actually
   happened so fast that I never even captured a decent picture of what
   the fresh stain looked like before it started coming off!)

   We are not sure if it’s because it was simply bad stain or we did a
   poor job with proper prep prior to applying it (or both?), but either
   way, we knew the next time around we were going to hire it out to avoid
   the chance of it happening again. In addition to the discoloration on
   the deck, there were several boards closest to the house that were
   rotting and in need of replacement.

   I did some inspiration-seeking on Pinterest and opted to go with a
   two-toned paint look rather than your typical stain. (See a few
   examples I liked here — 1, 2, 3). I figured it would give the deck a
   more custom look and also be easier for making touch-ups down the road.

   Once I had a concrete idea of what I wanted, I hired a local business
   to do the honors! (If you’re in the Rochester area, check out Sean
   Krudwig Remodeling!) Sean power-washed, sanded, replaced 80 ft. of
   rotted boards, and painted two coats of white on the rails as well as
   two coats of gray on the base, and all within 4 days. While I am all
   for DIY-ing most projects, the combination of being pregnant (avoiding
   fumes) and the thought of painting all those spindles (yet again) made
   hiring this particular project out a no-brainer.

   deck - before and after

   deck - before and after 2

   deck - after

   deck - after2

   Once all the painting was done, it was time for the fun part — the
   finishing touches! I had the hubs cut, paint & reinstall our
   trellis/lattice panels along the back of the deck to match the
   newly-painted white rail. We also added back our tiki torches, outdoor
   hanging lights, and some hanging plants + deck planters. Lastly, I
   decided the space was lacking color so we painted the back door red to
   match our front door for a pop! I love how it turned out.

   Here are a few more “after” pictures:

   deck planter - herb garden

   Our herb garden is doing great!

   deck - after

   The ground cover I planted in this space is really thriving. I had to
   transplant the other items I previously had in this spot because of how
   much it was taking over. (You can see what this little area used to
   look like when it was just filled with landscape rock and got a
   much-needed garden upgrade.) For $10, I also replaced the lattice that
   you see there with a white plastic piece cut to size. The previous
   strip was wood and no longer matched the deck colors, plus it was
   starting to fall apart.

   deck - after

   outdoor entertaining

   outdoor space

   outdoor entertaining

   outdoor entertaining

   outdoor space

   The deck went from being an eyesore to a place people actually want to
   hang out!

   Down the soon-ish road I’d like to swap out our current high-top dining
   set for built-in benches and an actual dining table to be able to a)
   add storage and b) seat more than four people (see inspiration below).
   But that’s for another day ;)

   inspiration {find sources for above photos from my Pinterest board}

   Until next time!

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   3 Comments

   Filed under DIY, House & Home

   Tagged as deck makeover, DIY, outdoor dining, outdoor entertaining,
   painted deck
   May 3, 2016 · 1:33 pm

DIY walk-in closet.

   closet makeover in at home magazine

   Hey everyone! Today I’m talking about one of our recent home projects
   that was featured in this month’s issue of At Home Magazine: the making
   of a walk-in closet in our home’s master bedroom!

   closet makeover snapshot

   Let’s start from the beginning…

   The master bedroom in our home is fairly large. A dream for most
   homeowners, right? Well, that’s not always the case. For us, the issue
   was that the room being so large presented a lot of unused space yet
   didn’t solve our need for a larger closet. (Check out this old blog
   post to get an idea of the space).

   closet before

   For the three (almost four) years we’ve been living in our house,  I
   used the small-ish closet in the master (pictured above) combined with
   a dresser placed in a different part of the room, while my husband used
   the closet in the guest room across the hall to store his clothes. But
   with a baby on the way who would be taking over that closet, I knew we
   needed to address the situation sooner rather than later. The first
   option was for me to heavily pare down my wardrobe to make room for the
   hubby’s clothes. (What fun is that?!) Instead, I had a better idea…

   closet before

   What if we demolished the current closet, built a wall to close off
   that part of the room, and ultimately created a full blown
   WALK-IN  closet? My husband thought I was crazy and pointed out that by
   building a wall we’d be blocking a window in the room. My solution?
   Simply have the opening be directly in front of the window and use a
   door that had a glass pane on top to let light shine through. He
   couldn’t argue with that and started coming around to the idea. And
   thus the project began…!

   closet makeover steps

   The first step was to demo the existing closet, rip up the carpet, and
   start with a clean slate of space.

   The second step was to build the frame for the closet followed by
   hanging drywall. To save money, we tackled all the above DIY style and
   enlisted the help of a fellow DIY-savvy friend. (Thanks, Ryan!)

   closet makeover progress

   From there, we hired a few professionals to do the mudding, taping,
   (this included scraping and refinishing the ugly cracked popcorn
   ceiling) as well as installing electrical (two LED ceiling lights + a
   dimmer switch). These weren’t costs we anticipated at the start of the
   project, but they were well worth the investment in the end.

   damaged floors

   After that, it was back to DIY. We took on the painting, trim install,
   laminate floor install (the plan was to keep the original wood flooring
   we found underneath the carpet but it was damaged beyond repair — see
   photo above), closet system configuration and install, and finally the
   door install.

   sliding closet door

   sliding closet door

   The door was an original storm door on my grandpa’s house that had been
   used as yard décor in my mom’s garden. She was generous enough to give
   it to us knowing it was just what we were after. We gave it a good
   cleaning, cut it to size, painted it, and hung it on sliding door
   tracks that we bought off of Amazon — luckily these are much cheaper
   now than they were a year or two ago! (Psst — you can see the other DIY
   sliding door in our house here.)

   closet after

   closet after

   closet after

   The last part of the project came down to organizing and accessorizing.
   To make things orderly and easy-to-find, I opted for a variety of bins
   and baskets rounded up from around the house, DIY chalkboard labels and
   matching no-slip hangers that were on sale at Costco ($8 for a 35
   pack!) Adding a rug, floor mirror and an assortment of décor items I
   already had on hand completed the project.

   closet after

   closet after

   closet after

   closet after

   The bedroom is now better suited for our needs and we have more closet
   space than we know what to do with!

   Side note: Shortly after we wrapped up this project, I saw interior
   designer Tera Janelle had completed an almost identical walk-in closet
   project for one of her clients. It’s crazy how similar it is! Check it
   out here.

   SOURCES:
     * Laminate floor: Home Depot
     * Closet system: Easy Closets
     * 8-cube cubby organizer: Target
     * 2-drawer stackable floor organizer: garage sale find + added wheels
       (find it at Menard’s)
     * Baskets + bins: from Target, Home Goods, garage sales
     * Closet door: vintage, gifted
     * Sliding door hardware: Amazon
     * Paint color: Herringbone by Valspar
     * Mirror: Home Goods
     * Black non-slip hangers: Costco
     * Shag rug: Target
     * 2-bag laundry sorter: Amazon
     * ‘Oh la la’ wall art: Hobby Lobby
     * Necklace holder: garage sale

   Check back soon for my next post featuring how this closet project
   changed the layout of the rest our bedroom!

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Leave a comment

   Filed under DIY, House & Home

   Tagged as closet makeover, closet organization, walk in closet
   February 14, 2016 · 10:20 am

updates & things.

   Fireplace mantel - Feb. 2016
   Helping mom with curb appeal
   Kitchen tile demo - Aug. 2016
   Building a walk-in closet.
   New door knobs + painted hinges
   Splurge vs Save - At Home Magazine Feb. 2016
   Basement paint swatches. Out with teal, in with olive!

   This has definitely been the “year of projects” at the Caban casa which
   has been making for lots of fun and exciting changes around our home.
   The issue? I haven’t been updating this blog with the deets! Once one
   project ends, a new one begins, or so it seems anyways. And who has
   time to document it all when you’re knee-deep in a DIY?! It also
   doesn’t help that my laptop copped out recently…

   So rather than put each project posts out one by one, for now I am
   going to give a brief overview of what’s been done and what’s currently
   going on (you can see a few snapshots above, but I have more detailed
   pictured posts coming soon).

   Here it goes:

   You saw some of the summer projects I tackled here which included a
   fire pit makeover, installing [the start of] a stone path along the
   side of the house + an arbor, adding patio lights, sprucing up the
   garage door with some hardware, and making a DIY nautical wreath for
   the front door. There were also some other things that weren’t
   documented like a few landscape updates and new house numbers.

   Other projecty/DIY things that took place in the last few months or so:
     * Install of a new Energy Star AC (not very exciting but yay for
       energy savings!) as well as a Nest thermostat (read more about the
       Nest over on the Young House Love blog, which is where I first
       learned about it).
     * New bath + shower installed on second level. This was definitely
       not a planned project, nor a cheap one, but a crack in the tub made
       this a “need to take care of NOW” project that we hired out to
       ReBath.
     * New black matte door knobs installed (see here) on the main floor
       to replace the antique brass lever ones that our dog could open. Up
       next is the bedrooms + bathroom on the second level.
     * New paint in the basement. When we first moved in I painted the
       room a teal color (see that here) but later decided it wasn’t the
       best choice (for my taste) in that room. I opted for a more
       earthy-tone and painted it a subtle olive green in the shade ‘Curly
       Willow’ by Behr.
     * Kitchen makeover, part 3! Installation of new flooring +
       appliances. You can see my past kitchen projects here & here.
     * A few new light fixtures installed: eat-in kitchen (brushed nickel
       warehouse pendant), main floor bathroom (allen + roth 2-light
       hainsbrook standard vanity light), master bedroom closet (LED
       ceiling flush mount light).
     * At the tail end of fall I helped my mom with some curb appeal
       projects. This included installing the same garage door hardware I
       used for my house, plus picking out custom shutters & a gable vent
       to spruce up the house’s facade (see a snapshot here). She has a
       few other projects she’d like me to help with this spring that
       includes replacing the house numbers for a more modern option,
       adding window boxes, and possible opting for a new front door
       color.

   Current projects:
     * For the past month now we’ve been making updates to the master
       bedroom. What started out as a “simple DIY closet expansion” one
       weekend has since turned into a full-blown room makeover with new
       flooring, lighting, scraped ceiling, a new furniture arrangement,
       etc. The end is finally in sight with this project and in the
       meantime, you can follow updates on my Facebook page!
     * Organization nation. I’ve been on an organizing kick since the
       start of the New Year. This entails getting rid of things that
       aren’t serving a purpose and making it so everything has a place.
       Some of the areas tackled so far include the pantry, bathroom
       vanities + medicine cabinets, the linen closet, bedroom closet,
       plus more. (Side note — I have yet to read the Marie Kondo book
       about the “KonMari” method of organizing, but would definitely like
       to in the near future! Have you read it?)
     * I am now writing monthly features for Rochester’s At Home Magazine.
       You can view the recent ones I’ve done here:
          + Splurge vs. Save: Modern Farmhouse
          + Splurge vs. Save: Industrial Decor
          + I DIY’d it! – p. 22

   Upcoming projects:
     * See this wall right here? Well it’s coming down. Partially,
       anyways. To make the feel of our kitchen + dining space in the
       adjoining room more ‘open concept,’ we’ve elected to do a partial
       wall-knockdown from above the chair rail. Since the wall is
       load-bearing and likely has electric + plumbing running behind it
       (wah, wah, wah), we’re hiring this one out to the pros.
     * Project nursery. That’s right — a baby will be in the mix soon
       (July 2016), so transforming one of our guests bedrooms into a
       nursery will be next on the to-do list.

   So that’s my latest project recap in a nutshell. I look forward to
   updating you with some detailed photo posts soon. Until then, however,
   follow my Facebook page for updates as that outlet gets posted to much
   more often than the blog.

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Leave a comment

   Filed under House & Home

   Tagged as DIY, home improvement, home remodel, home updates

   September 30, 2015 · 5:44 pm

pumpkin chocolate chip muffins (vegan).

   pumpkin chocolate chip muffins

   It’s fall which means all things pumpkin have made their way to
   the local grocery stores and coffee shops, and — if you’re like me — it
   has even invaded your kitchen, too!

   Today I’m sharing a recipe I am loving that would be perfect for a fall
   potluck or just to have for a grab-n-go breakfast around the house. The
   whole wheat flour gives the muffins heartiness and the coconut sugar
   plus chocolate chips give them a perfectly balanced sweetness.

   pumpkin chocolate chip muffins (vegan)

   Makes approx. 15 muffins

   Ingredients — always use organic ingredients when possible!
     * 1 ½ cups whole wheat flour
     * 1 can pureed pumpkin
     * 1 ½ cups coconut palm sugar
     * ¼ cup coconut oil, melted
     * 1 Tbs ground flaxseed
     * 1 Tbs pumpkin pie spice
     * 1 tsp cinnamon
     * 1 tsp baking powder
     * 1 tsp baking soda
     * ½ cup vegan chocolate chips

   Directions:

   Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, mix together the
   pumpkin, sugar, ground flaxseed, melted coconut oil and spices. Slowly
   add the flour, baking soda and baking powder while stirring. Add the
   chocolate chips last. Pour mixture into prepared muffin pan lined with
   cupcake liners and bake for 15-20 minutes, or until a toothpick comes
   out clean.

   Enjoy!

   NOTES: You could use a different sweetener (maple syrup, agave, or cane
   sugar) in place of the coconut palm sugar, but I opted to use coconut
   for this reason:

   According to Dr. Andrew Weil, “Coconut sugar is 70 to 79 percent
   sucrose and only three percent to nine percent each of fructose and
   glucose. This is an advantage, because you want to keep your
   consumption of fructose as low as possible, and cane sugar is 50
   percent fructose.”

   Coconut sugar has a taste similar to that of brown sugar and can be
   substituted for cane sugar in most recipes. Find it at your local
   Trader Joe’s, Whole Foods, or co-op.

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   1 Comment

   Filed under Recipes

   Tagged as fall baked goods, fall desserts, healthy fall muffin, pumpkin
   chocolate chip muffins, vegan muffins, vegan pumpkin muffins

   September 13, 2015 · 9:48 am

fire pit makeover + other DIY outdoor projects.

   It’s been since March since I last posted?! How did that happen? I
   gotta hand it to all those bloggers out there who are able to carve out
   the time to make multiple posts each week, or just once/week for that
   matter. I certainly am not one of them — (read more about that here).
   But to that note — I do make a point to update my Facebook and
   Instagram relatively frequently, so if you want any “Simply Chic”
   updates, I encourage you to follow me there!

   Anyway, with fall on its way, I figured I’d better take the time to
   highlight a few of my outdoor projects from the summer before snow is
   falling and they’re a distant memory.

   before and after fire pit

   First up is the outdoor fire pit! This wasn’t really a planned project,
   I just got impulsive one day and decided it needed a makeover. The fire
   pit was so rusted that ashes would fall out of the bottom and the
   cinder blocks surrounding the pit were noticeably uneven.

   firepit before

   I decided to start from scratch so I tossed the fire pit and removed
   all the rock and cinder blocks. (This was no easy feat!)

   fire pit makeover progress

   After I removed the pit, rocks and cinder blocks, I decided to widen
   out the area surrounding the pit to make it slightly larger.

   DIY fire pit - after

   I purchased a galvanized fire ring from Menards (I figure this won’t be
   as susceptible to rust like the one we had before) along with some pea
   gravel and used larger rocks found in the gardens around my yard to
   create the new fire pit. A few hours later and ta-dah — we had a new
   outdoor fire pit! All in all, the project only costed me the fire ring
   and a few bags of pea gravel, bringing the total cost to right around
   $50.

   What do you think of the transformation?

   —-

   So while I’m here, let me show you a few snap shots of other projects I
   tackled this summer:

   arbor

   While I was at Menards getting the needed supplies for the fire pit
   makeover, I spotted this arbor that was on sale plus had a $40 mail-in
   rebate. I’d been wanting to get an arbor for the side of the house for
   quite some time, but all of them seemed to be around $200 which I
   wasn’t willing to spend. With the sale and rebate, this particular one
   came to only $50, so I pulled the trigger!

   I had acquired some flagstone rocks that I used to start a pathway that
   will eventually go along the whole side of the house. I also plan to
   grow a clematis up the side of the arbor. One step at a time!

   nautical wreath

   Not too long ago I bought a pretty beaten-up wooden ship wheel from
   Goodwill for about $3 that had a bunch of corny beach-themed stuff hot
   glued onto it — something like this — but worse. I knew it could become
   something cool so I snatched it up. I pulled off all the attachments,
   sanded it down and spray painted it. Lastly, I wrapped some twine
   around the outer part and viola — a nautical summer door wreath!

   DIY outdoor patio lights

   If you follow me on Facebook, you might have seen that I’d been talking
   about wanting to string patio lights on my deck. The only issue was I
   couldn’t figure how I was going to attach them to the side of the deck
   where the railing only goes a few feet up. I searched my Pinterest
   board and found this tutorial that gave me the idea of simply attaching
   long wooden lattice pieces to the side of deck and adding a some eye
   hooks to string the lights through. (You could put the wooden poles
   into the centers of planters like they did in the tutorial, but I
   didn’t want to clutter my already-narrow deck so I opted to screw them
   into the deck rail). So with the two boxes of string lights I got on
   sale at Target plus the wood pieces and eye hooks, this project came in
   at right around $25.

   You can view a few of the other changes we’ve made to the deck HERE.
   Next up is a new coat of deck stain or paint (the one we went with last
   year had been peeling off, ergh) and possibly DIY built-in pallet
   seating in place of the dining set. Check out this example!

   adding garage door hardware

   Last but not least, I purchased a garage door hardware kit from Home
   Depot to add a little somethin’-somethin’ to the look of our garage.
   For a mere $19 plus 15 minutes of my time, this gave the garage door a
   major upgrade and custom feel. This is a great solution for any one
   looking for cheap + easy ways to enhance their curb appeal!

   So there you have it — a roundup of some of the main outdoor projects I
   tackled this summer! Would you consider adding any of these projects to
   your to-do list next year? I’d love to know!

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   1 Comment

   Filed under DIY, House & Home

   Tagged as adding garage door hardware, arbor install, DIY fire pit, DIY
   outdoor patio lights, DIY rock pathway, nautical wreath, outdoor summer
   projects, ship wheel wreath

   March 27, 2015 · 7:00 am

closet clean-out & DIY shoe shelves.

   Is anyone else in spring-cleaning mode? In the last month or so I’ve
   been on a mission to tackle a lot of the projects I’ve been putting off
   far too long,  primarily the ones that are easy to ignore because
   guests of the house don’t see them, i.e. behind closet doors, cabinets,
   etc.

   I realized I’ve done quite a few “big” projects and room makeovers
   around the house, so it was finally time I start tackling the smaller,
   not-so-fun guys. Exhibit A: our front coat closet.

   coat closet before The only thing this coat closet had going for it was
   the matching wooden hangers (thanks, IKEA), but it lacked organization
   and functionality. The walls were still sporting the sponge paint from
   when we moved in (see more of that repulsive paint here or here), shoes
   were always falling off the rack, the hanging shoe organizer was dirty
   and falling apart, and the shelf in the closet was too high for there
   to be a large enough clearance to get anything on top of it without
   spending five minutes shimmying it up there.

   coat closet makeover

   The first thing I did was take absolutely everything out and gave the
   close a fresh coat of paint to match the predominant color that we used
   throughout the house.

   From there I re-installed the upper shelf and coat rod, but hung it
   slightly lower so that there would be a larger clearance to easily fit
   bins up top.

   DIY shoe shelves

   After seeing this awesome closet makeover, I decided the best way to
   house all of our shoes was to make built-in shelves.  This was super
   easy and something I would recommend for anyone with a similar closet
   layout. I bought two long boards at Lowe’s, had them cut to the size I
   needed, and gave them a few coats of paint. While the shelves hold
   quite a few shoes, there still wasn’t room for all my flats (what can I
   say, I have a thing for shoes!), so I purchased a new shoe hanger to
   store the ones that didn’t fit on the built-ins.

   DIY chalkboard labels

   Lastly, I made chalkboard labels for the up-top storage bins to
   store out-of-season shoes and winter apparel. To make the labels, I
   taped off a section on wood planks from the craft store and painted
   them with chalkboard paint. I then hot glued them to these plastic
   crates I had bought on clearance at Target.

   coat closet makeover

   The one thing I have yet to do for this space is to install a row of
   hooks (something like this) along the left inside wall to hang things
   like backpacks, purses and umbrellas. I like packing as much storage
   and organization capability into a space as possible because a) it only
   makes keeping the house tidy easier, and b) it helps the home’s resale
   value.

   What do you think of the transformation? Is this a project you’d
   consider tackling in your own home? I’m not going to lie… this
   particular closet clean-out now has me wanting to do a revamp of all
   the closets in the house…

   Stay tuned for more spring cleaning and DIY projects!

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Leave a comment

   Filed under DIY, House & Home

   Tagged as built-in shoe shelves, coat closet, coat storage, DIY closet
   makeover, shoe storage, spring cleaning

   March 23, 2015 · 8:30 am

basement living room before + after.

   Hi friends! I thought I’d take this lazy Sunday to show you a room
   makeover, as well as a mini gallery wall project I finished a few
   months back, which you saw a sneak peek over on my Facebook last week.

   But let me give you a bit of background on this room first…

   When we moved into our house, the basement was considered “finished,”
   but you’d never guess it by looking at the cold cement floors (covered
   with accent rugs), stark white walls and the surplus of cobwebs, not to
   mention all of previous home owners’ furniture and decor that wasn’t
   living up to the room’s potential.

   Within the first week of moving in, we did a cleaning overhaul, threw
   some some color up on one of the walls for a pop, and had carpet
   installed from Lowe’s. The next phase was finding furniture that best
   fit the space (there’s already been some changes, including the coffee
   table switch-out which you saw here, and a chair swap which you’ll see
   below), and my favorite — adding in decor!

   So are you ready to see how this space has transformed? Take a look!

   BEFORE (MLS listing) PICS:

   basement3 basement2    basement1 basement4

   PROGRESS PICS:

   029 002   024 026

   Above shows what the room looked like a few months after we moved in.
   It was definitely an improvement from the ‘before’ state, but it still
   didn’t have that “finished” feeling and I soon realized a few of my
   furnishing choices (i.e. bulky coffee table and swivel tub chair)
   weren’t helping any. Fast-forward to today…

   NOW PICS:

   basement

   You already saw ^this picture^ from the trunk makeover post, but I went
   ahead and took some of the other sides of the room so you could see the
   full monty.

   basement

   basement bar

basement

   ^cafe curtains disguise the electronic storage area and the ‘LOVE’ wall
   art conceals the electric panel.

   reading nook

   ^need an ottoman? turn a wicker basket or wooden crate upside down and
   add a pillow!

   The main goal for this space was to make it a hang out area
   which people actually want to hang out in, unlike before. This was
   achieved by giving warmth to the room with a simple carpet install,
   adding floor-length curtains (despite the small windows), making it
   feel homey with the right use of furniture and decor, and of course —
   adding in the “fun” hang-out features, i.e. a bar, mounted TV and
   surround sound.

   As you probably could’ve guessed, I’m not calling this room “complete”
   by any means because there will always be an impending project just
   waiting to happen… Some ideas include painting the cabinetry below the
   TV, giving the countertop some sort of treatment (cement, perhaps?),
   and/or changing the accent wall to a new color. I’ll keep you posted!

   Check back again soon!

Share this:

     * Email
     * Tweet
     *
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     * Print
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Leave a comment

   Filed under House & Home

   Tagged as basement living room, DIY gallery wall

   ← Older posts

     * Hi, I'm Jeanette. Welcome to my lifestyle blog where I talk about
       everything from health & wellness to design & decor.
     * Search
       Search for: ____________________ Search
     *

     * Instagram
       Why can't all weekends be three days long? ☀️🌱❤
       Ain't that the truth? ~ Found via my afternoon work walk in
       downtown #rochmn today 😊
       A quintessential summer day ☀️
       The playroom is clean, so clearly it deserved documentation because
       it will only last five minutes. Hi, bye.
       I had so much fun designing a "big girl" room for Fern that I'm
       already scheming plans for when the time comes to change up
       Rosemary's nursery... did I mention she's not even 1 yet? 🤣
       I scored a handful of great garage sale finds today, but I think
       this teepee takes the cake! Fern agrees. 🙌
       A clean kid's room equals a happy mom. Scratch that! -- A clean ANY
       room equals a happy mom 😝
       Spotted: a garden princess 🌱👗
       One my favorite springtime garden sightings 🌿
     * E-mail Subscription
       Enter your email address to receive notifications of new SimplyChic
       blog posts by email.
       ____________________
       (BUTTON) Sign me up!
     * Categories
          + Beauty (15)
          + Eco-friendly (23)
          + Fashion (33)
               o My Outfits (23)
          + Health & Wellness (23)
               o Recipes (13)
          + House & Home (79)
               o DIY (42)
               o Gardening (6)
               o Urban Homesteading (4)
          + Loving Lately (4)
          + Miscellaneous (9)
          + Money Saver (15)
          + Reviews (17)
          + Thrift Hauls (1)
          + Wedding (8)
     * Top Posts & Pages
          + a breath of fresh air.
            a breath of fresh air.
          + why i'm breaking up with Clif.
            why i'm breaking up with Clif.
          + monday musing: colored pants.
            monday musing: colored pants.
          + how i've repurposed old window panes.
            how i've repurposed old window panes.
          + trend to try: blunt bangs
            trend to try: blunt bangs
          + green up your act. green up your act.
          + cozy in cashmere. cozy in cashmere.
          + DIY industrial sliding door.
            DIY industrial sliding door.
     * Archives Archives [Select Month_______]
       Advertisements

   simply chic. ·
   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________
   loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   Close and accept Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By
   continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
   To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie
   Policy

   IFRAME: likes-master

   %d bloggers like this:
