   #Ads.txt for Blogger and Squarespace Sites alternate alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WTLMQT

   [logo-she-media.svg] LOG IN

     * Our Brands
     * Our Communities
     * Advertise
     * #BlogHer19
     * News
     * Team
     * Careers
     * Contact
     * LOG IN

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

SHEKNOWS AD SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY


   AD SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY
   Effective May 23, 2018

   TABLE OF CONTENTS
    1. Introduction
    2. Applicability
    3. Information We Collect
    4. How We Use And Share the Information Collected
    5. Legal Grounds for Using (Processing) Your Information
    6. Data Subject Rights & Your Choices
    7. Retention of Your Information
    8. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
    9. Third Party Sites.
   10. Security
   11. Transfer Information to the United States.
   12. Changes to This Ad Services Privacy Policy.
   13. Disputes; No Rights of Third Parties.
   14. Contact Us: Data Privacy Officer.

   1. Introduction.

   This ad services privacy policy (“Ad Services Privacy Policy”) explains
   the data protection practices of SK Media Group, LLC (collectively,
   “SKM“, “we” and “us”) when you visit or use the SKM publisher network
   websites, mobile-optimized version of such websites, and digital
   applications that integrate certain SKM technology or onto which SKM
   serves advertisements (collectively, “Publisher Network Websites“).

   For information about the data protection practices when you visit
   SKM’s own websites or digital application such as SheKnows.com, please
   visit the Penske Media Corporation Privacy Policy here.

   For the purposes of data protection laws, SKM is the data controller.

   If you do not agree to this Ad Services Privacy Policy, you must
   discontinue using the Publisher Network Websites and all services and
   features therein.  By using the Publisher Network Websites, you
   acknowledge you have read and understand this Ad Services Privacy
   Policy.

   2. Applicability
    a. This Ad Services Privacy Policy applies solely to SKM’s and its
       third party ad service vendors’ and advertisers’ (“collectively,
       “SKM Entities”) delivery of advertisements on the Publisher Network
       Websites, and applies whenever and however you access or use the
       Publisher Network Websites, whether via personal computers, mobile
       devices or other devices (each a “Device”). “Publisher Network
       Websites” includes all subdomains of Publisher Network Websites.
    b. The Publisher Network Websites are subject to additional or
       different privacy policies, which are posted on the Publisher
       Network Website. Please visit each Publisher Network Website for
       additional privacy policies and terms and conditions related to
       your privacy.

   3. Information We Collect
    a. Information Automatically Collected As You Access and Use the
       Publisher Network Websites

   To provide you with advertisements that are more customized to your
   interests, the SKM Entities may use a variety of technologies
   (including cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts)
   (“Cookies”) that automatically or passively collect information when
   you visit or interact with the Publisher Network Websites and the
   advertisements we serve on the Publisher Network Websites.

   We (and our partners or vendors) may collect this information the first
   time you interact with a Publisher Network Website that uses our ad
   services, and we may combine and associate this information with
   information we (or our partners) may collect about your interactions
   with other ads we serve.

   The information we collect includes:
     * Browser and Device information such as your IP address, the type of
       web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you
       are using; device type and model, manufacturer, operating system
       type and version, time zone, general location inferred from IP
       address, and identifiers assigned to a device, such as its iOS
       Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), Android/Google Advertising ID
       (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (typically an
       alphanumeric string allocated to a device by the device
       manufacturer, identifiers stored in a our cookie, ETag, or browser
       or web cache). Your IP address is usually associated with the place
       from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service
       Provider, your company or your library. We use your IP address and
       other identifiers for a variety of purposes, including to help
       diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic
       information, and other purposes as allowed or required by law.
     * Information about your interactions on our Publisher Network
       Websites such as information about the activities or actions on
       those Publisher Network Websites, the content viewed on the
       Publisher Network Websites, the URL that referred you to the
       Publisher Network Websites and all of the areas within the
       Publisher Network Websites that you visit, the web sites you visit
       after the Publisher Network Website;
     * SKM ad information, such as the content of the ad (what the ad is
       about, e.g. entertainment, news); the ad type (e.g. text, image, or
       video); where the ad is served (e.g. the website on which the ad
       appears); whether you clicked on the ad, the number of times you
       have seen the ad, and information about your interaction with the
       ad.

   We may combine information gathered from your use of the Publisher
   Network Websites with information from third party sources to identify
   your location by state and region.

   For more information, see “Cookies” below.

   Geolocation Information. With your consent, certain SK Entities may
   collect and use your geolocation to provide you with information about
   goods and services within your geographic location or implement other
   functionality such as to serve targeted advertising. By using such
   service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of
   your geolocation information as described.
    b. Information We Collect From Third Parties.

   We may acquire information from other trusted sources to update or
   supplement the information that you provided or we collected
   automatically, such as information to validate or update your
   demographic information and lifestyle information. We use this
   information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we
   collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of
   products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal
   business analysis or other business purposes. We may also acquire
   information from other sources about your visits over time and across
   other third party web sites, in order to serve more targeted
   advertising to you on the Publisher Network Website(s). Those third
   parties have privacy policies that differ from this Ad Services Privacy
   Policy.

   4. How We Use Your Information

   We use the information we collect for a variety of business purposes.
   For example, we use the information we collect for the following
   purposes:
    a. Serving and Customizing Advertising: We use the information in
       connection with serving advertising on the Publisher Network
       Websites, including to provide ads that are targeted to your
       inferred interests based on your activities across Publisher
       Network Websites. This may include creating interest-based
       advertising segments or audiences, as well as to supplement the
       information we collect with additional information we receive from
       third parties to allow us to tailor the ads we display.
    b. Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping: To
       create and provide information regarding ad activity, including
       whether ads are clicked on, tracking views of ads, as well as
       click-through rates, to prevent you from seeing the same ad too
       many times, and to measure and improve our ad serving services.
    c. Fraud Detection and Prevention and Security: To identify invalid ad
       impressions, clicks, installs, or ad queries, protect us and our
       Publisher Network Websites from fraud, and protect our services.
    d. Service Support and Improvement: To improve our ad services, to
       improve navigation and display, and to ensure that our services
       function properly.
    e. Marketing: Subject to applicable law, we may combine and use any
       and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise,
       including from third parties, for marketing purposes. Unless we
       expressly notify you otherwise at the time of collection, we also
       may disclose information that we receive from you and from third
       party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by
       this privacy statement (e.g. other marketers, retailers, and
       participatory databases) that want to market products or services
       to you. This includes licensing information about your interests
       and activities and marketing segments created with such data to
       third parties for the their marketing purposes
    f. Anonymous Information: To create aggregated, anonymized information
       about you and other users of the Publisher Network Websites by
       excluding information (such as your name) that relate to an
       identifiable individual (“Anonymous Information”). We may use this
       Anonymous Information for any purpose permitted under the law and
       disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole
       discretion.
    g. Cross-Device Tracking: We may use cookies in combination with the
       information we collect — for instance, IP addresses and unique
       mobile device identifiers — to locate or try to locate the same
       unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as
       smartphones or tablets), or work with service providers that do
       this, in order to save your preferences across devices and analyze
       usage of the Publisher Network Websites.

   How We Share Your Information

   In addition to the other disclosures described in this Ad Services
   Privacy Policy, SKM may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose
   information collected from and about you on the Publisher Network
   Websites to other companies or individuals as set forth below.  We may
   provide access to information to vendors that are performing services
   on our behalf, in order to carry out such services (the “Service
   Provider Use”).
    h. Affiliates: We may transfer your information to other SKM offices
       and affiliates for internal management and administrative purposes
       on our behalf.
    i. Administrative and Legal Reasons: Notwithstanding anything herein
       to the contrary, we may at all times and in any manner access, use,
       preserve, transfer and disclose your information, including
       disclosure to third parties: (i) to satisfy any applicable law,
       regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process, or
       in connection with a legal investigation, if in our good faith
       opinion such is required or permitted by law; (ii) to protect
       and/or defend the SKM Terms of Use, including investigation of
       potential violations thereof; (iii) to protect the safety, rights,
       property or security of the SK Entities, their products or
       services; and/or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address
       fraud, security or technical issues. Further, we may use
       identifiers and other information to identify users, and may do so
       in cooperation with third parties such as copyright owners,
       internet service providers, wireless service providers and/or law
       enforcement agencies, including disclosing such information to
       third parties, all in our discretion (the “Legal Use”). Such
       disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
    j. Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets: In connection with a sale,
       merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of
       assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy) of all or a
       portion of the business conducted by SKM, in which case the company
       will possess the information collected by us and will assume the
       rights and obligations regarding your information as described in
       this Ad Services Privacy Policy (the “Acquisition Use”).

   5. Legal Grounds for Using (Processing) Your Information

   If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis
   for collecting and using the information described above will depend on
   the information concerned and the context in which we collect it.

   We collect information from you:
     * where we need it to perform our contract with you;
     * where the processing is in our legitimate interests, provided that
       these aren't overridden by your interests or rights (such as
       personalizing our services and marketing for example); or
     * if we otherwise have your consent.

   If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
   legal basis on which we collect and use your information, please
   contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Us”
   section below.

   Third Party Advertising Partners

   In addition to ads that we serve you directly, SKM may use third party
   advertising companies and to serve ads when you visit the Publisher
   Network Websites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media. We
   also use analytics services supported by third party companies to
   perform analytics and track trends. Those third party companies may use
   tracking technologies to collect and store usage information about you
   and may combine this information with information they collect from
   other sources.

   To provide ads on the Publisher Network Websites, we use a variety of
   third party advertising service providers, including networks, data
   exchanges, ad servers, analytics providers and others. The list of
   third party providers is found in the Section below entitled “Third
   Party Cookies” here. This list may be updated from time to time. These
   third parties may use technology to send, directly to your Device, the
   advertisements and links that appear on the Publisher Network Websites.
   They may automatically receive your IP address, web browser, operating
   system, and time and location information, geodevice type and device ID
   when this happens. SKM, the third party service providers, as well as
   the advertisers themselves, may collect and use information about your
   visits over time and across the Publisher Network Websites and other
   third party web sites, as well as information received from other
   sources, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the
   Publisher Network Websites. Third parties may also use information
   gathered from your usage of the Publisher Network Websites to serve
   targeted advertisements to you on third party websites and
   applications. Google is one of the companies that we use to serve
   advertising and perform analytics on some of the Websites. We and third
   party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the
   Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the
   DoubleClick cookie) together to help implement the above uses of your
   information.

   We also use Google Analytics along with audience data (such as age,
   gender and interests of users) to help understand users’ visits to the
   Websites and to optimize the content that we serve to users.

   Your Choices about Ads and Analytics.

   To learn more about how to manage your preferences regarding our
   cookie-based advertising, please see the “Cookie Management” section in
   our Cookie Notice below.

   Please note that you may still receive advertisements from third
   parties within the Publisher Network Websites even if you opt out of
   tailored advertising but they will not be based on your activity across
   unrelated web sites or apps.

   Do Not Track.  SKM does not act on “do not track” requests from your
   browser because, this way, we are able to personalize your experiences
   on the Publisher Network Websites. For more information, go
   to http://www.networkadvertising.org or http://www.aboutads.info.

   6. Data Subject Rights & Your Choices

   Subject to certain local laws, you have certain rights with respect to
   your information as further described in this section.
    a. Your Legal Rights: If you would like further information in
       relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to
       exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in
       the “Contact Us” section below at any time. Your local laws may
       permit you to request that we:
          + provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we have
            about you;
          + prevent the processing of your information for
            direct-marketing purposes;
          + update information which is out of date or incorrect;
          + delete certain information which we have about you;
          + restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your
            information;
          + transfer your information to a third party provider of
            services; and
          + revoke your consent for the processing of your information.

   We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time
   period stated by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from
   such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to
   keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to
   comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with
   information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to
   your request.
    b. California Users: Your California Privacy Rights.We do not disclose
       personal information as identified under California Civil Code
       sections 1798.83-1798.84, with third parties for those third
       parties’ direct marketing purposes.

   7. Retention of Your Information. We keep your information for no
   longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The
   length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes
   for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with
   applicable laws.

   8. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. We use and allow certain
   other companies to use certain tracking technologies, including
   cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies (collectively,
   “Cookies”) on the Publisher Network Websites. This section (“Cookie
   Notice”) explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as
   well as your rights to control our use of them.

   What are Cookies?

   Cookies are text files that contain a certain amount of information and
   are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a
   website. They are useful because they allow websites to recognize a
   user's device. They are then returned to the original website on each
   subsequent visit or to any other website that recognizes them. For more
   information on cookies, go to www.allaboutcookies.org.

   The term "Cookie" is used in this Notice in the broad sense to include
   all similar techniques and technology, including web beacons and log
   files. For more information on these additional tools, see our glossary
   below.

   Types of Information We Collect

   Cookies help us to understand Publisher Network Website usage and to
   improve the advertising content and offerings on the Publisher Network
   Websites. Examples of the types of information that we collect through
   Cookies include:
     * The number of users visiting Publisher Network Websites, the number
       of times a Publisher Network Website was viewed, the pages or ads
       viewed, the clicks made on the Publisher Network Websites or ads
       and the total duration of navigation on the Publisher Network
       Websites;
     * The name of the page that referred you to the Publisher Network
       Websites;
     * Whether this is your first time visiting the Publisher Network
       Websites;
     * Your viewing preferences (e.g. layout, sizing preferences, language
       etc.); and
     * The type of browser used and your IP address, so that we can
       identify you during your next visits.

   How We Use Cookies

   Examples of ways that we use Cookies include:
     * To control the display of ads;
     * To track usage patterns on the Publisher Network Websites; and
     * To personalize information.

   SKM (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use
   cookies to collect aggregate information about Website users on an
   anonymous basis (“Anonymous Information”). We may share aggregate
   demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual
   business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business
   purpose.

   Types of Cookies We Use on Our Publisher Network Websites

   We use Cookies for several reasons. Some Cookies also enable us to
   track and target the interests of our users and to enhance the
   experience on our Publisher Network Websites. Third parties also serve
   Cookies through the Publisher Network Websites for advertising,
   analytics and other purposes. The specific types of Cookies served
   through our Publisher Network Websites and the functions they perform
   are described in more detail below.

   Functional Cookies: These cookies allow us to remember choices you make
   on our websites (such as your preferred language or the region you are
   in). To refuse these Cookies, please follow the instructions below
   under the section Cookie Management. Note that by disabling functional
   cookies, you may not be able to use some of our features or those
   features may not function properly.

   Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is
   designed to collect information about your interactions with the
   Publisher Network Websites, such as the links you click on. The code is
   temporarily downloaded onto your computer or other device, is active
   only while you are connected to the Publisher Network Websites, and is
   deactivated or deleted thereafter.

   Cross-Device Cookies: SKM may use cookies in combination with the
   information we collect — for instance, IP addresses and unique mobile
   device identifiers — to locate or try to locate the same unique users
   across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones or tablets),
   or work with service providers that do this, in order to save your
   preferences across devices and analyze usage of the Publisher Network
   Websites. To refuse these Cookies, you may install the Google Analytics
   Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here.

   We and our third party partners (including advertisers) may set and
   access Cookies on your computer as well. We do not have control over
   how third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the
   information derived therefrom, and this Ad Services Privacy Policy does
   not cover any use of information that such third parties may have
   collected from you or the methods used by the third-parties to collect
   that information. These types of cookies include:

   Advertising Cookies

   These Cookies, defined exclusively by third parties, collect several
   types of data about your browsing habits, as well as your preferences
   for products and services. This information allows SKM to serve you
   relevant advertisements on our Publisher Network Websites. To refuse
   these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the section
   Cookie Management. Some advertisements may also contain an icon that
   you may click on to find out more about how to manage your advertising
   preferences.

   As of the Effective Date above, the third party partners may include
   the following. These vendors and this list may be updated from time to
   time:

   Ad Servers

   DCM
   Sizmek
   Celtra
   Flashtalking
   Atlas
   Clipcentric

   Tracking Vendors

   Nielsen
   Integral Ad Science (IAS)
   Double Verify
   Moat
   Innovid
   Millward Brown Digital
   Placed
   Bluekai
   Piwik
   Sizmek/Peer39
   Adrizer
   Adobe Audience Manager DMP
   Salesforce DMP / Krux
   Neustar (aggregate knowledge)
   Conversant
   Samba TV

   Other

   JW Player
   Comscore
   Google DFP/AdX
   AppNexus
   Amazon A9
   Facebook
   Rubicon
   Index Exchange
   OpenX
   Yieldbot
   Outbrain
   Taboola
   Zergnet
   Sonobi
   Sharethrough
   Polar
   Instinctive
   Criteo
   Triplelift
   Pubmatic
   Sovrn
   Kargo
   bRealtime
   DistrictM
   JustPremium
   Parsec
   Consumable.IO
   Ideon
   Collective UK
   SpotX
   Apester
   Stanza
   Skimlinks
   Captify
   Magnetic
   GumGum
   Inuvo
   Kixer
   Microsoft
   NewsCred
   Swoop
   Vibrant
   Video Elephant
   ALC Pixels/Digital
   Vemba
   Amazon – RoundForest
   Amazon Associates (VigLinks)
   Bringhub
   Twitter
   Pinterest
   Hotjar
   Chartbeat
   Disqus
   Spot.IM
   Confiant
   AdLightning
   Oriel
   Admiral

   Web Beacons

   Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons
   (also known as “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags“) or similar technologies
   may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons or similar
   technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without
   limitation, to count visitors to the Publisher Network Websites, to
   monitor how users navigate the Publisher Network Websites, or to count
   how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. A clear gif
   may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or
   message to other information about you, including your Personally
   Identifiable Information. To refuse Web Beacons, please follow the
   instructions below under the section Cookie Management.

   HTML

   HTML, the language some websites are coded in, may be used to store
   information on your computer or device about your interaction with and
   use of the Publisher Network Websites. This information may be
   retrieved by us to help us manage our Websites, such as by giving us
   information about how our Publisher Network Websites are being used by
   our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our
   users.

   Duration of storage of cookies on your device

   We use both “session cookies” (which expire once you close your web
   browser) and “persistent cookies” (which stay on your computer until
   you delete them).

   Cookie Management

   Analytics

   To learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the
   Web, please visit
   https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en.

   Disabling Advertising Cookies

   To opt-out of SKM advertising cookies, please select your privacy
   preferences utilizing the consent management platform on the applicable
   Publisher Network Website.

   Some of our advertising service providers may be members of the Network
   Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad
   targeting from member companies. If you opt-out of receiving targeted
   ads in this manner, you will continue to receive advertising messages
   after you opt-out, but they will not be customized to you based on your
   use of the Publisher Network Websites. If you would like more
   information about advertisers’ use of tracking technologies and about
   your option not to accept these cookies, you can go to
   http://www.networkadvertising.org. If you would like to learn more
   about how interest-based information is collected, whether the
   companies we use are part of an industry network regarding behavioral
   advertising and to know your choices about not having information used
   in this manner, you can go to http://www.aboutads.info. The collection
   of information via certain ads served to users in Canada may be managed
   by visiting youradchoices.ca.

   Please note that the-opt out is cookie-based and will only affect the
   specific computer and browser on which the opt-out is applied.

   When necessary pursuant to applicable law, we will use signals from an
   IAB-compliant consent management platform running on the Publisher
   Network Websites for enabling or disabling advertising cookies.

   Using Browser Settings

   You can disable and/or delete most types of cookies by using your
   browser settings. Please note that if you use your browser settings to
   block all cookies you may not be able to access parts of our or others’
   Publisher Network Websites. The following links provide information on
   how to modify the cookies settings on some popular browsers:

   Apple Safari http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042

   Google Chrome
   https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647&p=cp
   n_cookies

   Microsoft Internet Explorer
   http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/How-to-manage-cookies-in-In
   ternet-Explorer-9

   Mozilla Firefox http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies

   Do Not Track Signals

   SKM does not act on “do not track” requests from your browser because,
   this way, we are able to personalize your experiences on our Publisher
   Network Websites. For more information, go to
   http://www.networkadvertising.org or http://www.aboutads.info.

   If you have questions about the use of Cookies on our Publisher Network
   Websites, please contact us as described in Contact Us below.

   9. Third Party Sites.We are not responsible for the privacy practices
   of the Publisher Network Websites or any third parties that you may
   access from the Publisher Network Website. You understand that this Ad
   Services Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of such websites.

   10. Security.We implement appropriate administrative, technical and
   security safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, use, or
   disclosure of the information we collect. However, no systems can be
   completely secure. Therefore, while SKM uses reasonable efforts to
   protect your information, SKM cannot guarantee its absolute security,
   and your use of the Publisher Network Websites indicates your agreement
   to assume this risk.

   11. Transfer Information to the United States. If you are located
   outside of the USA, please note that the information you provide to us
   will be transferred to and processed in the United States of America
   (USA), where laws regarding processing of personal data may be less
   stringent than the laws in your country.

   12. Changes to This Ad Services Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to
   change this Ad Services Privacy Policy at any time without prior
   notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of
   the revised Ad Services Privacy Policy.

   13. Disputes; No Rights of Third Parties.If you choose to access the
   Publisher Network Websites, any dispute over privacy is subject to our
   Terms of Use.  This Ad Services Privacy Policy does not create rights
   enforceable by third parties.

   14. Contact Us.
   If you have any questions or concerns about any aspect of this Ad
   Services Privacy Policy, please contact our Ad Services Data Privacy
   Officer at the address set forth below.

   Ad Services Data Privacy Support
   SK Media Group, LLC
   11175 Santa Monica Boulevard
   Los Angeles, CA 90025

   Or

   privacysupport@sheknows.com


     * About Us
     * Leadership Team
     * Our Communities
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Ad Services Privacy Policy

     * Our Brands
     * Brands Overview
     * SheKnows.com
     * BlogHer.com
     * HelloFlo.com
     * STYLECASTER.com

     * Press Room
     * Media Coverage
     * Press Releases
     * Awards
     * Events
     * Speaking
     * Insights

     * Get In Touch
     * Advertise
     * Careers
     * Contact

     * Get Social
     *

   Copyright © 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All rights reserved.

   (BUTTON)
   #alternate alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WTLMQT

   [logo-she-media.svg] LOG IN

     * Our Brands
     * Our Communities
     * Advertise
     * #BlogHer19
     * News
     * Team
     * Careers
     * Contact
     * LOG IN

   ____________________ (BUTTON)


   ABOUT US
   At SHE Media (formerly SheKnows Media), we believe women’s collective
   voices hold boundless power to bridge cultural divides and our
   leadership can be a unifying force for global good.

   Through our flagship sites (SheKnows, STYLECASTER, #BlogHer, Hollywood
   Life, and Soaps.com) and key programs (The #Femvertising Awards, Hatch,
   The Pitch, Voices of the Year and more), we commit to galvanizing a
   community of premium content creators across food, family, beauty,
   entertainment and women’s health.

   Together with our partners, SHE Media is building a curated network
   that celebrates and amplifies empathy, inspiration and human
   connection. Our vision is to help lay the foundation for a scalable,
   sustainable economic model for women entrepreneurs and small
   businesses.

   The SHE Media Partner Network, a Google Certified Publishing Partner,
   celebrates and amplifies empathy, inspiration and human connection, and
   lays the foundation for a scalable, sustainable economic model for
   women entrepreneurs and small businesses. It brings together a rich
   community of 1,000+ content creators and 30,000+ influencers who
   captivate women across the web and social media.

   The SHE Media “Loop” icon symbolizes a new media model. It is formed
   from one continuous line, representing the feedback loop that emerges
   from our diverse community as its members discover, create and share
   the messy, beautiful, real and joyful moments that comprise their
   lives. SHE Media, in short, celebrates all women who endeavor to live
   life by their own definitions.

   ADVERTISE WITH US
   We would love to work with you! For branded content, custom videos,
   influencer marketing, programmatic or display media, events and more,
   email us at advertising@sheknows.com.

     * About Us
     * Leadership Team
     * Our Communities
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Ad Services Privacy Policy

     * Our Brands
     * Brands Overview
     * SheKnows.com
     * BlogHer.com
     * HelloFlo.com
     * STYLECASTER.com

     * Press Room
     * Media Coverage
     * Press Releases
     * Awards
     * Events
     * Speaking
     * Insights

     * Get In Touch
     * Advertise
     * Careers
     * Contact

     * Get Social
     *

   Copyright © 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All rights reserved.

   (BUTTON)
