   Business-to-Business (B2B)Direct-to-Consumer (D2C)CompanyBlogRequest
   Demo >

Privacy Policy

   Instinctive is a digital advertising company that may deliver
   advertisements to the websites you visit. Instinctive understands that
   your online privacy is important to you. We have created the following
   Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect on this
   website, when you visit our customer’s (referred to as “Advertisers”)
   websites and when we serve advertisements on our network of websites
   owned by third-party publishers (collectively, the “Instinctive
   Publisher Network”), how such information is used, and how it is shared
   with third parties if shared at all.

   Please read this privacy policy carefully. Use of the Instinctive
   Publisher Network, this website and your sharing of information with us
   is subject to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. By using
   the Instinctive Publisher Network, this website or sharing information
   with us, you give your agreement to this Privacy Policy. The Privacy
   Policy may be revised or updated at any time by us as further described
   below.

   The terms “you,” “your,” and “yours” refer to the website visitor or
   consumer. The terms “Instinctive,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to
   Instinctive, and the companies under its control (such as
   subsidiaries), or under common control (such as parent companies, or
   companies owned by its parent company) (collectively, “Instinctive
   Entities”).

   Ad Delivery & Reporting Across Multiple Sites

   As part of our ad delivery and reporting, we log page views and collect
   information for the purpose of delivering ads or providing
   advertising-related services, including providing a specific
   advertisement based on a particular type of browser or time of day;
   statistical reporting in connection with the activity on a website; and
   tracking the number of ads served on a particular day to a particular
   website. To do so, we collect information about the type of browser and
   operating system of website visitors, as well as the domain name, day
   and time of visit, and page(s) visited. We do so across multiple web
   domains owned or operated by different entities (each, a “Site”).

   Internet Technology

   We collect the information described above by using log files, web
   beacons and cookies. We often engage or cooperate with service and
   technology companies to collect this information. While this tracking
   and collection technology is commonly used, you might not be familiar
   with it, and we would like to explain it:

   “Log files” track actions occurring on websites and collect data
   including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider,
   referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, click data and
   types of advertisements viewed.

   “Web beacons” are electronic files used to track your navigation of a
   website or collection of sites, the completion of transactions,
   submittal of applications and browsing behavior.

   “Cookies” are files (e.g. HTTP cookies) that are stored on your
   Internet enabled device (which includes your computer, tablet, or
   mobile device). Cookies are mostly used to record what pages and ads
   you have already viewed. Cookies are used to facilitate website
   navigation (for example, so your bank knows that you logged in), make
   sure that you are forwarded to the appropriate website when you click
   on an ad, and generally improve your web browsing experience. Cookies
   are also used to control the delivery of a series of advertisements to
   a web browser, and to limit the number of times a web browser receives
   any one advertisement. We also use cookies to estimate the total reach
   of an advertising campaign, as well as frequency of display. You can
   learn more about cookies on the Internet Advertising Bureau’s website:
   http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

   We use the information we collect for marketing and advertising
   purposes, to determine which ads perform well, to better match ads and
   website content to your interests, to assist us in improving the
   operation of our services, to maintain the quality of our services, to
   enhance our services to our business partners and clients, to provide
   general statistics to our business partners and clients regarding use
   of Instinctive’s services, and for the other purposes described below.

   Personally Identifiable Information

   Instinctive does not collect or use Personally Identifiable Information
   (PII) for IBA. PII is any information that identifies you or can be
   used to identify you. This includes, but is not limited to, your name,
   telephone number, address, email address, and date of birth.
   Instinctive does not collect PII unless you choose to provide it to us.
   You may choose to do so as part of your interaction with Customer Forms
   on the Instinctive corporate site.

   Examples of such Customer Forms include, but are not limited to:
   registration forms to access Instinctive published white papers or
   Instinctive produced webinars, and forms providing customer contact
   information when requesting information from Instinctive.

   Customer Forms are not intended for use by individuals under the age of
   18 or those who are not residents of the United States. If you are not
   18 years of age or older and a resident of the United States or you do
   not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not provide us with
   any information or use any of the Customer Forms.

   Non-Personally Identifiable Information

   Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Non-PII is data that is
   linked or reasonably linkable to a particular computer or device, but
   is not PII, including, but not limited to: your IP address, web pages
   which you have viewed, and your responses to internet advertisements.
   This information may be collected using different types of internet
   technologies, such as cookies (see, “Internet Technology” above for
   more details).

   Instinctive may collect this information when you are visiting the
   Instinctive corporate site or any website within the Instinctive
   Publisher Network. However, this information is not combined with PII.

   Information Obtained from Other Companies

   We receive information about consumers from third parties to enable
   targeted advertising on the website(s) and application(s) that we
   support. The collection and use of that data is governed by the privacy
   policy and legal terms of the data collector and the website using the
   data; it is not governed by Instinctive.

   Sharing Your Information

   Instinctive may use and share your information: (1) to enable third
   party service providers to assist or facilitate in the services we
   provide to our clients and customers; (2) to comply with applicable
   laws and regulations or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or
   other lawful request for information received by us, whether or not a
   response is required by applicable law; (3) to enforce our terms of use
   or to protect our rights; (4) to protect the safety of members of the
   public and users of our services; (5) with other Instinctive Entities
   and third party marketing partners; (6) with third party research
   companies, vendors, administrative service providers, technology
   providers, and selected partners for data validation, aggregation,
   enhancement, verification and suppression purposes, and for research,
   marketing, advertising, and data aggregation purposes; (7) for the
   purposes described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy; or (8) for any
   other purpose for which you provide consent. We also may share
   information with advertisers, publishers and other third parties for
   marketing and advertising purposes, but such information does not
   include PII except if you provided it as part of a Customer Form as
   described above. While Instinctive strongly encourages its advertising
   customers, service providers, partners, and members of the Instinctive
   Publisher Network to adopt responsible approaches to online marketing,
   Instinctive is not responsible for the information practices of any of
   third party entities referenced in this paragraph, which may use the
   information we share with them for the same purposes as we use the
   information, or for their own independent purposes. The collection,
   use, and disclosure of information by clients and partners are subject
   to their respective privacy policies, which may differ from this
   Privacy Policy.

   Opt Out of Your Information

   If you prefer that we, and any third party platforms we work with, not
   collect this information about your activity for the purpose of
   delivering targeted advertising, you may opt out of many of the online
   advertising platforms that deliver targeting advertising. If you wish
   to opt-out or learn more about the process, please visit the websites
   hosted by the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising
   Initiative. Please note these opt-out tools are cookie-based, so if you
   block cookies, delete your cookies, or change or update your browser,
   you will need to opt out again. You may also opt out of receiving
   mobile-based advertising based on mobile identifiers (such as Apple
   IDFA or Android Ad ID) through your device settings.

   Corporate Changes

   In the event that Instinctive is acquired by or merged with a third
   party entity, we reserve the right to transfer or assign the
   information we have collected from you as part of such merger,
   acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of
   our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment
   for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable
   principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to
   control how your information is treated, transferred, or used.

   Information Collected by Third Party Sites

   Please be aware that the Sites of our advertiser clients as well as the
   Sites on which we place advertisements or any Site linked to from one
   of our websites also may collect information from you. Such information
   may include non-personally identifiable information through the use of
   cookies and other technology and any personally identifiable
   information you may choose to give in registering and transacting with
   such website. Although we choose our business partners and clients
   carefully, Instinctive is not responsible for the privacy practices of
   websites operated by such third parties. You should check the
   applicable privacy policies of such websites you visit to determine how
   they handle any information they collect from you.

   Data Retention

   Your Internet browser stores IBA-related data as cookies. If you have
   cookies disabled, if you delete your cookies, or if other software
   deletes the cookies used for that data storage, such data is lost
   because it is not retained separately by Instinctive. The cookies that
   store data related to Instinctive’s IBA will in any case expire, at
   latest, one year after the last time such information is stored,
   barring any technical malfunction.

   Instinctive retains information regarding ad delivery (see, “Ad
   Delivery & Reporting” above) for up to six (6) months. However,
   Instinctive may retain aggregate statistics, reports and summaries
   regarding ad delivery for a longer period.

   Instinctive may delete any or all of IBA or information regarding ad
   delivery that relates to you at any time and in Instinctive’s sole
   discretion, notwithstanding its normal data retention policies.
   Further, Instinctive reserves the right to retain and use any
   information described in this Privacy Policy as reasonably necessary to
   comply with laws or regulations, notwithstanding any limitations
   described in this Privacy Policy to the contrary. If Instinctive
   changes its retention data policies by updating this Privacy Policy,
   its new policies will apply to all data collected after the effective
   date of those changes.

   Children’s Privacy

   Instinctive is very sensitive to the issue of children’s privacy.
   Instinctive’s products and services are neither developed for, nor
   directed at, children. Instinctive does not employ or offer advertising
   targeting towards children under the age of 13.

   If you believe your child has provided us with PII through the
   Instinctive corporate site or through our corporate marketing
   materials, please contact us and we will delete any such data.

   User Choice and Privacy Generally

   Instinctive supports deployment of AdChoices icon, in partnership with
   Ghostery Enterprise, as part of its compliance with Digital Advertising
   Alliance self-regulation program. As part of this service, online
   advertisements served by Instinctive are sometimes delivered with icons
   that help consumers understand how their data is being used and provide
   choice options to consumers that want more control.

   Security

   Instinctive employs standard measures to ensure the security of all
   information. We routinely evaluate our practices to identify security
   threats or opportunities for the improvement of our services. No
   transmission of information is guaranteed to be completely secure.
   Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other
   factors may compromise data security. You acknowledge and agree to
   assume these risks when communicating with us.

   Changes

   Instinctive may find it appropriate or necessary, or may be legally
   obligated, to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do,
   we will post those changes on this page and update the effective date
   (found at the bottom) so that you have a way to always become aware of
   the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances
   we disclose it. For changes to this Privacy Policy that may be
   materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of information you
   have already provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent (if
   we have the necessary contact information) before implementing such
   revisions with respect to such information, or notify you either by
   placing a prominent notice on the home page of our website or by
   directly sending you a notification. For all other changes, it is your
   responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain
   informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this
   page often.

   YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT INSTINCTIVE’S LIABILITY FROM ANY DISPUTE
   OVER PRIVACY OR THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL BE LIMITED AS SET FORTH IN THE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OUR APPLICABLE WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

   Contact Us

   If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of or
   your dealings with us relating to this Privacy Policy, please email us
   at privacy@instinctive.io

   ‍

   Instinctive, Inc.
   hello@instinctive.io(424) 256-0452

   340 Madison Ave
   19th Floor
   New York, NY 10173
   Platform
   Connected TV for B2B BrandsConnected TV for D2C BrandsAccount-Based TV
   Company
   Stories and InsightsAbout InstinctivePrivacy PolicyGDPR
   Get in touch
   Contact usLinkedInTwitter

   Copyright © Instinctive Inc. All rights reserved.
