    #alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MZFQVZX

   Voluum DSP Native Advertsing Platform

     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Case studies
          + ClickLogiq
          + ITF
     * Resources
          + Documentation
          + Video Tutorials
     * Company
          + Contact Us
          + About Us

   Sign in create account

End User Privacy Policy for Voluum DSP and Voluum Tracker

   Effective date: May 25, 2018
   Last updated: May 21, 2018

   This document provides information about our tracking and digital
   advertising technology platform. Voluum (owned and developed by
   Codewise spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością spółka
   komandytową established in Krakow at Lubicz street 17G, 31-503 Kraków,
   Poland) owns and develops tracking and digital advertising technology
   that enables advertisements (also called further ads) to appear within
   desktop and mobile websites, as well as within mobile applications. The
   intention of this document is to provide you transparent information
   how the Voluum platform runs and how the data is processed, collected,
   and stored in the platform. We realize that some technical terms might
   sound complicated to you, so this document presents those terms in
   simple words as well as explains what the goal of data processing is.

   Codewise is firmly committed to protecting the privacy of Internet’s
   users and fostering users’ confidence in online advertising and
   marketing. Accordingly, we are committed to observing applicable
   industry guidelines including those established by the Interactive
   Advertising Bureau and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
   by the European Union. We continue to evaluate enhanced ways to protect
   Internet users’ privacy while seeking to deliver relevant advertising
   and custom online experiences to those users on behalf of our
   customers.

   This document outlines Codewise’s End User Policy and provides you
   clear notice about the user’s information we may collect and process
   online in connection with our services.

   Our customers use our DSP technology (Voluum DSP available at
   https://voluumdsp.wpengine.com/) to execute digital advertising
   campaigns and our tracking technology (Voluum Tracker available at
   https://voluum.com/) to monitor, analyze, and optimize the results of
   digital advertising campaigns. Such operations result in you having
   indirect (when advertisements are displayed within sites and apps) and
   direct (when you click any of those advertisements) interactions with
   our servers.

I. Glossary

     * Applicable laws: All the laws and regulations relevant to the
       collection, processing, and storage of data, especially all thedata
       protection laws and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU)
       2016/679 (GDPR).

     * Ad exchange: This is a platform where people who can offer unsold
       ad placements meet people who want to buy those placements for
       their online advertisements. You can think about it as a digital
       marketplace with a sort of an auction called real-time bidding.
       However, a buyer can be anybody including other ad exchanges or
       platforms that sale advertisements to other companies / buyers.

     * Ad server: By and large, a server where advertisements are stored,
       managed, and delivered to you as a website end user. It might
       also provide a reporting module to check how the advertisements
       perform.

     * Cookie: They are small text files stored locally by a website or ad
       server. By storing certain information in a cookie, those web
       browsers or ad servers are able to remember your preferences and
       recognize websites visited and / or web browser used from one visit
       to another. To learn more about cookies and how to disable them,
       visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

     * Customer: The party who submits an application (on the registration
       page: https://panel.voluum.com/register/ ) and uses the Voluum
       platform.

     * Demand Side Platform (DSP): This is a technology used by the buy /
       demand side through one interface.

     * Domain name: It is a character string that helps you to easily go
       to a website without the necessity of remembering IP addresses. A
       domain name must be unique for all domain names available on the
       Internet. It allows you to navigate to a website and discover an
       online advertisement.

     * Do Not Track (DNT): This is an option of the web browser that sends
       a request to a web application to disable tracking of an individual
       user.

     * End user (visitor): This is a user of an Internet connected device,
       such as a visitor to a website, a user of a mobile app, or a user
       of an IoT device, or a visitor on an advertisement, landing page,
       or campaign.

     * Geographic location: This is a piece of information where you are
       located based on an IP address. Precisely, this is a location of
       your device that is connected to the Internet and based on that we
       are able to define a country, region, city, and Internet Service
       Provider (ISP) your device is connected to.

     * HTTP request header: The request header of HyperText Transfer
       Protocol. The HTTP protocol is used all around the world. Almost
       all content that shows up in the browser you see is transmitted to
       your computer (or other device connected to the Internet) over
       HTTP. For example, when you opened this policy in the browser,
       many HTTP requests have been sent. Each request contains an HTTP
       header in which there is information about the browser you use, the
       requested page, the server and much more.

     * HTTP request parameters: The request parameters of HyperText
       Transfer Protocol are additional pieces of information transmitted
       from one device to the other that you might see in the address bar
       of your browser. They are in the form of name=value pairs separated
       from the URL by a ?. There might be more than one name=value pair,
       where each of them are separated by an &.

     * IP address: An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a set of numbers
       that each device has assigned to connect with other device over the
       Internet network. The IP address allows addressing and delivering
       the information to the right receiver. Every time a piece of
       information is sent, a device needs to communicate with other
       devices in a computer network to be able to deliver the message.
       Sending information in that context means every kind of activity
       such as surfing, exchanging emails, or downloading an
       application. The IP address is used to identify the device to which
       the message is supposed to be sent and find the best way to deliver
       it.

     * Personal information / personal data: Any information relating to
       an identified or identifiable person as defined in article 4.1 of
       GDPR.

     * Processing: Any operation or set of operations which is performed
       upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means, such as
       collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or
       alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
       transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available,
       alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction
       (process, processes and processed shall have the same meaning).

     * Real-time bidding: Voluum customers who gain access to the Voluum
       DSP area are able to bid in real time to get the opportunity of
       showing an online advertisement offered by a certain ad exchange.
       The winner of the auction is treated as the best candidate from the
       Voluum DSP side to be able to display the advertisement on a
       website.

     * Referrer domain: In simple words, this is the address of a website
       that led you, as a visitor, to another page.

     * Retargeting: A strategy of online targeted advertising when
       information is gathered to address visitor’s preferences based on
       their previous actions / choices. When you, as a visitor, go to one
       sort of websites, for example because you are looking for a pair of
       glasses, then the advertisement is displayed in front of you with
       glasses that you might possibly like.

     * Request time: This is the time when a query to the Voluum database
       is sent. Every time when you click an advertisement, the query
       request is made, so the Voluum platform is able to store the
       information about the visit.

     * User agent: Information about a device, operating system, web
       browser is being used to access a website.

     * You (visitor): A person who can visit digital advertising campaigns
       on the Internet.


II. What is Voluum?

   Voluum is a cloud-hosted analytics solution, designed for performance
   marketers and self-serve advertisers to track the progress and
   profitability of their online campaigns. In other words, the Voluum
   platform enables our customers to make their online campaigns more
   efficient and profitable by analyzing the ad-related data and then,
   optimizing the campaign by addressing them in the most effective way.
   Thus, our customers collect different kinds of data about visitors’
   activities on the Internet to reach the right audience and increase the
   performance of their online campaigns.

   Voluum collects data about different activities of online visitors to
   allow its customers to address ads to the right audience and display
   more relevant advertisements on websites. Those visitors are Internet
   users who surf through the websites, send emails, communicate on social
   media and see those ads appearing in the content. To display the
   advertisement at the right time and in the right context, Voluum
   processes the collected data to measure the ad effectiveness and
   coverage. All kinds of data are gathered for statistical and reporting
   purposes and processed collectively as records of certain
   information to produce a meaningful approach while running an online
   campaign.

   In the next sections, you can find out what information is stored in
   Voluum and how it relates to your activities as a visitor.

III. Codewise’s Role in Processing Personal Information

   While our customers use Voluum Tracker, we act as a customer’s data
   processor meaning that we process end user’s personal data on behalf of
   our customer under customer’s instructions under Voluum Tracker Data
   Processing Agreement.

   While our customers use Voluum DSP, the data controller of end user’
   personal information is Codewise spółka z ograniczoną
   odpowiedzialnością spółka komandytowa with a registered office at
   Lubicz 17G, 31-503 Kraków, Poland, registered in the entrepreneurs
   register of the National Court Register held by the District Court for
   Krakow – Środmieście in Kraków, XI Commercial Division of National
   Court Register (Sąd Rejonowy dla Krakowa – Śródmieścia w Krakowie, XI
   Wydział Gospodarczy Krajowego Rejestru Sądowego) under the number: KRS
   0000402705, tax ID (NIP): 5213623147, further referred to as
   “Codewise”.

   In order to legally process end user’s personal data when we act as a
   data controller for Voluum DSP, we rely on a legal basis listed in the
   VII. Legal Basis for Processing User Information section.

IV. What Kind of Data Do We Collect and For What Purposes?

   In order to perform our services, we are intent on collecting and
   processing certain information about you and your device. Some of this
   information (including, for example, your IP addresses and certain
   unique device identifiers) may identify a particular computer or device
   and be considered as personal data in some jurisdictions, including the
   European Union. This kind of data enables us to provide aggregated
   reporting and analysis of the performance of our customer’s advertising
   campaigns.

   The Voluum platform does not collect any data which by itself
   identifies an individual such as a name, address, phone number, email
   address.

   We also do not collect any “sensitive” or “special categories of
   personal data” as defined under the European data protection laws as
   well as personal data of children.

   IP Address

   An IP address is used to identify the device’s location as well as, to
   some extent, user’s location. Based on the IP address visitor’s
   country, region, city can be characterized and stored in the Voluum
   platform. Moreover, some more technical specifications are processed
   such as Internet Service Provider (ISP) or mobile carrier and what type
   of the connection you use. This data is stored to adjust the online
   advertisements that are displayed on websites and identify automatic
   computer programs that might affect our customers’ reporting.

   In addition, the IP address is used to limit the number of times a
   visitor is exposed to a single advertisement.

   User Agent

   A user agent helps us to identify what kind of a device a visitor uses
   (TV, desktop, table, mobile phone) and which model it is. Even
   more, this piece of information is stored to establish device’s
   parameters such as browser and browser version, operating system, and
   operating system version. It also allows us to detect the automatic
   computer programs and fraud attempts.

   Additionally, the user agent is used to limit the number of times a
   visitor is exposed to a single advertisement.

   HTTP Request Header

   Information from HTTP request headers is used to determine a visitor’s
   language and referrer domain. That data is then used to present an
   appropriate advertisement to the end user. It is also stored for
   analytical purposes.

   HTTP Request Parameters

   The HTTP request parameters are used to transfer information from
   third-party services to the Voluum platform and the other way round.
   Based on that, the Voluum customers are able to find target audiences
   more effectively and message through appropriate channels. It is also
   stored for analytical purposes.

   Device ID

   A device ID is a unique identifier used to accurately measure actions
   taken by a specific device. It plays a role in
   personalization, distribution, and performance of the traffic sent to a
   visitor. The ID enables us to do cross-device matching meaning that the
   advertisement will be displayed only on one device that belongs to a
   particular user. It means that if you are an owner of more than one
   devices connected to the Internet, the IDs of those devices can help us
   to identify you, determine which advertisement was displayed on which
   device, and eliminate ad display repetitions for you.

   Request Time

   This is an exact date and time of interaction with Voluum servers. It
   is used to present an appropriate advertisement to the end user. It is
   also stored for analytical purposes.

   Unique Identifier (UID)

   A unique identifier generated by the platform enables us to match
   registered events and control the frequency of those events in Voluum.

   Note that our publisher partners may share with us additional
   demographic information, such as age or gender, in order to enable more
   accurate targeting. We do not use this information to maintain any kind
   of persistent user’s profile database.

V. How Do We Collect Data?

   The Voluum platform uses cookies, mobile SDKs, and in some cases
   non-cookie technologies, to collect data associated with particular web
   browsers or devices that you, as a visitor, use.

   Voluum uses both types of cookies: session cookies and persistent
   cookies. Those cookies are used not only to follow visitor’s
   activities, but also to improve visitor’s experience while surfing
   through the Internet websites. For example, they are used to identify
   how many times you have already seen an advertisement, so they allow to
   differentiate the content of the ad as well as adjust the offer to your
   current potential needs. Session cookies does not remain after closing
   a web browser and does not store any information afterward. Persistent
   cookies are stored locally on your device and may be used by your web
   browser on subsequent visits to any website. They are used to remember
   your preferences and personalize the ad content.

   In the tracking part of the advertising platform, we also use
   non-cookie technology such as pixels to set up the communication
   between your web browser and a server.

   Voluum Tracker

   In the tracking part of the Voluum platform the following technology is
   used to gather the data:
     * Impression cookie: Some of our customers are only interested in
       displaying advertisements on websites, so the ads might be noticed
       by an end user. This type of advertising refers to impressions or
       ad views. The cookie helps us to monitor this type of activities.
       It is a session cookie, so it exists as long as your session lasts
       in your web browser.

     * Conversion cookie:  This is a cookie that allows to combine a
       display of an advertisement with a visitor’s actions that happen
       for a particular offer afterwards. Our customers may define what
       kind of an action the visitor should take upon to call the ad
       display successful. For example, they may offer a promotion of an
       app subscription – every time a visitor subscribes to a particular
       system, that action is registered as a successful event in the
       Voluum platform. The cookie allows us to define wether the action
       happened or not for a particular visitor. That record allows us to
       measure visitor’s behavior and personalize the ads displayed on
       websites. It expires after 365 days.

     * Lander cookie: This is a cookie associated with a visit on a
       displayed advertisement. It stores different pieces of information
       about the visit itself as well as other parameters such as a web
       browser type, web browser version, device ID. This data is only
       used for statistical and reporting purposes in the Voluum platform.
       It expires after one day.

     * Unique session cookie: It is used to detect whether a visit is the
       first visit of a visitor for a particular advertisement or not. It
       is a session cookie, so it exists as long as your session lasts in
       your web browser.

     * Opt-out cookie:  This a cookie that is used for the opt-out option
       for Voluum Tracker. It gives us information that you do not want to
       be tracked with desktop and mobile environments. It expires after
       at least 2 years.

     * Tracking pixel: This is an invisible, very small (1 x 1) pixel tag
       that our customer can put on a website. When you as a visitor open
       a website where the tracking pixel is placed, the information is
       sent to Voluum. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to
       track user’s activities while surfing through websites by a
       particular browser on a particular device.


   Voluum DSP

   In the digital advertising, the data is collected using the following
   cookies:
     * Sync cookie: This is a unique number that will be assigned to you
       as a visitor when an advertisement shows up in a website for the
       first time. The cookie stores the information to inform us that you
       have seen a certain set of advertisements before, so we may vary
       them not to overload you with the same content all the time.
       Shortly, it enhances the advertisement selection. It expires after
       30 days.

     * Opt-out cookie:  This a cookie that is used for the opt-out option
       for Voluum DSP. It gives us information that you do not want to be
       tracked with desktop and mobile environments. It expires after at
       least 2 years.


VI. For What Purposes We Use End User Data?

   The data collected and stored in the Voluum platform is used to
   increase the ad relevance and adjust the ad display to the changing
   needs of the ad visitor. Particularly, the Voluum data is used for:

   Cross-Device Matching

   To identify to how many devices a visitor is associated with to cut off
   ad display repetitions.

   Fraud Detection

   To monitor the quality of traffic for our customers and blacklist those
   sources that generate fake visits / clicks.

   Frequency Capping

   To limit the number of times a visitor is exposed to a single
   advertisement.

   Reporting, Analysis, and Optimization

   To measure the effectiveness of online ad campaigns what helps to
   address the advertisements to right audiences and based on the
   collected data improve the performance of the campaigns. Briefly, to
   determine how visitors respond to advertisements they see on the
   Internet.

   Retargeting

   To allow the Voluum’s customers to address visitor’s preferences based
   on their previous actions / choices.

VII. Legal Basis for Processing User Information

   If you are a European Union End user or GDPR applies to you under the
   Applicable Law, our legal basis for collecting and using the end user’s
   information described above will depend on the user’s information
   concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.

   We rely on your consent when we process your personal data in order to
   deliver end users targeted advertising and use cookies technology in
   connection with an end user’s device. If we rely on consent to collect
   and / or process end user’s information, we will obtain such consent in
   compliance with applicable laws.

   We may also use the end user’s personal data because of our legitimate
   interests to:
     * Operate and improve our technology

     * Enable standard advertising controls

     * Prepare reports that summarize visitor’s activity

     * Analyze and report on the advertisement’s performance (such as
       tracking views of ad as well as click-through rates on ads),
       campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting

     * Protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized,
       or illegal activity.


   If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
   legal basis on which we collect and use of this data, please contact us
   using the contact details provided under the Contact us section.

VIII. How Long Do We Store Data?

   The collected data is stored using generally accepted security
   standards. The data retention in the Voluum platform is 24 months
   starting from the day of the account registration. This data is used
   for reporting and analysis. When a customer removes their data from
   Voluum, their storage and retention of data is governed by the Privacy
   Policy and applicable regulations. The process of removing the
   collected data from the Voluum platform might take up to 1 month.

IX. Your Choices and the Opt-Out Option

   The opt-out option is applicable for end users who see an online
   advertisement set by a customer. Visitors of advertisements that are a
   part of digital advertising  (Voluum DSP) may choose either the opt-out
   or Do Not Track option. How to proceed when choosing the Do Not Track
   option is described in the next section.

   If you wish to opt out of being tracked with desktop and mobile
   website environments from the Voluum platform, you should use the
   opt-out option. The Voluum platform only processes data collected by
   its customers meaning that the Voluum customers are obliged to deliver
   the opt-out option and make it accessible to you as a visitor to an
   online advertisement. Voluum makes every effort to support its
   customers to provide such a solution for you, thus you can find below
   procedures how to make a request to opt out of being tracked.

   The Opt-Out Option for Tracking Advertising (Voluum Tracker)

   The generic solution of the opt out option offered by the Voluum
   Tracker is available under the following link:

   http://Voluum_customer_domain_name.com/opt-out
   where:
   Voluum_customer_domain_name is a name of the domain assigned to the
   Voluum customer.

   Because the domain name is set by each customer individually, you need
   to get in touch with the customer of the online advertisement to find
   out the correct domain name under which the online advertisement is
   set. Once the Voluum customer replies with the domain name, you can
   provide the link in an address bar in your web browser to be able to
   opt out.

   Opting out of being tracked with desktop and mobile
   website environments from the tracking advertising part of the Voluum
   platform is valid for at least 2 years for a web browser where the
   opt-out option has been set. The option can be enabled only for a
   particular web browser meaning that if you switch to other web
   browsers, clear cookies, or use a browser’s incognito mode, you need to
   go through the opt-out procedure once more. When the opt-out option
   expires, you need to repeat the same procedure to turn it on again.

   The Opt-Out Option for Digital Advertising (Voluum DSP)

   If you wish to opt out of being tracked with desktop and mobile
   website environments from Voluum DSP, please click here (third-party
   cookies should be enabled).

   Desktop Website Environments

   If you wish to opt out of being tracked with desktop
   website environments, follow the steps:

   (Google Chrome web browser, version 66.0.3359.139, official build)
    1. From your web browser, select Menu (3 bars at top right of window).
    2. Select Settings and then scroll down to Advanced. Expand the
       Advanced section.
    3. In Privacy and security, select Content Settings > Cookies.
    4. Turn on the Block third-party cookies toggle.

   (Safari web browser, version 11.1 (13605.1.33.1.4))
    1. From the main menu in your web browser, select Safari >
       Preferences.
    2. Go to Privacy and then select the Block all cookies checkbox.
    3. Confirm your choice by clicking the Block All button.

   Mobile Website Environments

   If you wish to opt out of being tracked within mobile
   website environments, follow the steps:

   (Android 7.1.2; Google Chrome web browser, version 66.0.3359.158,
   official build)
    1. From your web browser, tap Menu (3 bars at top right of window).
    2. Tap Settings and then swipe down to the Advanced section. Tap the
       Site settings option.
    3. Tap Cookies.
    4. Unselect the Allow third-party cookies option.

   (iOS 11.1.1; Safari web browser)
    1. Go to Settings on your mobile device.
    2. Tap Settings > Privacy.
    3. Swipe down to tap the Advertising section.
    4. Toggle on the Limit Ad Tracking option.

   Opting out of being tracked with desktop and mobile
   website environments from the digital advertising part of the Voluum
   platform is valid for at least 2 years for a web browser where the
   opt-out option has been set. The option can be enabled only for a
   particular web browser meaning that if you switch to start using other
   web browser, you need to go through the opt-out procedure once more.
   When the opt-out option expires, you need to repeat the same procedure
   to turn it on again.

The Do Not Track Option

   If you wish to opt out of being tracked with desktop and mobile
   website environments from the digital advertising part of the Voluum
   platform (Voluum DSP), you may use the Do Not Track option. This option
   does not work for the tracking part of the Voluum platform, Voluum
   Tracker.

   Desktop Website Environments

   If you wish to turn on the Do Not Track (DNT) option in your web
   browser for you desktop website environment, follow the steps:

   (Google Chrome web browser, version 66.0.3359.139, official build)
    1. From your web browser, select Menu (3 bars at top right of window).
    2. Select Settings and then scroll down to Advanced. Expand the
       Advanced section.
    3. In Privacy and security, find Send a “Do Not Track” request with
       your browsing traffic. Turn on the toggle.
    4. Click Confirm to activate the Do Not Track option in your web
       browser.

   (Safari web browser, version 11.1 (13605.1.33.1.4))
    1. From the main menu in your web browser, select Safari >
       Preferences.
    2. Select Privacy and then Ask websites not to track me.

   Mobile Website Environments

   If you wish to turn on the Do Not Track (DNT) option in your web
   browser for you mobile website environment, follow the steps:

   (Android 7.1.2; Google Chrome web browser, version 66.0.3359.158,
   official build)
    1. From your web browser, tap Menu (3 bars at top right of window).
    2. Tap Settings and then swipe down to the Advanced section. Find and
       then, tap the Privacy option.
    3. Tap “Do Not Track”.
    4. Toggle the “Do Not Track” option to On.

   (iOS 11.1.1; Safari web browser)
    1. Go to Settings on your mobile device.
    2. Tap Safari and then swipe down to the Ask Websites Not To Track Me
       option.
    3. Toggle on the Ask Websites Not To Track Me option.

X. European Data Subject Rights

   If you are a European Union end user or GDPR applies to you under the
   Applicable Law, you have certain rights and protections under the law
   regarding the collection, processing, and use of information about you.
   In particular, you have the right to:
     * To request an access and obtain a copy of your data.

     * To request a rectification (correct or complete information about
       you) or erasure (it is sometimes called ‘the right to be forgotten’
       that applies in some circumstances).

     * To restrict the processing end user information.

     * If applicable, to the data portability.


   In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the
   processing of end user’s information when personal data is processed on
   the basis of legitimate interests and there is no overriding legitimate
   interest for us to continue to process your personal data, or if your
   data is being processed for direct marketing purposes.

   If you have given us your consent to process your data, you have the
   right to withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of consent does not
   affect the compliance of the processing which was made on its basis
   before the withdrawal of consent.

   You have also the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory
   Authority in particular if you feel that Codewise has not responded to
   your requests to solve a problem.

   If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact our
   data protection officer: dpo@codewise.com. Please include information
   that will enable us to verify your identity within your request.

   In addition, you may also use our opt-out functionality described in
   point IX. Your Choices and Opt Out Option.

XI. Information Transferred from Third-Party Services

   This policy does apply only to usage of the data by the Voluum platform
   and does not explain the practices of other third-party advertisers or
   advertising networks. We do not control the privacy practices of such
   third parties, and you are obliged to get familiar with the privacy
   policies of those third parties when you use their services. We provide
   a full list of all advertising networks as well as links to the privacy
   policies that are published on their websites:
    1. AdColony, Inc. Privacy Policy
    2. Adnow.com Privacy Policy
    3. AdUnity Privacy Policy
    4. Adventure Alternative Policies
    5. ADYOULIKE Privacy Policy
    6. AerServ LLC Privacy Policy
    7. AppNexus Platform Privacy
    8. Axonix Ltd Privacy Policy
    9. Beachfront Media, LLC
   10. BIDSWITCH Privacy Notice
   11. Bidtellect, Inc. Privacy Policy
   12. British Virgin Islands Company, an exclusive agent of Revmob,
       Privacy Policy
   13. Cox Media Group, Gamut, Privacy Policy
   14. Engageya Privacy Policy
   15. ENVISIONX Ltd Privacy Policy
   16. Fyber Group Privacy Policy
   17. glispa Privacy Policy
   18. Inneractive: Fyber Group Privacy Policy
   19. ironSource Ltd. Privacy Policy
   20. Ligatus GmbH, Christophstraße 19, 50670 Cologne, Germany Privacy
       Policy
   21. LiveIntent Services Privacy Policy
   22. MADS Mobile-First Advertising Platform
   23. MGID Privacy Policy
   24. Mobfox Privacy Policy
   25. MoPub Privacy Policy
   26. my6sense Privacy Policy
   27. Native Ads Privacy Policy
   28. Nativo, Inc., a Delaware corporation Privacy Policy
   29. Oath Privacy International
   30. OpenX Software Ltd. Privacy Policy
   31. Outbrain Privacy Policy
   32. Playtem Terms and Conditions (French)
   33. Polymorph Labs, Inc. Privacy Policy
   34. PubMatic, Inc. Privacy Policy
   35. PubNative GmbH, Greifswalder Str. 212, 10405 Berlin Privacy Policy
   36. PulsePoint, Inc. Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
   37. Purch Group, Inc. Privacy Policy
   38. PowerInbox Privacy Policy
   39. Quantum
   40. Revcontent Privacy Policy
   41. RhythmOne Privacy Policy
   42. Rubicon Project Consumer Online Profile and Opt Out
   43. Sharethrough Privacy Policy
   44. Smaato, Inc. Privacy Policy
   45. Smart AdServer Policy
   46. Sovrn Holdings, Inc. Privacy Policy
   47. Switch Concepts Privacy Policy
   48. Triple Lift, Inc. Privacy Policy
   49. WO Programmatic Digital Policies

   We also inform you that we may disclose your information to the
   following categories of recipients:
     * To our third-party services providers who provide data processing
       services that support the operation of our services (acting on our
       behalf), such as analytics providers, IT services providers (for
       example, cloud or host services providers).

     * To our clients and partners to deliver interest-based advertising
       and other information describing, for example, location context and
       general statistical information.

     * To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government
       agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is
       necessary
       (i) under applicable law, and
       (ii) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies,
       regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities.

XII. Transfer of Personal Data Outside EEA

   We work with customers and partners throughout the world, including in
   the European Economic Area (EEA) as well as countries outside of the
   European Economic Area (EEA).

   In order to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected when
   transferred outside of the EEA, Codewise:
     * relies on EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Program – Privacy Shield is a
       “partial” adequacy decision, as, in the absence of a general data
       protection law in the U.S., only the companies committing to
       abiding by the binding Privacy Shield principles benefit from
       easier data transfer. In such cases your personal data will be
       transferred to the territory of USA in accordance with applicable
       laws, with appropriate safeguards in place, only to Privacy Shield
       certified vendors (according to the EU Commission Decision
       2016/1250) or by using standard contractual clauses adopted by the
       European Commission (EU Commission Decision on standard contractual
       clauses for the transfer of Personal Data to processors established
       in third countries under Directive 95/46/EC (the “Model Contract
       Clauses”), or based on other applicable transborder data transfer
       mechanisms,

   or
     * has entered into inter-company EU “model clause” agreements.

   You may contact us if you require a copy of the safeguards which we
   have put in place to protect your Data transferred outside of the EEA
   and your privacy rights in these circumstances.

   You may also learn more about:
     * Privacy Shield Program
       here https://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview and here
       https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transf
       ers-outside-eu/eu-us-privacy-shield_en.

     * EU Commission Decision on standard contractual clauses for the
       transfer of personal data to processors established in third
       countries
       here https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=celex%3A32
       010D0087 and
       here https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-t
       ransfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-co
       untries_en


XIII. Security

   Codewise uses various security technologies and procedures that help
   protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use,
   disclosure, alteration, or destruction.

   For example:
     * Personnel: Only qualified and authorized employees are permitted to
       access personal information, and they may do so only for permitted
       business functions.

     * Data Protection Officer: We appointed a Data Protection Officer who
       in particular watches over the security of your data, monitors our
       compliance with GDPR, and is a point of contact for you in all
       matters regarding Data protection; you can contact our Data
       Protection Officer via email: dpo@codewise.com.

     * Security Measures: We use encryption in the transmission of your
       personal information between your system and ours, and we use
       firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access
       to your personal information.

     * Payments: All supplied sensitive / credit information is
       transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then,
       encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be
       accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such
       systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
       After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social
       security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our
       servers.

     * Additional Safeguards: We maintain physical, electronic, and
       procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage,
       and disclosure of your information. Our security procedures mean
       that we may request proof of your identity before we disclose
       personal information to you.

     * Trusted Vendors: We rely only on vendors who ensure an appropriate
       level of security of your data. In this context, we use only secure
       cloud servers, including AWS cloud – a secure, private cloud
       platform. AWS participates in the EU-US Privacy Shield framework.
       Amazon Web Services is our processor. AWS Amazon cloud platform
       uses various security technologies and procedures to protect
       personal data and is compliant with third-party assurance
       frameworks such as ISO 27017 for cloud security, ISO 27018 for
       cloud privacy, PCI DSS Level 1, and SOC 1, SOC 2, and SOC 3. For
       more details please see AWS Amazon security and privacy policy at
       www.aws.amazon.com.


XIV. Children

   Protecting children’s privacy is very important to Codewise. Our
   platform is not intended for, designed to be used by, or targeted at
   children. We do not allow our partners and customers to send to us
   personal data of children as defined under GDPR.

XV. Contact Us

   If there are any questions regarding this End User Privacy Policy, you
   may contact us using the information below:

   Codewise Sp. z o.o. Sp. K.

   Ul. Lubicz 17G, 31-503 Kraków, Poland

   General contact form: https://codewise.com/contact/

   Codewise’s Data Protection Officer contact: dpo@codewise.com

Recommended tracker

   Voluum Affiliate Tracker

Push, Pop, Domain Traffic

   Zeropark

About

     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Case study - ClickLogiq
     * Case study - ITF

Resources

     * Documentation
     * Video Tutorials

Company

     * About Us
     * Contact Us

   Product of Codewise
   codewise facebook codewise twitter codewise linkedin voluum youtube
   codewise instagram

     * End User Privacy Policy
     * Cookies Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms and conditions
     * DPA

   VoluumDSP © 2019

   × Who is the controller of your personal data?

   Codewise spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k., a Krakow-based
   ad tech company, incorporated under the laws of Poland, with a
   registered office at Lubicz 17G, 31 – 503 Krakow, Poland, registered in
   the entrepreneurs register of the National Court Register held by the
   District Court for Krakow – Śródmieście in Krakow, XI Commercial
   Division of National Court Register (Sąd Rejonowy dla Krakowa –
   Śródmieścia w Krakowie, XI Wydział Gospodarczy Krajowego Rejestru
   Sądowego) under the number: KRS 0000402705, tax ID (NIP): 5213623147,
   further referred to as: “Codewise”, “us”.
   How to contact us?

   You can contact us using the contact form that can be found on our
   website (www.codewise.com/contact/) or via e-mail: hello@codewise.com.
   You can also contact our data protection officer: dpo@codewise.com.
   Why do we need your personal data and what is our legal basis for using
   them?

   We process your personal data for the purposes set out below, based on
   our legitimate interest, which is:
     * contacting you when you use our contact form
     * marketing activities related to you, including direct marketing of
       our own services, as well as contacting with you for purposes
       related to permitted marketing activities.

   We also ask you for your voluntary consent for a specific form of
   marketing: sending commercial information via e-mail/sending newsletter
   in accordance with applicable law (law on telecommunications, act on
   provision of services by electronic means).

   Legal basis: art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. GDPR
   Is processing of personal data voluntary?

   Yes, the processing of your personal data is voluntary. You don’t have
   to give us your data (like an e-mail address) but it will help us
   contact you or share with you latest information about our promotions
   and offers (our marketing purposes). If you do not provide us with this
   information, we will not be able to do it. You also don’t need to agree
   to the receiving of commercial information via e-mail from us – it is
   always your choice.
   In what situations can you object to the processing of your personal
   data?

   You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data
   when:
     * the processing of your personal data is based on a legitimate
       interest or for statistical purposes, and the opposition is
       justified by the particular situation in which you have found
       yourself,
     * your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes,
       including profiling for this purpose.

   To whom we may disclose your data?

   We will make efforts to process your data on our own. However, we may
   need to disclose your personal data to service providers acting on our
   behalf, e.g. IT services, analytical services, advertising services,
   cloud or host services providers.
   Do we transfer your data outside the EEA?

   We may transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area,
   i.e. to the territory of United States of America for which the
   European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision (Privacy Shield),
   in order to protect storage and processing of data using IT services,
   as well as operating the site and providing our services. The EU-U.S.
   Privacy Shield framework is a "partial" adequacy decision (concern only
   the companies committing to abiding by the binding Privacy Shield
   principles).

   In such cases your personal data will be transferred to the territory
   of USA in accordance with applicable laws and with appropriate
   safeguards in place only to Privacy Shield certified vendors or by
   using standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission,
   or based on other applicable transborder data transfer mechanisms.

   If you are located in the EEA, you may contact us and require a copy of
   the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your data
   transferred outside of the EEA and your privacy rights in these
   circumstances.

   You may also learn more about Privacy Shield Program here
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview and about European
   Commission Decision on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of
   personal data to processors established in third countries here
   https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=celex%3A32010D0087.
   How long will we be processing your personal data?

   We will be processing your data no longer than necessary for the
   completion of the above-mentioned purposes. Additionally, you can at
   any time object to it by contacting us (as described in section “How to
   contact us?” above). In these circumstances, your personal data will be
   processed until you object to it. Where you have consented to marketing
   communications via e-mail for our marketing purposes (e.g. you agree to
   receive our newsletter), you may withdraw your consent at any time by
   contacting as well as you may unsubscribe from newsletter at any time
   by clicking the unsubscribe link in an e-mail from us. In these
   circumstances, your personal data will be processed until you withdraw
   the consent.
   What are your rights?

   Codewise will respect your legal rights to your data listed below:
     * the right to access your personal data
     * the right to rectify or erase your personal data (“right to be
       forgotten”)
     * the right to restrict the processing of your personal data
     * the right to object to the processing of your personal data (to the
       extent to which it is processed because it is necessary for our
       legitimate interests)
     * the right to withdraw at any time your consent to processing of
       your personal data, to the extent to which it is processed on this
       basis, however, the withdrawal of consent does not affect the
       compliance of the processing which was made on its basis before the
       withdrawal of the consent
     * the right to data portability.

   You can manage and control your privacy rights by contacting our data
   protection officer: dpo@codewise.com.

   You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
   authority at any time you consider that the processing of your personal
   data infringes the GDPR.
   Where can you learn more about processing of your personal data?

   Codewise pays great attention to protecting your privacy. That is why
   we provide you with our Privacy Policy describing our approach to your
   privacy.

     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Case studies
          + Case studies
          + ClickLogiq
          + ITF
     * Resources
          + Resources
          + Documentation
          + Video Tutorials
     * Company
          + Company
          + Contact Us
          + About Us

     * Create Free Account
     * Sign in
    #Voluum DSP Native Ad Platform » Home Comments Feed alternate
   alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MZFQVZX

   Voluum DSP Native Advertsing Platform

     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Case studies
          + ClickLogiq
          + ITF
     * Resources
          + Documentation
          + Video Tutorials
     * Company
          + Contact Us
          + About Us

   Sign in create account

Native Ad Platform: Get Your Ads Noticed

   Profit from content delivered to the right people at scale
   Create Free Account

Real-Time Reporting

   Live data with cross-group reports

Content Targeting

   3X higher CTR. Decrease CPC by 50%

Media Buyer Support

   Consultation and assistance at hand

   Voluum DSP Native Advertising Platform Interface

VOLUUM DSP

   Premium Programmatic Media Buying Platform

   Buy traffic from multiple ad exchanges, gather data in one place, and
   optimize effectively.

TRAFFIC VOLUME

   Reach The Right People Globally
   (BUTTON) Native (BUTTON) Display
   [All countries_______________________________]

   1,235,675,072

   Impressions per day for the selected country

   210 billion

   Ad requests monthly

   200 countries

   Traffic available from all over the world

   100,000+

   Impressions available per second

Voluum DSP Features

   All You Need to Maximize Your Profits

Advanced Targeting

   Reach the right audience. Increase ad engagement. Boost brand
   awareness.

Rule-Based Optimization

   Create rules that take action for you. Pause sites that do not meet
   your KPIs.

Access Data in Real-Time

   Quickly access cross-group reports. Analyse data for multiple selected
   dimensions.

Auto-Bid Optimization

   Adjust your bid strategy using AI with machine learning algorithms.
   Discover all features

   Native and Display Ad formats mobile
   Native and Display Ad formats tablet
   Native and Display Ad formats desktop

NATIVE AND MOBILE DISPLAY AD FORMATS

   Advertise with High‑Performing Formats
     * In-Feed
     * Recommended Content Widgets
     * Web Comment Feed
     * In-App and many more...

   Create Free Account

ACQUISITION FUNNELS AND VERTICALS

   Proven to Work For
   (BUTTON) Sales (BUTTON) Lead Generation (BUTTON) Brand Awareness
   (BUTTON) Installs

Sales

   Sales Verticals
   E-commerce
   Anti Virus
   Health & Beauty

Lead Generation

   Lead Generation Verticals
   MobileWeb
   Trading
   Finance

Brand Awareness

   Brand Awareness Verticals
   News
   Content
   Blogs

Installs

   Installs Verticals
   Mobile Applications
   Software

TRAFFIC SOURCES

   The Top Native Traffic in One Platform

   native
   Taboola
   Outbrain
   Liveintent
   Powerinbox
   Quantum
   MGID
   My6sense
   Mobfox
   Nativo
   RevContent
   Polymorph
   Adnow
   Triplelift
   Runative
   EngageYa
   Improve Digital
   Mopub
   Smaato
   Admixer
   show more

   display
   Mobfox
   Rhythmone
   Admixer
   Pubmatic

Testimonials

   Read What Our Clients Say
   Hagi Klein
   Media Team Leader at ClickLogiq
   Read Case Study
   Heba Tallah Abouhamd
   Media Planner at ITF
   Read Case Study
   Daria Sukhova
   Digital Account Manager at Kromtech

   VoluumDSP is a remarkable DSP. It offers quick access to large and
   varied inventory. The system is easy to operate and enables optimal
   monitoring of your performance. The team consists of subject matter
   experts, willing to help at any time.

   Voluum DSP is definitely a top-notch advertising partner that any
   successful digital marketing agency should incorporate into its plans.

   What I really like about Voluum DSP is the possibility of micro-bidding
   strategy, transparency, a lot of white-hat inventory that does not
   damage a company's reputation and the assistance of devoted account
   managers.

Push Your Advertising to New Heights

   Voluum DSP — make your media buying strategy your best one yet
   Create Free Account

Recommended tracker

   Voluum Affiliate Tracker

Push, Pop, Domain Traffic

   Zeropark

About

     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Case study - ClickLogiq
     * Case study - ITF

Resources

     * Documentation
     * Video Tutorials

Company

     * About Us
     * Contact Us

   Product of Codewise
   codewise facebook codewise twitter codewise linkedin voluum youtube
   codewise instagram

     * End User Privacy Policy
     * Cookies Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms and conditions
     * DPA

   VoluumDSP © 2019

   × Who is the controller of your personal data?

   Codewise spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k., a Krakow-based
   ad tech company, incorporated under the laws of Poland, with a
   registered office at Lubicz 17G, 31 – 503 Krakow, Poland, registered in
   the entrepreneurs register of the National Court Register held by the
   District Court for Krakow – Śródmieście in Krakow, XI Commercial
   Division of National Court Register (Sąd Rejonowy dla Krakowa –
   Śródmieścia w Krakowie, XI Wydział Gospodarczy Krajowego Rejestru
   Sądowego) under the number: KRS 0000402705, tax ID (NIP): 5213623147,
   further referred to as: “Codewise”, “us”.
   How to contact us?

   You can contact us using the contact form that can be found on our
   website (www.codewise.com/contact/) or via e-mail: hello@codewise.com.
   You can also contact our data protection officer: dpo@codewise.com.
   Why do we need your personal data and what is our legal basis for using
   them?

   We process your personal data for the purposes set out below, based on
   our legitimate interest, which is:
     * contacting you when you use our contact form
     * marketing activities related to you, including direct marketing of
       our own services, as well as contacting with you for purposes
       related to permitted marketing activities.

   We also ask you for your voluntary consent for a specific form of
   marketing: sending commercial information via e-mail/sending newsletter
   in accordance with applicable law (law on telecommunications, act on
   provision of services by electronic means).

   Legal basis: art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. GDPR
   Is processing of personal data voluntary?

   Yes, the processing of your personal data is voluntary. You don’t have
   to give us your data (like an e-mail address) but it will help us
   contact you or share with you latest information about our promotions
   and offers (our marketing purposes). If you do not provide us with this
   information, we will not be able to do it. You also don’t need to agree
   to the receiving of commercial information via e-mail from us – it is
   always your choice.
   In what situations can you object to the processing of your personal
   data?

   You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data
   when:
     * the processing of your personal data is based on a legitimate
       interest or for statistical purposes, and the opposition is
       justified by the particular situation in which you have found
       yourself,
     * your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes,
       including profiling for this purpose.

   To whom we may disclose your data?

   We will make efforts to process your data on our own. However, we may
   need to disclose your personal data to service providers acting on our
   behalf, e.g. IT services, analytical services, advertising services,
   cloud or host services providers.
   Do we transfer your data outside the EEA?

   We may transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area,
   i.e. to the territory of United States of America for which the
   European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision (Privacy Shield),
   in order to protect storage and processing of data using IT services,
   as well as operating the site and providing our services. The EU-U.S.
   Privacy Shield framework is a "partial" adequacy decision (concern only
   the companies committing to abiding by the binding Privacy Shield
   principles).

   In such cases your personal data will be transferred to the territory
   of USA in accordance with applicable laws and with appropriate
   safeguards in place only to Privacy Shield certified vendors or by
   using standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission,
   or based on other applicable transborder data transfer mechanisms.

   If you are located in the EEA, you may contact us and require a copy of
   the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your data
   transferred outside of the EEA and your privacy rights in these
   circumstances.

   You may also learn more about Privacy Shield Program here
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview and about European
   Commission Decision on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of
   personal data to processors established in third countries here
   https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=celex%3A32010D0087.
   How long will we be processing your personal data?

   We will be processing your data no longer than necessary for the
   completion of the above-mentioned purposes. Additionally, you can at
   any time object to it by contacting us (as described in section “How to
   contact us?” above). In these circumstances, your personal data will be
   processed until you object to it. Where you have consented to marketing
   communications via e-mail for our marketing purposes (e.g. you agree to
   receive our newsletter), you may withdraw your consent at any time by
   contacting as well as you may unsubscribe from newsletter at any time
   by clicking the unsubscribe link in an e-mail from us. In these
   circumstances, your personal data will be processed until you withdraw
   the consent.
   What are your rights?

   Codewise will respect your legal rights to your data listed below:
     * the right to access your personal data
     * the right to rectify or erase your personal data (“right to be
       forgotten”)
     * the right to restrict the processing of your personal data
     * the right to object to the processing of your personal data (to the
       extent to which it is processed because it is necessary for our
       legitimate interests)
     * the right to withdraw at any time your consent to processing of
       your personal data, to the extent to which it is processed on this
       basis, however, the withdrawal of consent does not affect the
       compliance of the processing which was made on its basis before the
       withdrawal of the consent
     * the right to data portability.

   You can manage and control your privacy rights by contacting our data
   protection officer: dpo@codewise.com.

   You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
   authority at any time you consider that the processing of your personal
   data infringes the GDPR.
   Where can you learn more about processing of your personal data?

   Codewise pays great attention to protecting your privacy. That is why
   we provide you with our Privacy Policy describing our approach to your
   privacy.

     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Case studies
          + Case studies
          + ClickLogiq
          + ITF
     * Resources
          + Resources
          + Documentation
          + Video Tutorials
     * Company
          + Company
          + Contact Us
          + About Us

     * Create Free Account
     * Sign in
