   #World's Most Interesting Pictures and Images - Atom World's Most
   Interesting Pictures and Images - RSS

World's Most Interesting Pictures and Images

   New interesting pictures every day - World's most amazing images from
   places all over the planet.

6.3.18

Best Girl Finder Online - no more go to club

   Do not stay stuck before. The first thing people need to learn when it
   comes to relationship as an adult is that this will be an entirely new
   experience and thus don't compare exactly the person you're dating to
   previous relationships or find a slut.
   [1%2B%252826%2529.jpg]
   You do not want to compete with the ghosts of your significant other's
   past so don't put them through the same contrast process. Likewise
   don't compare to the way you're in previous relationships. Learn from
   the past, but move on from it.
   If you're just starting out try http://www.slutfinderclub.com, it's
   good to go out on set dates at which there's less pressure or meet the
   individual at events where there will be plenty of people. You don't
   need to begin using the whole flowers and dinner type of date. Go
   bowling or play laser tag or volunteer collectively. If it does not end
   up working out with them, at least you had a fantastic time.
   Do not let your connection define and consume you. Love as adults isn't
   obsessing over the other person how you would over your favorite TV
   show or sports team. Adult love means that we come into the connection
   as ourselves and the best form of love is just one where we preserve
   our credibility and integrity.
   You shouldn't bend over backward to try and please the person who
   you're with. Real love is the kind where the person we adore stands
   beside us instead of making our decisions for us or seeking to take the
   pieces of us that they like and putting the rest of us in a box. If the
   person you're dating appears to be a control freak, get out of that
   connection or go to club
   Posted by Una at 7:55 AM

27.2.18

How to find a girl in club

   [slutfinder.jpg]
   Today I will tell you little story. There is girl on photo I found in
   club. But this is note real club where everybody go dancing. It is
   online dating site calling www.slutfinder.club where you can find lots
   of girls who like to chat and meet in real life.
   On this photo are actually reali girl in my home taking selfie. I
   blured out her face, I believe she not liking her half naked photo on
   the internet. Ok this is my story. Just go there and try to start chat.
   Good luck.
   Posted by Una at 6:43 AM

1.12.17

Beautiful girl from BDSM dating site

   So if you like kinky stuff, then you will like this amazing picture.
   Its is from best bdsm dating website I know. This kinky girl is real, I
   found her on that site and even start to chat with her. We exchanged
   with some hot pictures later. Only problem is that I live in another
   continent, so it is pretty hard to meet her in real life.
   [bdsm-dating.jpg]
   But if you are from United States, then you can try your luck and
   contact her. She is really cute and likes many fetishes. Her favorite
   fetish is take photos of herself in different kinky clothes. But if you
   are from UK like me, then register anyway, there are lots of girls who
   like this stuff too.
   Posted by Una at 2:35 PM

20.7.10

Potato bug is coming

   This is one of the rare potato bug pictures! Beautiful moment caught by
   amateur photographer Julia Jelshina in her own garden in late afternoon
   right before rain. She wanted to take pictures of fresh flowers and
   accidentally found this little fellow sitting on piece of metal! There
   is no photoshop used in that picture and this beautiful blur effect you
   see is on photo because of camera's focus settings! Front is unfocused
   but potato bug is dominant object of the picture! That is why picture
   looks natural and unique!
   Labels: beautiful, Julia Jelshina, potato bug Posted by Una at 5:58 AM

25.2.10

Tracks on the lake

   This is very nice example of photoshop art, you can see dark tracks on
   the lake and however colors differ from one another pretty much and
   they are kinda juicy, overall this photo is dark which reminds some
   loch ness monster pictures. If you look at this photograph for the
   first time it seems to be wow and you think how was it made, but than
   if you look closer you can see that in the middle colors of rocks are
   darker and colder.
   Labels: lake, loch ness monster pictures Posted by Una at 4:34 PM

8.2.10

Nature - Fire on the amazon

   Big fire on Amazon brought mess and destruction to our nature! It put
   animals into a hell on Earth! Many of them were hurt and uncountable
   numbers of live creatures died. The ones who survived had no place to
   go because big part of forest burned to zero and what had left is only
   black dust everywhere. Every year fire destroys many beautiful and
   unique places on Earth and takes away thousands of human and animal
   lives. It destroys people houses and other properties, sometimes whole
   villages or even small towns. It breaks families and separates friends.
   Sometimes it is caused by people's action, sometimes by nature which
   maybe responds that way to what we do to it. Maybe if we were more
   responsible and took care of our nature there wouldn't be such things
   like fire on Amazon.
   Labels: amazon, earth, fire, nature Posted by Una at 3:25 PM

18.11.09

Beautiful mountain landscape

   You can see a beautiful mountain landscape on this picture. Who
   wouldn't like to visit such an amazing place? This is unique northern
   nature view. Colors of this picture are gorgeous and very hard to find.
   This picture would be perfect as a computer's wallpaper. That place
   looks so peaceful and quiet. And it is so relaxing to look at this
   picture.
   Labels: lake, montain. landscape, winter Posted by Una at 2:07 AM

10.10.09

World's most beautiful beaches

   Whoever wouldn't wanted to visit world's most beautiful beaches with
   white sands and turquoise water surrounded by sun and warm breeze.
   There are thousands of such places where you can feel like in paradise
   on the Earth. Many travel agencies offer to go on vacation to many
   popular resorts where you can enjoy such exciting activities like scuba
   diving, sea fishing, surfing or you can relax in resort SPA hotels to
   get back your shape, beauty and get rid of every day stress. You also
   can try local food in resort restaurants or get experience and
   knowledge about traditions of place where you are. Many people choose
   active way of spending their vacations which also takes a lot money and
   energy, but there is another way of spending your holidays which is
   cheaper and isn't so exhausting. You can go to some beautiful beaches
   and enjoy sun and sea all day long.
   Labels: beautiful beaches Posted by Una at 6:19 AM

28.8.09

Full moon has fallen from sky into the sea

   At this picture you can see moon on the surface of the sea. This
   photoshop work is just great. The sky have that amazing metallic or
   chrome look, but water seems to be natural, but it looks like that it
   wasn't taken from some picture of the sea or ocean but from some
   smaller source like lake, river or even pool, because as you see it
   looks to still and little waves are too close to us what means that it
   is a small area and color is changed to greenish. Full moon looks a
   little bit transparent and like some lightening effects are applied on
   top of it.
   Reflection of Earth's best friend on the water may be the same
   transparent moon with lower opacity and stretched a bit. This could
   look more realistic if the water and reflection on it would be applied
   in perspective, or at least if reflection would. But except a few small
   mistakes this photo of moon looks very good.
   Labels: full moon, moon, sea, sky Posted by Una at 3:06 AM

24.8.09

Yellow Lemons with Green Leaf

   This picture of lemons looks very juicy, isn't it? When you only take a
   look at those yellow guys you can already feel that sour taste in your
   mouth and it gets full of saliva right away. That lemons look so
   perfect that you can hardly believe they are real not a fake decoration
   or a toy. Only green leaf looks pretty realistic but it's color is made
   over saturated.
   These fruits are very good for our health, they are so refreshing and
   nothing kills thirst better than a glass of fresh lemonade. Some people
   eat them just like that but for most of people it is pretty extreme
   thing because of how sour they are. That is why mostly these fruits are
   used for making a lots of different dishes, lemon will fit with almost
   all kind of food and drinks, from sweet ones to general dishes and all
   kind of appetizers. Meat and especially fish dishes are delicious with
   a little bit of lemon juice on them.
   Lemons are one of the best sources of vitamin C which is very important
   in every day of a humans life so try to eat this wonderful creation of
   nature every single day!
   Labels: green leaf, lemons, yellow Posted by Una at 9:54 AM
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Categories

     * amazon (1)
     * angel (2)
     * antarctica (1)
     * autumn (1)
     * ball (1)
     * bear (1)
     * beautiful (4)
     * beautiful beaches (1)
     * black spots (1)
     * cat (3)
     * chameleon (1)
     * cute (1)
     * delicious (1)
     * demilune (1)
     * dog (1)
     * earth (2)
     * eye (2)
     * fire (4)
     * fireworks (1)
     * full moon (1)
     * girl (2)
     * glass (2)
     * gothic (1)
     * green (1)
     * green leaf (3)
     * gull (1)
     * hand (1)
     * hole (1)
     * Julia Jelshina (1)
     * kitten (1)
     * koala bears (1)
     * ladybug (1)
     * lake (3)
     * landscape (1)
     * lemons (1)
     * Lime (1)
     * loch ness monster pictures (1)
     * love (2)
     * macro effect (1)
     * montain. landscape (1)
     * moon (3)
     * nature (3)
     * paint (1)
     * paris (1)
     * parrots (1)
     * potato bug (1)
     * red (1)
     * sea (2)
     * seagull (1)
     * sky (1)
     * snow (1)
     * space (1)
     * stars (1)
     * sunflower (2)
     * tiger (1)
     * town (1)
     * water (2)
     * weddings (1)
     * wings (1)
     * winter (4)
     * yellow (1)

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2018 (2)
          + ▼  March (1)
               o Best Girl Finder Online - no more go to club
          + ►  February (1)

     * ►  2017 (1)
          + ►  December (1)

     * ►  2010 (3)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  February (2)

     * ►  2009 (33)
          + ►  November (1)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  August (17)
          + ►  July (14)

   Theme images by Interesting Pictures. Powered by Blogger.
