   #My Mix of Six - Atom My Mix of Six - RSS

   My Mix of Six

Thursday, March 16, 2017

Dad thinks of you like I think of the TOILET

   We have this giant chalkboard in our master bathroom. I’m talking like
   two feet by three feet. It has been fun leaving notes to each other.
   Stephen’s notes usually always bring a smile to me face.

   One day he left the following note…

   20170130_105054

   As I was doing Jerrica’s hair in my bathroom she looked up and read the
   note. Then without hesitation she told me “Dad thinks about you, like I
   think about the toilet”. I couldn’t help but burst out in laughter.
   That girl kills me with her funny comments!
   Posted by Unknown at 7:08 AM 3 comments: Links to this post

February Happenings

   February flew by and I need to document all that happened before it is
   forgotten. I tried downloading pics from my phone to keep with my pics
   on my computer, and hopefully this year will be more organized!

   Ashley had a lot of fun with friends. She is always going to some party
   and SO badly wants to have a phone of her own to text all of her
   friends.

   20170128_131105 20170203_120825

   20170211_091459

   She brought Gabby to one of Jerrica’s basketball games and they were
   “chosen” to keep the clock, maybe a new job for the future.

   We kept the kids’ mailboxes stuffed with goodies and notes from the
   first until Valentine’s Day. One day after school the little girls
   helped me do origami hearts out of five dollar bills for the mailboxes.
   I was a little bothered when the kids quickly unfolded them to stick
   the money in their wallets, but I guess you can’t hand a cashier a
   fancy origami heart.

   20170209_161529 20170213_111242 20170214_113130

   We had our annual fancy chocolate fondue party with the kids’ photo
   books for Valentines. Those books are always a labor of love, but I
   sure enjoy those sweet faces as they carefully look at each page. I
   printed a paperback book to send to Jacob in Mexico. Stephen surprised
   me with an InstaPot and favorite treats.

   Lots of trips to Great Wolf Lodge with the kids and their friends.
   Nathan works there and is always quick to hook us up with passes. He
   even took his friends one day. Stephen had a member of his team die
   during February. Stephen had called me from work emotional that this
   young man had died the night before. We both talked about how quick
   life can pass by. When I got off the phone I drove to the school with
   swimsuits and pulled all of my high schoolers out. I told them we were
   going to go play at Great Wolf. We ended our afternoon with a special
   treat at a restaurant, but the real treat was spending the day with
   them!

   20170207_122917 GW19

   GW GW7 GW10 GW13 GW14 GW29

   We saw quite a few movies. I really enjoyed Hidden Figures!

   20170220_101203_1487623566799

   Nathan got an amazing patriarchle blessing. Everyone was crying. The
   Stake Patriarch said "I have given over 200 blessings and I can say
   this man is one of the most special that I have been given the
   privilege to bless.” Oh how we LOVE Nathan! I too think that he is
   pretty incredible!

   20170226_190836

   We have had a very mild winter, like not much snow at all. However, one
   day was very frosty and crisp. Everything was white!

   Cold

   Lots of basketball games for the month of February. I will have to
   highlight a few of my favorite pics in another post. Jerrica’s teacher
   from last year LOVES Jerrica, like in the way that she still gives her
   sweet notes and gifts. They are Harry Potter nerds together. Anyway,
   she usually takes tickets at the door for the basketball games and
   Jerrica curls right up beside her to help. I almost enjoyed watching
   them giggle and talk more than I enjoyed watching the games. I would
   always text Ms. Kane to send Jerrica over to me so that she wouldn’t be
   bugging her, but she would always beg to let Jerrica stay and keep her
   company.

   MissKane

   The girls had New Beginnings at church with a Wizard of Oz theme. It
   blows my mind that Ashley will turn 12 this year and be part of Young
   Women! The big girls also had a fun youth conference at the Broadmoor
   building during the month of February. I am always grateful for the
   little uplift that the talks and activities are for my children
   spiritually.

   NewBegin

   This month was also filled with ward conferences that kept me busy. It
   was weird how I longed to be sitting with my own family in the chapel.
   There is just something about being together as a family, and with mine
   growing so fast I know my time is ticking.

   Also this month, everything broke and stretched our budget a little
   further than it’s used to. However, there were blessings mixed in with
   all of it and our outlook changed on certain things. Our old neighbor
   came to fix our oven. He has an appliance repair business. I took one
   look at him when he came to fix it and knew that he would die in my
   house. He has leukemia and his color was so ashen and his weight loss
   was so unbelievable. He couldn’t walk on his own. We cried together as
   he talked about probably not making it through the summer. I thought of
   my problems and it put them right back into perspective.
   Posted by Unknown at 6:50 AM 1 comment: Links to this post

Friday, March 10, 2017

Afterschool Snacks

   I love when I’m able to have a treat when the kids get home from
   school. There is just something about those sweet faces that light up
   when they see a goodie I made that TOTALLY lights up my heart. I bake
   cookies and bars, but have been trying a few other treats lately and
   thought that I would share.

   ChexMix

   This was a churro Chex mix from the other day. A friend of mine makes
   goodies for the girls when they have away games. She gave me some and I
   was sold on the texture and taste. Here is that recipe…

   Recipe

   This next one is one that I haven’t personally tried because I really
   don’t care for peanut butter. However, I have tried finding recipes
   with peanut butter to help give my kids a little more protein. Kaylee
   LOVES this treat!

   Recipe2
   Posted by Unknown at 8:53 AM No comments: Links to this post
   Labels: Recipes

Monday, March 6, 2017

DoNut forget to Pray

   Our last week of FHE on prayer was centered around a treat the Stephen
   picked up in Denver on his way home. HOT Krispy Kreme’s…. well maybe
   not too hot.

   Krispy Prayer

   They were in these cool Power Ranger boxes, which made it even more
   exciting. I printed off a cut printable to add to our fridge collection
   on prayer.

   We discussed Enos and the verbs that are used in that chapter. We
   talked about how he prayed and how we should. We shared thoughts and
   ideas on prayer. I think I have sufficiently inundated them about
   prayer this month, and you know what…. you can tell that we have talked
   about prayer just by listening to them in our family prayer.

   “Prayer unlocks the powers of heaven in our behalf” – Gordon B Hinckley
   Posted by Unknown at 7:57 AM No comments: Links to this post
   Labels: FHE

Speedracing Prayer FHE

   The month of February we have been focusing on prayer. One night we
   pulled out the quote by Corrie Ten Boom to analyze.

   15921faa2aa9418b2baff7f619d9a703

   We talked with all of the drivers asking them how often they touch and
   use the steering wheel as they are trying to get to their destination.
   Then we moved on to the spare tire and asked once again how often that
   was used. Is it really important to have a spare tire? Of course in an
   emergency it’s essential however for everyday we MUST have a steering
   wheel. The steering wheel is what directs and guides us. Yet so often
   prayer isn’t used like that, but instead in those emergencies of life
   we pull out a prayer for a plea of help.

   After our discussion we headed to the Overdrive Speedway that just
   opened by the kids’ school. SO much fun!

   SpeedRacer SpeedRacer3 SpeedRacer6 SpeedRacer7 SpeedRacer8 SpeedRacer9

   As we drove home we finished with another discussion of how often they
   used their spare tire versus the steering while during their race. I
   challenged them to make their prayers a daily steering wheel guiding
   them through their days.
   Posted by Unknown at 7:46 AM No comments: Links to this post
   Labels: FHE

Tuesday, February 28, 2017

Play Eat Play Eat Play Eat

   Stephen had to work and Nathan was busy, SO the girls and I decided to
   have a day to ourselves. My first instinct was let’s get some spring
   cleaning done. However, the more I thought about that the more I didn’t
   want to do that. PLUS, the weather was going to be in the low 70’s. We
   had to get out and enjoy it! Plans were made and off we went.

   We started at the movie theater for the first showing of “Lion”. I
   bawled like a baby at the end of the movie and was embarrassed to look
   at people as we left the theater. The movie is about a young boy in
   India that gets lost from his brother. He ends up in Australia and the
   story is about trying to find his way home. I couldn’t help but be
   overwhelmed by the mother bond that he had with both mothers. Anyway,
   it was a really good movie!

   lion_ver5

   We then headed over to a fun pizza place to grab some lunch. We needed
   a little energy to hike.

   GG3

   My kids know how much I enjoy hiking and are sure good sports to put up
   with me. Kaylee practiced with her camera for her photography class.
   Rebecca told us all of her drama at school and the little girls rolled
   their eyes at all of it.

   We hiked a little trail near Garden of the Gods. Such an absolutely
   gorgeous day!

   GG GG2

   Oh how I love these sweet girls and their different personalities! Oh
   how grateful I am that one of them didn’t end up in Australia like in
   the movie!

   GG4

   Selfies always make me smile!

   GG5

   GG8

   We hike Pancake Rocks a lot. The girls thought the different layers in
   the rock looked like bacon and deemed this the Bacon Rock Hike.

   GG10 GG12 GG14 GG17 GG19

   As soon as we were good and tired, we headed back to the van. I knew
   that we had burned quite a few calories so we needed something else to
   eat….

                    Image result for nothing bundt cakes

   Mixed with Costco’s smoothie we were able to replenish our sugar
   levels. I have decided that days like this are what I enjoy most. They
   always involve, play, eat, play, eat, play, eat….

   We ended the day going over to a friend’s house for dinner and then a
   really fun Family Home Evening that I will have to post. It was a
   beautiful day with my four beautiful daughters! SO grateful for the
   time that I have with them.
   Posted by Unknown at 7:44 AM No comments: Links to this post

Thursday, February 23, 2017

Baby Projects

   My baby still loves showing off her projects and tests. My high
   schoolers tend to hide their tests and papers in their backpacks, but
   not Jerrica.

   She still posts her spelling tests on the fridge, has a grin with her
   school projects, and gets so excited for special days at school that
   you would think the day was her birthday.

   She came home last night with a “Cursive License” and you would have
   thought that she was 16 showing me her drivers license. We immediately
   put it on the fridge for all to see! This included the appliance repair
   man that stopped by last night. He saw it, and oohed and ahhed all over
   that cursive license. The smile that shined through her braces as he
   was praising her made me gush!

   So I must post all of her stuff least we forget. There was Viking Day
   at the first of February.

   Viking day Viking Day2

   Complete with making shields, stories, drumsticks and rice pudding.
   Jerrica believes that this would have been a fun time period to live
   in, yet I beg to differ. Why did they have to wear such heavy furs and
   coats? Ugh, because it was awfully cold where they lived.

   Jer Projects

   Here is her animal puppet that she had to make to go with her animal
   report. She also dissected an owl pellet that was filled with little
   bones. They had to put the bones together to prove that the owl had
   eaten a mouse. Then of course a colored and labeled 3-D globe that can
   be hung up in her room.

   School is AWESOME, according to Jerrica!
   Posted by Unknown at 11:02 AM No comments: Links to this post

Wednesday, February 22, 2017

Expensive Cheap Art

   I absolutely LOVE art! There is something about it that moves me, makes
   me think and feel. I love the messages that are sent through art.

   My problem though, is that it is very expensive. I sometimes dread
   telling Stephen how much I spent on some home decor item. He never sees
   it as a need such as food. However, I enjoy nice things to look at in
   our home, and I believe that art brings a spirit into a home.

   ANYWAY, I have loved this piece since I first saw it. The painting is
   by Brian Kershisnik and is called “She Will Find What is Lost”. Here is
   what Brian said about his artwork….

   “If I may ask it of you, I ask that you respect that my intention for
   this piece was to speak to the most intensely private and intimate kind
   of supernatural interference, influence, and assistance, whatever your
   particular experience.  I don’t have to agree with you to believe that
   whatever your gender, circumstance, or issue, many unseen forces are
   interested in you, love you, and work to influence matters for your
   profound benefit.  Most of what we all do is resist it, misinterpret
   it, or mess it up, but my experience indicates that these unseen
   efforts persist impossibly.  I thank God for that.”

   Art

   I love it and can relate to it! There are SO many special people in my
   life guiding and helping me, some I don’t even see. Not a day goes by
   without someone influencing and helping me. I am not alone! Each person
   reaching out to me keeps me smiling, keeps me learning, keeps loving
   me, and keeps me going.

   Art is definitely not cheap. It shouldn’t be either considering  all of
   the time and creativity that goes into a piece. So to have this
   expensive art, I cut up my magazines for it. Yes, there are parts of
   the picture that don’t make it into the frame because it had text on
   it, but the parts that DO make it into the frame remind me of why I
   enjoy it so much. Anyway, my Ensign from this month is now cut up and
   framed AND we are enjoying it!
   Posted by Unknown at 7:38 AM No comments: Links to this post

Thursday, February 16, 2017

Why do bad things happen to good people?

   I have found that is EXACTLY why bad things happen because they are
   good people!

   I see time and time again sweet, kind friends being hammered with one
   thing after another. I think to myself why do they have to endure so
   many trials and problems. I remember Nathan’s junior year during soccer
   when he got hurt and a few others were out with ACL’s and other
   injuries. I started wondering, why is it all of these good kids that
   are getting hurt, why not some of these punks?!? As I was voicing my
   frustration to my sister Alesha, she told me “maybe that’s why they ARE
   good kids because of the trials they have had to go through”. That hit
   me hard because it rang true to my heart!

   These last few days have been hard for me. On Saturday Stephen was hit
   from behind at a stop light. The other driver tried to create her “own”
   lane and pull up to a stop between the two lanes WITH two cars that
   were already there. She didn’t have any insurance. As I talked with
   Stephen I thought that everything would be fine since we have
   comprehensive insurance, yet he reminded me that we would still have to
   pay the $500 deductible. What? She doesn’t pay insurance AND gets to
   walk away without fixing our vehicles?!?!?

   Then Tuesday morning Stephen walks out to the garage to clean off the
   back window of our new to us car, that we had just bought that weekend.
   Somehow the window shatters, not just a crack but SHATTERED! Once again
   that’s $250 to replace and so now within a few days we are up to $750
   to just fix what we already owned! I immediately start thinking what
   are we doing wrong, but after studying this for a while now, I should
   immediately ALSO think what are we doing right in our lives to make
   Heavenly Father think that we are ready to grow more.

   I thought of this quote when I was thinking about my original question,
   “Learning often becomes more acute and precise and has greater depth
   when brought about by adversity.” Good people want to learn and
   progress. They don’t want to remain stagnant. Adversity brings on that
   learning needed to really grow.

   I have been reading and studying this book lately and loved this quote
   in it, “Heavenly Father would not deny enriching but stretching divine
   tutorials to ‘any’ who follow Him, especially those who have already
   done much to prove their love for Him and are thus ready for further
   lessons.” He gives trials to those that he LOVES!

   I need to step back and realize that sometimes it takes a life lesson
   to help me grow. I also need to think that it’s not just what He is
   trying to teach me, but what he is trying to help me BECOME!

   I love the quote by Neal A Maxwell, “Life lessons and trials, whether
   slow and stressful or sudden and harsh call for us to ponder, again and
   again, the implications of His divine perspective “the Son of Man hath
   descended below them all, Art thou greater than he?”

   So as I’m studying and putting all of this together I start thinking of
   dear friends and family, I start analyzing different events from my
   life and how they have affected me and made me who I am. I couldn’t
   help but agreeing with my sister about that’s why they are good people,
   they have endured challenges and are stronger for it. “We have to
   develop our spiritual muscles, build up our spiritual wind, strengthen
   our spiritual endurance if we are going to win this race and claim the
   prize. You don’t run marathons by taking a taxicab across the route
   several times. You don’t gain patience by getting instant gratification
   or relief every time you call on the Lord.”

   Then comes in the well known analogy by CS Lewis of the house ….

   Imagine yourself as a living house. God comes in to rebuild that house.
   At first, perhaps, you can understand what He is doing. He is getting
   the drains right and stopping the leaks in the roof and so on; you knew
   that those jobs needed doing and so you are not surprised. But
   presently He starts knocking the house about in a way that hurts
   abominably and does not seem to make any sense. What on earth is He up
   to? The explanation is that He is building quite a different house from
   the one you thought of - throwing out a new wing here, putting on an
   extra floor there, running up towers, making courtyards. You thought
   you were being made into a decent little cottage: but He is building a
   palace.

   Yes, he can build a mansion out of me. I don’t want to be some little
   shack that shakes in the wind and cold. It will be a pain as I’m thrown
   challenges during my remodeling, but each stage I will grow stronger.
   Therefore, I need to take each challenge as an offer for growth and see
   it that way.

   “If you focus on the hurt, you will continue to suffer. If you focus on
   the lesson, you will continue to grow.”

   AND then to remember in the back of my head… Psalm 34:19 “Many are the
   afflictions of the righteous but the Lord delivereth him out of them
   all” There is an end, there is a deliverance.

   Of course with all of this thought and study, I had to delve into Job.
   Here is a man that even the scriptures said was “perfect”, in Job 1:1
   it states that there was a man named Job who was “perfect and upright,
   and one that feared God, and eschewed evil”. Job literally had it ALL
   going on with family, work, life! Then of course as we all know he lost
   his animals, servants, children, health.. he suffered enourmously “yet
   I trust in Him” (Job 13:15) was Job’s response. I can’t even imagine
   all that Job gained in the eternal scheme but in the end the Lord even
   gave him “twice as much as he had before” (Job 42:10)

   Everything will work out, it ALWAYS does. I just need to remind myself
   that there are things to be learned and growth to be made that couldn’t
   occur otherwise. I just had to get my thoughts out because I’m sure
   just like I go back to this blog for recipes and photos, I will need to
   go back for some comfort when my future challenges are at the door.
   Posted by Unknown at 8:56 AM No comments: Links to this post
   Labels: Life Lesson

Wednesday, February 15, 2017

Prayer FHE

   This month for FHE we are focusing on prayer. One night after our
   dinner prayer and then later the family prayer, I just couldn’t take it
   anymore. I felt like we were going through the motions, saying the same
   lines, rotating through turns of who is supposed to prayer, and
   basically just doing it because it was routine. I knew that we
   definitely needed to study prayer as a family a bit more.
   We started out with this video montage of movie prayers and talked
   about how awkward some of the prayers were because there was no
   relationship or experience praying, yet how heartfelt and sincere other
   prayers were.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/umJ-TO6wrck

   I had printed up the talk from Elder Richard G Scott, “Using the
   Supernal Gift of Prayer”, and handed out a copy to everyone on Sunday.
   I told them to highlight and bring it to FHE the next night. I smiled
   at Jerrica’s copy because it was all a solid highlighted pink. We had
   an amazing discussion about this incredible talk that is filled with
   thoughts and ideas on prayer.
   Then the pressure was on Rebecca to end our FHE after having just
   analyzed prayer, but of course she was all over giving the most
   beautiful prayer ever! We then had to end with a trip to Auntie Anne's
   because they have a buy one get one free deal. Pretzels are actually
   associated with prayer because of the monk that designed them YEARS ago
   so that the children would remember to fold their arms and pray.
   I stuck this on our fridge to help us remember our lesson during the
   week.
   [4059201e8889b7415640a24c68441a32.jpg]
   I'm really excited about next week's lesson!
   Posted by Unknown at 6:40 AM 1 comment: Links to this post
   Labels: FHE

Monday, February 6, 2017

One Second Every Day

   I LOVE the One Second Everyday App! It is so incredibly easy to use and
   does all the mashing for you. Then by having so many busy girls asking
   and taking videos it makes doing it even easier!

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/EQWzCXOLIWM?feature=player_embedded

   I enjoy the little glimpse it gives into our lives and the memories
   that come alive when I see these seconds. It doesn't take very long to
   do, only one second! ;)
   Posted by Unknown at 7:19 AM No comments: Links to this post

Monday, January 30, 2017

Random

   I like mixing a lot of different things all into one post so that I can
   remember them all and not have to make a bunch of entries. I finally
   finished all of the kids picture books from 2016 just in time to get
   Jacob’s out to him for Valentine’s Day. I am so grateful to Claudia for
   always taking packages to Mexico for me! I smiled as I got everything
   together to send. Only missionaries would be getting candy along with
   meal packets to make dinners. I actually think that Jacob gets more
   excited for these seasoning packets than the treats so that he has
   something to make dinner with. I also found super cheesy, but funny
   Book of Mormon Valentine's cards that we stuck in a felt heart. Hoping
   that this will put a big smile on his face!

   Missionary Package

   Our old white van officially rolled over 300,000 miles. We may have had
   a little celebration over this and all the kids are now praying that it
   will make 400,000 miles. I can’t even begin to tell you what a great
   van this has been. Toyota knows how to make them! We haven’t ever
   really had to take it in to a mechanic to fix anything either.

   Miles

   I did frown that since Thursday we have already added another 400 miles
   to it.

   I started reading this book….

   51Kod9SIyhL._SX324_BO1,204,203,200_

   and proceeded to FINISH reading this book because I couldn’t put it
   down. My girls all downed it and then Stephen listened to it as he
   commuted and everyone loved it. Really a good one!

   We have been pushing goals this month in FHE and any chance that we get
   to talk with the kids. I have tried showing different methods to set
   goals and our fridge has been plastered with quotes on achieving.

   Goals

   Basketball is still in full swing. Last week we had eight basketball
   games and four indoor soccer. I’m going to be sad when this season of
   life is over. Jerrica played with the top soccer team for an indoor
   game. She scored four points and they won 5-1. The coach asked me after
   the game, “now why don’t we have her on our team”. Jerrica has a really
   cute basketball coach that will take up an entire post in and of
   itself.

   JerraBball

   She is SO competitive that I get a kick out of seeing her eyes get so
   big and intense.

   I was going to add some favorite recipes that we have been eating a lot
   of lately, but need to organize and fancify them first. Kaylee also has
   this sweet mom from her team that makes the most amazing treats for the
   girls. She just shared recipes on Saturday so I will mix those in to.

   One last quick thought that I totally believe…

   b8f34a638558a3dc4065b5e001836fdf
   Posted by Unknown at 9:03 AM 1 comment: Links to this post

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Follow by Email

   ____________________ Submit

Followers

   SPEAKING OF PHOTOS: All pictures are copyrighted. Do NOT use any
   pictures of my kids without my permission!
   However, feel free to use any pictures of crafts, projects, and
   recipes. They are HERE to be shared with YOU!

Email Me

   mymixofsix@hotmail.com

Subscribe To My MIx of Six!

   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2017 (20)
          + ▼  March (5)
               o Dad thinks of you like I think of the TOILET
               o February Happenings
               o Afterschool Snacks
               o DoNut forget to Pray
               o Speedracing Prayer FHE
          + ►  February (6)
          + ►  January (9)

     * ►  2015 (73)
          + ►  December (3)
          + ►  November (1)
          + ►  September (3)
          + ►  August (20)
          + ►  July (6)
          + ►  June (8)
          + ►  May (7)
          + ►  April (12)
          + ►  March (4)
          + ►  February (1)
          + ►  January (8)

     * ►  2014 (160)
          + ►  December (15)
          + ►  November (8)
          + ►  October (8)
          + ►  September (18)
          + ►  August (10)
          + ►  July (21)
          + ►  June (9)
          + ►  May (12)
          + ►  April (18)
          + ►  March (10)
          + ►  February (14)
          + ►  January (17)

     * ►  2013 (240)
          + ►  December (16)
          + ►  November (18)
          + ►  October (18)
          + ►  September (21)
          + ►  August (22)
          + ►  July (17)
          + ►  June (18)
          + ►  May (22)
          + ►  April (20)
          + ►  March (19)
          + ►  February (20)
          + ►  January (29)

     * ►  2012 (255)
          + ►  December (18)
          + ►  November (17)
          + ►  October (24)
          + ►  September (22)
          + ►  August (24)
          + ►  July (16)
          + ►  June (21)
          + ►  May (27)
          + ►  April (20)
          + ►  March (20)
          + ►  February (21)
          + ►  January (25)

     * ►  2011 (271)
          + ►  December (16)
          + ►  November (10)
          + ►  October (21)
          + ►  September (25)
          + ►  August (27)
          + ►  July (18)
          + ►  June (21)
          + ►  May (23)
          + ►  April (24)
          + ►  March (29)
          + ►  February (24)
          + ►  January (33)

     * ►  2010 (363)
          + ►  December (20)
          + ►  November (28)
          + ►  October (26)
          + ►  September (34)
          + ►  August (29)
          + ►  July (31)
          + ►  June (32)
          + ►  May (33)
          + ►  April (28)
          + ►  March (35)
          + ►  February (31)
          + ►  January (36)

     * ►  2009 (292)
          + ►  December (24)
          + ►  November (30)
          + ►  October (30)
          + ►  September (26)
          + ►  August (28)
          + ►  July (21)
          + ►  June (23)
          + ►  May (24)
          + ►  April (31)
          + ►  March (23)
          + ►  February (21)
          + ►  January (11)

     * ►  2008 (22)
          + ►  December (7)
          + ►  November (5)
          + ►  October (5)
          + ►  September (2)
          + ►  February (1)
          + ►  January (2)

     * ►  2007 (6)
          + ►  December (5)
          + ►  November (1)

     * 4th of July (5)
     * April Fool's (5)
     * Back to School (6)
     * Birthday Cakes (19)
     * Christmas (30)
     * Church (4)
     * Communication (22)
     * Easter (16)
     * End of School (3)
     * Father's Day (4)
     * FHE (61)
     * Fun Ideas (103)
     * Furniture Redo (4)
     * Gardening (29)
     * Gifts (31)
     * Good Books (36)
     * Grandparents (1)
     * Halloween (34)
     * Home Decor (2)
     * Husband Ideas (13)
     * Kid's Crafts (43)
     * Life Lesson (9)
     * Lunches (6)
     * May Day (3)
     * Mother's Day (7)
     * Motherhood (15)
     * New Years (11)
     * One Second (1)
     * Organizing (13)
     * Photography (43)
     * Projects (58)
     * Quotes (15)
     * Recipes (48)
     * Sewing (26)
     * Sports (1)
     * St Patricks (6)
     * Thanksgiving (14)
     * Traveling Fun (6)
     * Valentine's Day (36)

Projects, Lots of Holidays, Gardening and Fun Ideas

   Projects, Lots of Holidays, Gardening and Fun Ideas

   Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.
