   #AGRICOH Home Copyright RSS

   [logoiarc.gif]
     * [linkedin.jpg]
     * [rss.jpg]
     * [twitter.jpg]

   Menu

AGRICOH: A Cconsortium of Agricultural Cohort Studies

   You are here: Home
     * About AGRICOH
          + AGRICOH History
     * Objectives
     * Participating Cohorts
     * Contact Us
     * Member Login
          + AGRICOH - Members
          + Cohorts description and questionnaires
          + Internal proposal circulation
          + External Grant application
          + Manuscripts
          + Abstracts
          + Preliminary Results
          + Protocols
          + Steering Group
          + Data harmonization
          + Meetings
          + Download Documents
          + Sub-Groups
          + From the IARC Monographs

   [spacer.png]
     * [agricoh-banner-mob.png]

     * [agricoh-banner.jpg]

   You are here: Home

   AGRICOH is an international consortium of agricultural cohort studies
   formed in October of 2010 to encourage and support data pooling to
   study disease-exposure associations that individual cohorts do not have
   sufficient statistical power to study. The consortium also includes
   three general population cohorts with large proportions of farmers.
   AGRICOH represents a formidable platform for studying a variety of
   health outcomes, including but not restricted to cancer; respiratory,
   neurologic, and auto-immune diseases; reproductive outcomes; allergic
   disorders; injuries; and overall mortality in association with a wide
   array of agricultural exposures in the participating cohort studies. To
   strengthen research in under-studied settings the consortium strives to
   identify new participating agricultural cohorts in low- and
   middle-income countries.
   AGRICOH consists of representatives of individual cohort studies and
   from institutions having special assigned roles such as in coordination
   or exposure harmonisation. AGRICOH is open to researchers interested in
   investigating health outcomes in association with exposures present
   during farming and in the agricultural environment, through AGRICOH
   members. The consortium is coordinated by a steering group that runs
   for a term of five years (currently 2016-2020).

NEWS

Published article on Professional Pesticide Use and the Risk of Non-Hodgkin
Lymphoma

   On March 18, 2019, the first AGRICOH paper on cancer risk was published
   in the International Journal of Epidemiology. Pooling the "Agriculture
   and cancer (AGRICAN)" study from France, the "Cancer in the Norwegian
   Agricultural Population (CNAP)" study from Norway and the "Agricultural
   Health Study (AHS)" from the US, totalling more than 300,000 farmers,
   the possible association between professional exposure to any of 14
   selected pesticide chemical groups or 33 individual active ingredients
   and the risk of Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) or its major subtypes was
   investigated. The vast majority of combinations between pesticide
   exposures and NHL or its subtypes did not show an association.
   Exceptions were moderate associations between NHL and ever use of
   terbufos; chronic lymphocytic leukaemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma and
   deltamethrin; and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and glyphosate; as well
   as inverse associations of NHL with the broader groups of
   organochlorine insecticides and phenoxy herbicides, after adjusting for
   exposure to other pesticides. The article is accessible through open
   access at Pubmed
   Leon ME, Schinasi LH, Lebailly P, Beane Freeman L, Nordby KC, Ferro G,
   et al. Pesticide use and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoid malignancies in
   agricultural cohorts from France, Norway and the USA: a pooled analysis
   from the AGRICOH consortium. Int J Epidemiol 2019 (March 18)

AGRICOH Subgroup Cancer Meeting November 2017

   On 27th and 28th November AGRICOH members of the Subgroup on Cancer who
   are actively involved in the combined analyses of three AGRICOH cohorts
   from France (AGRICAN), Norway (CNAP), and the USA (AHS), met in
   Utrecht, The Netherlands, hosted by the Institute for Risk Assessment
   Sciences (IRAS) of the University of Utrecht.
   The meeting was to finalize analyses of pooling projects on the risk of
   haematological malignancies in relation to exposure to pesticides and
   in relation to animal farming. Progress was discussed on further
   ongoing pooling projects on the use of pesticides in relation to the
   risk of breast cancer and in relation to the risk of prostate cancer.
   View picture

Published article on exposure assessment

   In the first pooling project within the AGRICOH consortium,
   Crop-exposure matrices were developed for an assessment of occupational
   exposure to pesticide active ingredients and chemical groups. An
   article describing the methodology has been published in the journal
   Occupational and Environmental Medicine.
   Brouwer M, Schinasi L, Beane Freeman LE, Baldi I, Lebailly P, Ferro G,
   Nordby KC, Schüz J, Leon ME, Kromhout H. Assessment of occupational
   exposure to pesticides in a pooled analysis of agricultural cohorts
   within the AGRICOH consortium. Occup Environ Med. 2016
   Jun;73(6):359-67. doi:10.1136/oemed-2015-103319. Pubmed
   Concerns have been published regarding the article titled "Re:
   Assessment of occupational exposure to pesticides in a pooled analysis
   of agricultural cohorts within the AGRICOH consortium." Pubmed A letter
   to the Editor from the AGRICOH consortium addressing those concerns has
   also been published in the journal Occupational and Environmental
   Medicine.
   Brouwer M, Schinasi L, Beane Freeman LE, Baldi I, Lebailly P, Ferro G,
   Nordby KC, Schüz J, Leon ME, Kromhout H. Assessment of occupational
   exposure to pesticides in a pooled analysis of agricultural cohorts
   within the AGRICOH consortium: authors' response. Occup Environ Med.
   2017 Jan;74(1):81. doi:10.1136/oemed-2016-104110. Pubmed

New AGRICOH Steering Group elected for the term 2016-2020

   In December 2015 the new Steering Group was elected for the term from
   January 2016 to December 2020. The Steering Group discusses general
   matters of the consortium at bi-monthly conference calls. The
   composition of the Steering Group is Drs Joachim Schüz (Chair),
   Isabelle Baldi (Subgroup lead “Neurological”), Laura Beane Freeman
   (Subgroup lead “Cancer”), Jeroen Douwes, Jane Hoppin (Subgroup lead
   “Reproductive”), Kristina Kjærheim, Hans Kromhout (Subgroup lead
   “Exposure”), Pierre Lebailly, Paul Romitti (Subgroup lead
   “Reproductive”).

The 2015 AGRICOH Annual Meeting

   On 19th and 20th November Pierre Lebailly and colleagus at the Centre
   François Baclesse, in Caen, Normandy, France, hosted the 2015 annual
   AGRICOH consortium meeting. We warmly thank Pierre, Severine, Isabelle
   and Celine for the great hospitality.
   The meeting was very informative with respect to ongoing projects or
   new project ideas. Forty-five researchers interested in agricultural
   exposures and various health outcomes, including cancer, met for two
   days, including several potential new collaborators. 18 AGRICOH
   consortium members were represented at the meeting. The meeting was
   also a good opportunity to meet researchers interested in joining
   AGRICOH.
   We are most grateful to the Mayor of Caen for the wonderful dinner
   organized for the AGRICOH members on Thursday 19th November. Merci
   bien! .
   View picture
     * About AGRICOH
     *
          +
               o AGRICOH History
     * Objectives
     *
          +
     * Participating Cohorts
     *
          +
     * Contact Us
     *
          +
     * Member Login
     *
          +
               o AGRICOH - Members
               o Cohorts description and questionnaires
               o Internal proposal circulation
               o External Grant application
               o Manuscripts
                    # In preparation
                    # Submitted
                    # Accepted
               o Abstracts
                    # In preparation
                    # Submitted
                    # Accepted
               o Preliminary Results
                    # ONEMA Project
               o Protocols
               o Steering Group
               o Data harmonization
               o Meetings
               o Download Documents
               o Sub-Groups
               o From the IARC Monographs

     * [linkedin.jpg]
     * [rss.jpg]
     * [twitter.jpg]


    IARC, 150 Cours Albert Thomas, 69372 Lyon CEDEX 08, France - Tel: +33
    (0)4 72 73 84 85
    © IARC 2019 - All Rights Reserved.
