   #alternate

   VIOME
     * Products
     * Science
     * Order now

     * [help-icon.svg]  Help
     * Register Kit
     * Login

   IFRAME: about:blank

   Now $149
   Order now arrow

We're on a mission to 2 million.

   Learn more
   heart heart

   Join us as we race to 2 million people in the battle against chronic
   diseases.

   With your help, we’re getting closer to understanding the critical role
   gut health plays in the root cause of nearly every chronic disease. Our
   unwavering commitment to you is to continue pushing the boundaries of
   what many believe to be possible by applying revolutionary technologies
   to predict, prevent and reverse chronic diseases using food as
   medicine.  Join the movement. Every gut counts!

   $399 $149
   Buy now [arrow-white.svg]
   heart

   Through the month of October, we are donating 5% of sales to Cancer
   research.

Your gut knows what it needs to be healthy

   Take the guesswork out of eating right with a science-based at-home
   microbiome test.
   $399 $149
   Order now arrow
   [leaping-home-full-new.png]
   Model picture

   Viome Mobile Application
   Sample scores list
   Sample scores list

What we do

Insights that will empower you.

   We identify and quantify the living microorganisms in your gut
   microbiome, analyze what these organisms are producing, and provide you
   with personalized nutrition recommendations that help you optimize your
   gut microbiome.

   Tell me more arrow

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/BNKzIzVVuWo?rel=0&autoplay=1&mute=1

Why

Get in better shape

   Did you know that scientists can look at your gut microbiome
   composition and tell with 90% accuracy if you are overweight or lean?
   Scientists have also discovered that certain gut microbes help shape
   your body and help you manage your weight which means if you're having
   trouble losing weight, your microbiome could be the culprit.

Why

Sleep Quality

   If good sleep is eluding you, your gut may have the answers. Several
   species of bacteria may actually contribute to your body's supply of
   melatonin, which influences the sleep-wake cycle.

Why

Mental Clarity

   If you think the brain is doing most of the talking, think again. It
   turns out the microbiome has a lot to say. Through the use of
   neurotransmitters, hormones, proteins, and other communication factors,
   your gut can send messages directly to your brain. Your microbes
   influence how you feel, your emotions, and your happiness in a very
   real and tangible way.

Why

Digestion

   Gas, bloating, and other common digestive issues can be caused by an
   imbalance in your microbiome. Determining which foods cause your tummy
   troubles is a tedious process and just because you identify a food or
   two that induces bloating, it doesn’t mean you’ve corrected the
   underlying problem. This is because gas and bloating can occur when
   levels of microbial byproducts such as methane and hydrogen ramp up.

Why

Skin Health

   When your gut microbiome is off balance it can cause inflammation and
   outward reactions that show up through your skin. This imbalance is
   called dysbiosis and has been linked to all sorts of skin conditions
   such as: acne, rosacea, eczema, psoriasis, and more.

Why

Learn More

   Your gut has been shaped your entire life by such things as how you
   were birthed, to what kind of milk you drank as an infant, how much
   sleep and exercise you get, your level of chronic stress, and by what
   you’ve been ingesting—food, drink, and medication. All of these factors
   are unique to you. For this reason, your unique set of gut microbes
   needs a unique set of recommendations so that they can help you.
    1. Weightloss
    2. Sleep
    3. Mental
       Clarity
    4. Digestive
       Issues
    5. Skin
    6. More

start your journey in 3 Easy steps

   step1

You order a kit.

   Register your kit, collect your sample, and complete your
   questionnaires.
   step2

We analyze your sample.

   Send your sample off to our state-of-the-art laboratory for analysis.
   step3

You get results.

   Your recommendations are delivered right to you through your Viome app,
   tablet, and computer.

   Woman with food

Why we do it

One man's food is another man's poison.

   While we humans share more than 99% of our DNA, tremendous diversity
   exists among us when it comes to our unique gut microbiome, the
   cornerstone of our health and the "second brain" of our bodies. Because
   no two people digest food the same way, a food that may be healthy for
   one person may cause inflammation in another.

   Analyzing the function of your microbes allows us to identify what
   metabolites they're producing so we can provide food recommendations
   that are right for your body.


   Tell me more arrow
   Woman with food

   Viome Mobile Application
   Viome mobile app

How we can help

Let food be thy medicine.

   The foods we recommend on each list are intended to help your
   microbiome stimulate the production of healthy nutrients that your body
   needs right now and minimize the toxins being produced which may be
   causing inflammation inside your body.

   Get to the bottom of what foods are right for you and discover how
   optimizing the activity of your gut can dramatically improve the
   condition of your health.

Our Products

With Viome's Gut Intelligence™ Test, you’ll receive:

     * Your Gut Intelligence Test kit
     * Your complete gut microbiome analysis & personalized scores
     * Lists of foods to enjoy, minimize, or avoid and why
     * Recommendations for probiotics & supplements only if you need them

   Sample results arrow
   Sample recommendations arrow
   GI Box
   GI Box

Optional Add-on

How does your body respond to 40 different foods?

   Learn more [arrow-blue.svg]
   [food-sensitivity-intelligence-box-drop-shadow-full.png]

Food Sensitivity Intelligence

   Add it on for only $49

   “

   Viome’s results gave me actionable recommendations that I could
   implement in my diet with a few simple changes—as well as a new
   gratitude for my body an the little microbial friends in my gut.

   „

   — Forbes • Read full article →

   “

   Each person has a unique combination of microorganisms in their gut.
   These microorganisms affect how you metabololize food, so the foods
   that are healthy for me might not be healthy for you.

   „

   — marie claire • Read full article →

   “

   Viome combines the results of a simple stool sample with artificial
   intelligence to make custom suggestions for a user's diet and
   lifestyle, and potentially flag if the person's at risk for certain
   illnesses.

   „

   — Inc. • Read full article →

   “

   The Viome service gives users personalized wellness tips daily and
   tracks their evolving health status.

   „

   — CNBC • Read full article →

   “

   Imagine that. Knowing precisely which food you need to avoid, and which
   food you need to consume more of, that will give you the most benefit.

   „

   — Allure • Read full article →

   “

   Viome uses an analysis of the microorganisms in your gut microbiome, as
   well as your metabolism and the proteins in your blood to make create
   personalized dietary recommendations.

   „

   — Los Angeles Times • Read full article →

   “

   As it becomes feasible to analyze the complex operation in the gut and
   its connection to the brain, a revolution is taking shape.

   „

   — Huffington Post • Read full article →
    1. Forbes logo
    2. MC logo
    3. INC logo
    4. NBC logo
    5. Allure logo
    6. Lat logo
    7. Huf logo

   scientist
   scientist

Science of Viome

Viome’s technology offers the highest resolution of a person’s gut microbiome
available.

   Not only is Viome able to identify and quantify the living
   microorganisms in your gut, but more importantly, we are able to
   identify what these organisms are actually producing and whether or not
   it is causing your body harm.

   Our science involves two revolutionary pieces of technology:
   mst icon

   Metatranscriptomic
   Sequencing
   Technology
   Artificial intelligence

   Artificial
   Intelligence
   Learn more arrow

   Healthy Sportsman Jogging

Our mission

“We are driven by our goal to create a world where chronic illness can truly
be a matter of choice instead of bad luck.”

   — Naveen Jain, CEO

   The healthcare system today is reactive and set up to suppress
   symptoms. We believe that the focus should be more on the cause. We are
   a passionate team of researchers, scientists and entrepreneurs focused
   on having the most complete understanding of the human body on a
   molecular level, targeting the underlying cause of illness and
   empowering every human to take ownership of his or her own health. We
   started with the microbiome, the body’s richest source of microbes,
   because of its impact on nearly every chronic disease.
   Healthy Sportsman Jogging

   Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments

CLIA Compliant

   We are now the world’s first company to offer CLIA certified RNA
   sequencing technology. Your microbiome analysis is performed in a US
   laboratory that is certified to meet CLIA standards—the Clinical
   Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988. A CLIA certified lab must
   meet certain quality standards and ensures the accuracy and reliability
   of your results.
   Privacy

We Protect Your Privacy

   To ensure the confidentiality of your data and your results, we
   separate users' personally identifiable information (PII) from
   protected health information (PHI) and use multiple layers of
   encryption and access protection. We do not provide your information or
   results to employers or health insurance companies. Viome will never
   sell your data.

   Gut Intelligence

Feel the difference.

   Order Viome's Gut Intelligence test kit today and have it delivered
   right to your home! Have questions? Reach out to us at info@viome.com.
   Order now arrow

More Information on How Viome Works:

   What is Viome?

   Should You Test Your Microbiome?

   Personalized Gut Biome Test

   Benefits of Viome’s Gut Bacteria Test

   Signs You Could Benefit from a Gut Bacteria Test

   What Is the Viome Gut Bacteria Test Kit?

   Could a Microbiome Test be the Answer to Your Weight Problems

   ABOUT
     * Company Info
     * Blog
     * Newsroom
     * Testimonials
     * Careers
     * Studies
     * Community

    PARTNER WITH US
     * Ambassadors
     * Distributors

    CUSTOMER CARE
     * Support
     * Contact Us

    LEGAL
     * Terms of Service
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy

    CONNECT WITH US
     * Viome FaceBook
       Facebook
     *
     * Viome Twitter
       Twitter
     * Viome Instagram
       Instagram
     * Viome YouTube
       YouTube

    YOUR ACCOUNT
     * Login
     * Order Now

   [apple-app-store-badge.svg]
   [google-play-badge.png]
   [e-book.png]
   Microbiome - All Diseases Begin in the Gut
   Enter email to receive e-book
   [e-book.png]
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Get E-Book arrow
   [apple-app-store-badge.svg]
   [google-play-badge.png]

   The information Viome provides is for educational and informational use
   only. The information is not intended to be used by the customer for
   any diagnostic purpose and is not a substitute for professional medical
   advice. You should always seek the advice of your physician or other
   healthcare providers with any questions you may have regarding
   diagnosis, cure, treatment, mitigation, or prevention of any disease or
   other medical condition or impairment or the status of your health.

   For state regulatory reasons our tests are temporarily not available in
   MD and NY.

   © 2019 Viome, Inc.

   We use cookies to offer you a better user experience and analyze site
   traffic. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of
   cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy
   (BUTTON) Accept

   [tr?id=163282714302778&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
