   #Little Magnolia Kitchen - Atom Little Magnolia Kitchen - RSS

Little Magnolia Kitchen

Saturday, November 25, 2017

   SALTED CARAMEL APPLE PIE BARS
   Shortbread Crust
   1/2 Cup of Unsalted Butter, melted
   1/4 Cup of Granulated Sugar
   1 Teaspoon Vanilla
   1/4 Teaspoon Salt
   1 Cup Flour
   Preheat oven to 300 Degrees.
   Line the bottom and sides of a 8 X 8 baking pan with parchment paper
   leaving enough overhang on all sides and set aside.
   In a medium bowl, stir the butter, sugar, vanilla, and salt together.
   Add the flour and stir until everything is combined well.  Press evenly
   into the prepared baking pan. Bake for 15 minutes.
   FILLING:
   4 Large Jazz Apples, finely chopped
   1 Cup Sugar
   2 Teaspoons Apple Pie Filling
   1/4 Cup Flour
   In a medium saucepan, combine the apples, sugar and pie filling cooking
   until the apples start to soften, about 10 minutes.  Add the flour,
   stirring to combine and cook for another 2- 3 minutes.  Mixture should
   thicken slightly.
   STREUSEL:
   1/2 Cup Old-Fashioned Oats (I even used Quick Cook Oats)
   1/3 Cup Dark Brown Sugar
   1/4 Teaspoon Cinnamon
   1/4 Cup Flour
   1/4 Cup Unsalted Butter (Cold and Cubed)
   Whisk together the oats, brown sugar, cinnamon and flour.  Add the
   butter and work it together with a couple of forks, a pastry cutter, or
   use your hands like I do, until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
   SALTED CARAMEL SAUCE;
   1 Cup of Sugar
   6 Tablespoons Salted Butter, room temperature and cut up into 6 slices
   1/2 cup Heavy Cream
   1 teaspoon Salt
   1. Heat granulated sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat stirring
   constantly with a heat resistant spatula or wooden spoon.
   2.  Sugar will form clumps and eventually melt into a thick, brown,
   amber colored liquid as you continue to stir.  Be careful not to burn.
   3.  Once sugar in completely melted, add in the butter.  Be careful
   with this step because the butter will bubble up rapidly when it is
   added.
   4.  Whisk the butter into the sugar until it is completely melted and
   blended into the sugar...about 2-3 minutes.
   5.  Very slowly drizzle in the cream while stirring.  Since the heavy
   cream is colder than the caramel, the mixture will rapidly bubble
   and/or splatter when added.
   6.  Allow mixture to boil for 1 minute.  It will rise in the saucepan
   as it boils.
   7.  Remove from heat and stir in 1 teaspoon salt.  Allow to cool before
   using.
   *You can make this caramel sauce in advance.  Store covered tightly in
   the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.  If you are traveling or gifting
   this recipe, it is okay for a day at room temperature.
   1. Make your salted caramel sauce.
   2.  Bake your shortbread crust
   3.  Cook the apples
   4.  Mix up the streusel
   5.  Remove the shortbread crust from the oven and turn up the heat to
   350 Degrees.
   6.  Add the apples to the crust
   7.  Evenly distribute the streusel on top of the apple mixture
   8.  Bake in 350 Degree oven for 30-35 minutes.
   9.  Cool for 2 hours or overnight would be better.
   10.  Cut into 12 or 16 squares and drizzle salted caramel sauce over
   each square
   These bars can be enjoyed warm, room temperature, or even cold...you
   decide.
   You can also make these ahead and freeze, without the caramel sauce for
   up to 3 months.
   Then thaw overnight in the refrigerator before serving and drizzling
   with caramel sauce.
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 12:11 PM No comments: Links to
   this post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Sunday, February 12, 2017

MINI PUMPKIN MUFFINS WITH CREAM CHEESE FROSTING

   [IMG_9807.JPG]
   My little granddaughter, Hope, loves her pumpkin bread!  She turned one
   year old last October and she had a "Our Little Pumpkin Is Turning One"
   themed birthday party.  I made these little mini pumpkin muffins
   because, I mean how perfect....she loves pumpkin muffins and she is a
   little "mini" herself.  She lovvvved them!  I actually substituted
   sweet potato this past week for the pumpkin and she loved them just as
   much.

                               [IMG_0016.JPG]
                 My daughter Holly and her sweet baby, Hope.

   I found this recipe for pumpkin muffins while going through some old
   recipes of my Mom's. I think what caught my eye was first...that it won
   2nd place in a contest and the second thing that caught my eye was all
   of the different spices!  Yummm!  It almost seemed like too many spices
   but after tasting it, it is apparent that they all work together
   perfectly and make each bite super duper flavorful.  Definitely
   deserving of an award in my books.  The original recipe called for 1
   cup of vegetable oil and 3 cups of sugar.  I felt like 3 cups of sugar
   was just too much so I backed it down to 2 cups.  I cannot imagine
   having another cup in this recipe because 2 is just right....sweet but
   not too sweet.  Then I read that you could use coconut oil in place of
   the vegetable oil in recipes.  I knew that would be much healthier so I
   replaced half of the oil with the coconut oil.  I may use only coconut
   oil next time.  It was so moist.
   Fast forward to this past week, I was keeping both Hope and her brother
   Alex for a few days.  I baked a few sweet potatoes for dinner one night
   and the only person who ate any was me....so I had like 3 potatoes
   left.  I hated to just stick them in the fridge because in my house,
   that is where good food goes to die.  Wahhh!!! I hate to say that but
   you have to be able to admit you have a problem before you can fix
   it...right?  Okay getting back on the subject.  I had three sweet
   potatoes left.  I thought of my pumpkin muffin recipe and the two
   worlds collided....sweet potato muffins! I didn't even put any frosting
   on them and Hope and Alex both loved them.  So much so that I had to
   cut them off.  They wanted them for snacks, breakfast, dessert...pretty
   much all day.  They are low in sugar but not sugar free guys...gotta
   pace yourselves. LoL!
   Hope you like them like Hope and Alex do!
   [IMG_9808.JPG]
   MINI PUMPKIN MUFFINS WITH CREAM CHEESE FROSTING
   2 cups Pumpkin Puree
    4 eggs
   1/2 cup Coconut Oil, (melted and cooled)
   1/2 cup Canola Oil
   2/3 cup Milk
   2 cups of Sugar
   3-1/2 cups Flour
   2 teaspoons Baking Soda
   1/2 teaspoon Salt
   1 teaspoon Ground Nutmeg
   1 teaspoon Ground Cloves
   1 teaspoon Ground Cinnamon
   1 teaspoon Ground Ginger
   1 teaspoon Ground Allspice
   Preheat 350 Degrees
   In a large bowl, mix the first 5 ingredients until well blended.
   In a separate bowl, combine the rest of the ingredients.
   Add 1 cup of the dry ingredients at a time, to the wet, continuing
   until everything is blended together.
   Fill mini muffin cups to just above half full.
   Bake for 13-15 minutes or until center springs back when touched.
   Makes approximately 8 dozen miniature muffins.
   CREAM CHEESE FROSTING:
   4 ounces Cream Cheese
   4 ounces Butter
   2 cups Powdered Sugar
   1 teaspoon Vanilla
   Beat the cream cheese and the butter together in a large mixing bowl.
   Add the powdered sugar slowly to the cream cheese/butter mixture on low
   speed of mixer.
   Add the Vanilla and mix until well blended.
   Place the frosting in a gallon size ziploc bag.
   Snip a very small piece off of one corner of the bag.
   Squeeze the icing onto the cooled muffins in a circular design.
   [IMG_9811.JPG]
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR A PRINTABLE RECIPE!
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 4:15 PM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Breakfast, Cream Cheese, Cream Cheese Frosting, Frosting, Mini
   Pumpkin Muffins, Mini Pumpkin Muffins with Cream Cheese Frosting,
   Muffins, Pumpkin, Pumpkin Muffins

Wednesday, January 25, 2017

BASIL PESTO

   [pesto.JPG]
   Can we all just agree that pesto is magical?
   It is like the most perfect combination of ingredients.  Whoever,
   created it first needs a medal...seriously!
   I love that it is fresh and can be used in so many ways.  Tonight, I
   had a recipe that called for pre-made pesto, but it is so super easy to
   make and quick that I didn't even consider not making my own.  If you
   have a food processor, you can have it made in 5 minutes...or less.
   The good thing is that you can put pesto on pretty much anything and
   make it taste ahhh-mazing!  Try it on those vegetables you can't get
   your family to eat.  Put it on toasted baguette slices instead of
   garlic butter or toss some pesto with your favorite pasta for a
   delicious entree.  And a little goes a long way, so I still have some
   in my fridge from tonight's dinner.   Think I'll toss some over pasta
   tomorrow night's dinner.
   BASIL PESTO
   2 cups fresh Basil
   2 Garlic cloves, minced
   1/2 cup Parmesan Cheese, grated
   1/4 cup Pine Nuts
   2/3 cup Olive Oil
   Salt
   Place all ingredients into a food processor and blend until
   smooth...about 30 seconds to 1 minute.
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 9:23 PM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: basil, Basil Pesto, Pesto

Thursday, January 19, 2017

CASSEROLE SPAGHETTI

   [spaghetti%2B3.JPG]
   I have been making this recipe for Casserole Spaghetti ever since my
   kids were little.  My friend, Kelly Galloway, first made this and it
   has been one of my favorites ever since.
   For some reason, I have not made this since my grandson, Alexander, was
   born.  But today, I was craving something cheesy and something with
   pasta and this popped into my head.  Such an easy recipe to make...have
   you noticed a pattern with the "easy" recipes?  I don't know if I would
   have ever tried this recipe if Kelly had not made it first because of
   the cream of mushroom soup, chili powder, and olives.  Those three
   items seem strange to add to spaghetti but I can attest that they are
   delightful little additions.  Now tonight, I did not put olives in it
   just because I wasn't sure if my grandkids would eat it if I added
   them.   What was funny was that little baby Hope, who is 16 months old,
   ate what was in her plate and then had seconds...along with her garlic
   bread because this girl is just like her Nannie...we like our bread!
   Alex loved it too.  So, I got a two-thumbs-up on this recipe from the
   littles!
   A couple of things you should know.  I used thin spaghetti and I cooked
   it al dente.  I knew that the spaghetti would cook more in the oven and
   I cannot stand mushy pasta of any sort.  I would rather under cooked
   spaghetti than overcooked.  Actually, I just want it cooked perfectly.
    Sometimes that works out and sometimes not.  Today, we got it right!
   Woo-Hoo!  Also, if you do not want to cook the meat sauce for 2 hours
   then you do not have to.  I have done it both ways and honestly, I
   cannot tell the difference.
   I made a salad and some lemon vinaigrette to drizzle over it and garlic
   bread to serve with the spaghetti.  It was perfect for a quick meal.
   Oh and I had leftovers....that is a plus.
   [spaghetti%2B1.JPG]
   CASSEROLE SPAGHETTI
   1-1/2 pounds Ground Round
   1 Bell Pepper, chopped
   1 large Onion, chopped
   1/2 cup Celery, chopped
   2 cloves Garlic, minced
   1 (10-3/4 ounce) can Cream of Mushroom Soup
   1/2 can Water
   1 (14 ounce) can Petite Diced Tomatoes
   2 Tablespoons Chili Powder
   Salt and Pepper to taste
   Garlic Powder
   1 (12 ounce) package of Spaghetti Noodles,cooked al dente
   8 ounces Sharp Cheddar Cheese, cut in chunks
   1 (4 ounce) jar Olives
   2 cups Grated Cheddar Cheese
   Brown ground round and add garlic powder and salt and pepper to taste.
     Add next 9 ingredients and simmer for 2 hours.  Combine meat sauce,
   cheese chunks, and olives in 3 quart or deep 9 X 13 ceramic baking
   dish.  Sprinkle grated cheeseon top.  Bake in 325 degree oven for 15 to
   20 minutes or until bubbly.
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 8:24 PM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Casserole, Casserole Spaghetti, Dinner, Italian, pasta,
   spaghetti

Monday, January 16, 2017

RED WINE VINEGAR AND GARLIC GREEN BEANS

   [Green%2BBeans%2B5.JPG]
   My friend, Kelly, makes these green beans the best!
   I got the recipe from her.  Before that, green beans were relegated in
   my house to a green bean casserole.  I like flavor and green beans
   never seemed to have any....until this recipe!
   I literally could eat these yummy little beans all by
   themselves....cold on a salad....or hot with a meal.  For some reason,
   this sounds like the beginning of a Dr. Suess book to me!  Okay,
   anyway, my daughter is just as obsessed with these as I am.  I am
   sitting here thinking that a couple of shakes of red pepper flakes
   would take this up a notch.  Why have I not thought of that before?
   Next time!
   Super easy to make and super flavorful....enjoy!
   [GREEN%2BBEANS%2B10.JPG]
   RED WINE VINEGAR AND GARLIC GREEN BEANS
   2 lbs. fresh whole Green Beans
   5 cloves Garlic, minced
   Little less than 1/2 cup Red Wine Vinegar (You might want to start with
   a 1/4 cup and then add more     to your liking and taste)
   Little less than 1/2 cup (I use less because its my preference) Olive
   Oil (I use a good, extra virgin like Bertolli)
   Salt to taste.
   [Green%2BBeans%2B1.JPG]
   Bring salted water to boil.
   [Green%2BBeans%2B2.JPG]
   [Green%2BBeans%2B3.JPG]
   Add beans and cook for 5-6 minutes.  I like my green beans al dente.  I
   don't like them too soft or to crunchy, just somewhere in the middle.
   [Green%2BBeans%2B4.JPG]
   Drain and submerge in cold, ice water to stop the cooking process.  Or
   stop the cooking just a little early and then skip this step.
   [Green%2BBeans%2B6.JPG]
   If you have chosen to submerge in cold water, then drain and place in a
   large, glass bowl.  Mince the garlic and add to the beans.  Shake
   vinegar over beans. Toss.  Drizzle oil over beans and add salt to your
   liking and toss again.
   When you are ready to serve, reheat in microwave for approximately one
   minute.
   Stir to coat beans.
   [Green%2BBeans%2B7.JPG]
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 7:42 PM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Beans, Garlic and Vinegar Green Beans, Garlic Green Beans,
   Green Beans, Red Wine Vinegar and Garlic Green Beans, side dish,
   Vegetable

Monday, January 2, 2017

DOROTHY'S MARINATED VEGETABLE SALAD

   [salad%2Bin%2Bbowl.JPG]
   My Mom, Dorothy, used to make this salad every Thanksgiving.  She loved
   it and I think everyone else did too....except me.
   I just never did like this dish.  I guess it might have been because it
   had green peas and canned green beans. Those two items are two of my
   least favorite things in the food world, right behind oysters and vital
   organs.  So, every year she would ask what she could make to bring over
   for the Thanksgiving meal and I would say "bring whatever you want."  I
   knew it was going to be this salad and that was okay, but I was not
   going to eat any of it.   Then, one Thanksgiving...in a weak moment...I
   put some on my plate...and then I understood what everyone else had
   figured out....it was really good!
   I think I have already told y'all this, but my Mom has dementia now.
   She hasn't been able to make this salad in years and I really miss that
   now...I really miss the old her...the one who would make this salad
   every year.  This CHRISTmas I found myself really wanting to eat this
   salad.  I bought all of the ingredients but somehow never found the
   time to make it.  Well, I made it today for our
   One-Day-Late-New-Years-Day-Meal.  My sister-in-law made an Apple Pie
   and a Peach Pie, my son made his famous Pork Shoulder...it was so
   delicious.  I made Blackeyed Peas, Sauteed Cabbage, Cornbread and my
   beautiful Mom's Marinated Vegetable Salad.   Maybe, it was a good thing
   to wait because I think it was a good way to start the New Year
   remembering the good things...no matter how seemingly small.
   HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU ALL!
   [salad%2Bup%2Bclose.jpg]
   DOROTHY'S MARINATED VEGETABLE SALAD
   (1) 14.5 ounce can French Cut Green Beans, drained
   (1) 11 ounce can White Shoepeg Corn, drained
   (1) 8.5 ounce can Green Peas, drained
   (1) 2 ounce jar chopped Pimentos, drained
   2 Bunches Green Onions, chopped
   1 cup Celery, chopped
   3/4 cup Apple Cider Vinegar
   1 cup Sugar
   1/2 cup Olive Oil
   1 Teaspoon Salt and Pepper
   [salad%2Bveggies.JPG]
   Did you notice that in the picture above I bought the wrong beans?  I
   didn't notice until I opened them up.
   [green%2Bbeans.JPG]
   So I took each bean and sliced it into "french-cut" green beans.
   Yep...every....single...bean! (facepalm)
   [bowl%2Bof%2Bveggies.JPG]
   Combine first 6 ingredients in a medium glass bowl.
   In a small saucepot,  bring to boil the vinegar, sugar, olive oil, salt
   and pepper.
   [close%2Bup%2Bveggies.jpg]
   Let cool and pour over ingredients.
   Refrigerate overnight.
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE!
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 9:02 PM 3 comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Dorothy's Marinated Vegetable Salad, Marinated Vegetable Salad,
   Salad, Vegetable Salad. Vegetable

Tuesday, December 27, 2016

   [pecans%2B2.jpg]
   SPICY PECANS
   This recipe is from a good friend of mine, Stephanie DeLord.  She made
   these scrumptious, little treats to go on a salad she was serving for
   bunco at her home years ago.  Our bunco group has been playing together
   for over 20 years and every single woman is a fabulous cook.   I have
   gotten so many great recipes from them over the years and it has become
   more like a supper club/bunco group which is just fine with me.
   Anyway....getting back to these pecans.  My sister-in-law and I decided
   to trim our holiday cooking down on CHRISTmas Day so we could enjoy
   more time with our children and their babies.  Best decision all year
   long!  She made lasagna, meatballs and pasta for the kids, and a
   dessert.  I made a salad, garlic bread, and a dessert.  Now, if I am
   going to only bring a salad with no main course, then that salad is not
   going to just be greens with tomatoes and cucumbers.  Soooo.....I put
   the greens in a large bowl.  I cut up grape tomatoes, green peppers,
   red peppers, shallots, and served kalamata olives, pepperoncini peppers
   and the spicy pecans in a divided dish that allowed everyone to make
   their salad to their own liking.  I also made a homemade vinaigrette
   and bought ranch dressing from Salt Grass Steakhouse (because I think
   they have the best).   Let me add....the good thing (or maybe the bad
   thing) about these pecans is that they are so good you can eat them as
   a snack by themselves.  They are a little sweet and a little spicy.  I
   personally think you could double the cayenne in this recipe and it
   would be great.  I actually have a container of them sitting on the
   kitchen counter but between my son and I, they are disappearing at a
   rapid rate.
   These pecans are really easy to make but you just have to keep an eye
   on them and be sure to stir them every 10-12 minutes for 40-45 minutes.
    You really want the coating on the pecans to dry out/cook evenly so
   the turning of the pecans is very important.  I set a timer every time
   I stir so I don't forget.  Ten minutes goes by really fast.  It is also
   important to keep these pecans in a airtight container so they stay
   fresh and crispy.
   Eat your greens with your spicy pecans and you will be a happy girl or
   guy!  Enjoy!
   [pecans%2B1.jpg]
   SPICY PECANS
   2 Large Egg Whites
   1-1/2 teaspoons Salt
   3/4 cup Sugar
   2 teaspoons Worcestershire Sauce
   2 tablespoons Hungarian Paprika
   1-1/2 teaspoons Cayenne Pepper
   4-1/2 Pecan Halves
   6 tablespoons Butter (melted)
   Preheat Oven to 325 degrees.
   Beat egg whites with salt until foamy.
   Add sugar, worcestershire sauce, paprika, and cayenne.
   Fold in pecans and melted butter.
   Spread pecans evenly on a baking sheet.
   (I covered my baking sheet in foil for easy cleanup)
   Bake 40-45 minutes stirring every 10-12 minutes.
   Remove from oven and cool.
   Store in an airtight container.
   [pecans%2B3.JPG]
   [pecans%2B4.JPG]
   [pecans%2B6.JPG]
   [pecans%2B7.JPG]
   [pecans%2B5.JPG]
   [pecans%2B8.JPG]
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 10:22 PM No comments: Links to
   this post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Pecans, Salad Topping, Snacks, Spicy Pecans, Toppings

Wednesday, November 30, 2016

DEVILED EGGS

   [deviled%2Beggs.jpg]
   My son and I love deviled eggs!
   When I first started making them, I didn't have a clue what I was
   doing.  I was 18 with no recipe and no idea what goes into deviled
   eggs.
   Now, 35 years later, I have made these probably 1,000,000 times
   (okay...maybe not that many but so very, very close! Haha!)
   Weird thing happens every time I make these though...several of them go
   missing before I can serve them...Christopher!!!  So, I've learned over
   the years to make extra!
   I really need to play around with some different ingredients to add to
   the eggs....bacon, jalapenos, cilantro, tabasco, sour cream, etc.  I
   think that any of those ingredients would make these like super-duper
   good!!
   I usually make these by just eyeing the ingredients without measuring.
    However, blogging requires me to try to determine ingredient amounts.
    The ingredients are approximate so, just remember that you can always
   add but you cannot take away.  You may want to add a little more of
   this or that and you can totally do that.  Get creative...have
   fun...enjoy!
   DEVILED EGGS
   2 dozen eggs, boiled
   6 tbsp. Mayonnaise
   2-1/2 tbsp. Dill Relish (I like Dell Dixie)
   2 teaspoons Worcestershire Sauce
   1-2 teaspoons Mustard
   Salt to taste
   Ziploc Bag
   Place eggs into a large pot with enough cold water to cover and bring
   to a boil.  Boil for 10 minutes.
   Remove the pot from heat and pour off the water.  Let cool.
   Peel the eggs and then cut in half lengthwise.  Remove the yolks from
   the eggs, placing them in a medium mixing bowl.  Place the white part
   of the egg in a deviled egg tray or a plate.
   [EGG%2B6.JPG]
   Using a hand mixer, add all the ingredients and mix well.
   If the mixture seems to dry, add more mayo, dill relish, and mustard
   until you get it to a thick, paste-like consistency.
   Open a gallon size ziploc bag and spoon in the yolk mixture and smoosh
   (how do you like that recipe lingo?) all of the way down to the bottom
   of the bag.
   [EGG%2B3.JPG]
   [EGG%2B4.JPG]
   Cut a small piece of one of the corners off.
   Close the bag and then remove the air...twist the bag one or two
   rotations holding the bag in the corner of your hand between the thumb
   and your index finger.
   [EGG%2B1.JPG]
    Squeeze the mixture into each egg half.
   [EGG%2B5.JPG]
   [EGG%2B2.JPG]
   Top with your choice of ingredients...pimentos, bacon, paprika, etc.
   Cover and refrigerate.
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 10:19 PM No comments: Links to
   this post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Appetizer, Deviled Eggs, Eggs

Monday, November 28, 2016

   [Mexican%2Bsoup.JPG]
   MEXICAN CHICKEN VEGETABLE SOUP
   2 lbs. Boneless Chicken breasts and thighs, sprinkled liberally with
   TexJoy Steak Seasoning and Garlic Powder.  Bake in 400 degree oven for
   approximately 30 minutes or until chicken is 165 degrees.
   2-3 tbsp. Olive Oil
   1 cup chopped green onions
   1/2 cup chopped onion
   1/2 Large Poblano Pepper, chopped
   1/2 Medium Green or Red Bell Pepper
   8 Garlic Cloves, chopped
   4 Celery Stalks, chopped
   10 Baby Carrots, chopped into bite size pieces
   1 can Rotel Tomatoes, (I used the one with lime juice and cilantro)
   3 quarts Homemade Chicken Stock or Campbell's Chicken Broth (this is an
   approximate amount.                 You may want to add more broth or
   water depending on how much liquid you like in your
   soup)
   1 small bag frozen Baby Lima Beans
   1 small bag frozen Sweet Corn
   1 large Yellow Squash, sliced into bite size pieces
   6-8 Baby Bella Mushrooms, sliced (can use mushroom of your choice)
   1/3 cup Cilantro, minced
   2 Dried Red Chiles (optional)
   Salt and Pepper
   Toppings:  Chopped avocado, shredded cheese, green onions, fresh
   chopped cilantro
   In a large soup pot, add olive oil and first 7 ingredients.  Saute on
   low to medium heat until onion is transluscent.
   Add the Rotel tomatoes and chicken stock.
   Chop the chicken and add to the soup, along with the rest of the
   ingredients.  Cook for another 30 minutes or longer.  Serve with
   toppings.
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 7:22 PM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Chicken soup, Dinner, Mexican Chicken Vegetable Soup, Mexican
   Soup, soup, Vegetable

Sunday, August 21, 2016

PIONEER WOMAN'S CURRIED CHICKEN SALAD

                          [parmesan%2Bshells.jpg]
          Pioneer Woman's Curried Chicken Salad on Parmesan Crisps

   I have my favorite chicken salad that I have been making for years.  I
   posted the recipe on this blog a few years ago.  (click here for
   recipe)  It is full of wonderful ingredients like grapes and almonds.
   I have made that recipe like a million times (I may be exaggerating
   just a little).  Anyway, I was watching Pioneer Woman the other day and
   she was testing recipes for her new restaurant...which is now on my
   bucket list!  She made two different versions of chicken salad...one
   was like my recipe and one was called Curried Chicken Salad.  She
   served it to 6 of her friends and family and let them choose which one
   they like best.  Yep...you guessed it...they chose the curried version
   hands down.   Well that got my curiosity up and I decided I needed to
   see what was so great about adding curry to the chicken salad.
   First of all, I don't think I have ever had curry in anything I have
   eaten.  I know, I have lived a sheltered life.  Second of all, I don't
   even know what curry is!  My son, the chef, explained that there are
   different kinds of curry with different ingredients with different
   measurements.  Oh geez Louise...this is getting out of my comfort zone
   and out of my very small culinary world!  But I am so intrigued by
   Pioneer Woman's little contest and findings that I keep moving forward.
   I chose a curry powder that had tumeric, fenugreek, and coriander as
   the first three ingredients.  It was by a company called Morton &
   Bassett.  So, with that obstacle conquered I was ready to start putting
   ingredients together.
   I decided to make both chicken salads...my tried and true recipe and
   the curried version.  I changed both of them up a little by using baked
   chicken breasts.  I have always used canned chicken and Pioneer Woman
   uses an entire roasted chicken.  I sprinkled them liberally with garlic
   powder and garlic salt.  Since I didn't know anything about curry
   powder, I didn't want to use a spice that would conflict and I think
   garlic was definitely the right choice.
   The results....the curried chicken salad was full of amazing flavor.  I
   absolutely loved it.  I feel like I have been living in a culinary
   bubble and I just popped out of it...yayyyy for me!  It was very creamy
   from the mayo and yogurt, but it was crunchy too because of the almonds
   and celery.  It had just the right amount of sweetness from the raisins
   and sugar but the flavor was boosted with the salt and pepper.  I just
   love sugar and salt together....example my watermelon with salt
   sprinkled on or an apple with a little sugar on it...but I divert.
   Bottom line....I like my sugar with a little bit of salt.
   Conclusion:  I like them both and I cannot choose!  I am definitely
   keeping my recipe but I definitely going to make the curry chicken
   salad too.  Why do I have to choose...I don't and that makes my world a
   little better and a little bigger.
   CURRIED CHICKEN SALAD
   2-1/2 pounds Chicken Breasts (5 or 6 large)
   Garlic Powder and Garlic Salt
   3/4 Cup Golden Raisins
   1/2 Cup Slivered Almonds
   4 Green Onions, chopped
   3 Stalks Celery, chopped very small
   1/2 Cup Mayonnaise
   1/2 Cup Plain Greek Yogurt
   1/4 cup Heavy Cream
   3 Tablespoons Curry Powder
   2 Tablespoons Fresh Cilantro, chopped
   1 Tablespoons Brown Sugar
   Salt and Freshly Ground Black Pepper
   Sprinkle the chicken breasts liberally with garlic powder and garlic
   salt.
   Bake in a 400 degree over until done, approximately 45 minutes
   depending on size of chicken breasts or until a instant-read
   temperature probe inserted into the center of the breast reads 165
   degrees
   Chop into small bite-size pieces and place in a large bowl.
   Add raisins, almonds, onions, and celery to the chicken and set aside.
   In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, yogurt, heavy cream, curry
   powder, cilantro, brown sugar, and some salt and pepper.  Pour the
   dressing over the salad ingredients and gently toss to combine. Taste
   and adjust the seasoning.
   Allow to chill for several hours or overnight.
   Serve over mixed greens or bread of your choice.  (it is good no matter
   how you serve it)
   Serves 6 people easily
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 9:05 PM 1 comment: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Chicken Salad, Curried Chicken Salad, Curry, Salad

Monday, August 15, 2016

PIE CRUST

   [quiche%2B%2528closeup%2529.jpg]
   Today was life changing!  I made a homemade pie crust for my first time
   ever. LoL!
   I don't know why I waited because it was literally the easiest thing I
   did all day.  It was so flaky and so light that I am still a little
   giddy! I used Pioneer Woman's recipe and it took me less than 10
   minutes to make it and then another 15 minutes to let it cool in the
   freezer.  So, 25 minutes later I have a pie dough that, when baked,
   beat any bought pie crust I have ever had.  There is seriously no
   comparison!
   Thank you Pioneer Woman...I am high "five-ing" you from my Little
   Magnolia Kitchen!
   HOMEMADE PIE CRUST
   3 Cups All Purpose Flour
   3/4 Cups Shortening
   1-1/2 Sticks (12 tablespoons) Salted Butter (Cold)
   1 Egg, Beaten
   5 Tablespoons Cold Water
   1 Tablespoon White Vinegar
   1 Teaspoon Salt
   Put the flour in a large bowl.
   With a pastry cutter, gradually work the shortening and butter into the
   flour until it resembles coarse meal, 3 to 4 minutes.
   In a small bowl, beat the egg with a fork and pour it into the flour
   mixture.
   Add the cold water, white vinegar, and salt.  Stir gently to combine.
   Form the dough into 2 evenly sized balls and place each ball into a
   gallon food storage bag.
   Using a rolling pin, slightly flatten each ball of dough (to about 1/2
   inch thick) to make rolling easier later.
   Seal the bags and place them in the freezer until you need them. (If
   you will be using them immediately, it is still a good idea to put them
   in the freezer for 15-20 minutes to chill)  Note: I did this and then I
   had to wait for 15 minutes before I could work with the dough.  I am
   thinking that I might try 5 minutes next time.
   When you are ready to use the dough to make a crust, remove from the
   freezer and allow to thaw for 15 minutes.
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 8:08 PM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Homemade Pie Crust, Pie Crust

Wednesday, August 3, 2016

SIRLOIN VEGETABLE SOUP

   [sirloin%2Bvegetable%2Bsoup.jpg]
   I was in a hurry the other day....like most days...but I still really
   wanted to eat something homemade.  I also wanted to cook something that
   my little 3 year old grandson might eat.  So, after wracking my brain,
   I finally decided to make a soup.
   I have never made this soup before.  I actually used Pioneer Woman's
   Hamburger Soup recipe as a guide because I figured it would be the
   best.  But, I changed it, of course.  I wanted more depth of flavor so
   I kept adding garlic, spices, onions, worcestershire, etc.  I did not
   add anything spicy because of my grandson.  It was a hit.  My husband
   said it was the best soup he had ever eaten...so he got his picture in
   the post (don't tell him though, he was just being goofy in this pic).
    My grandson didn't eat any of it. Ugh!  But he is 3 so ya just never
   know! Haha!  He actually ate a peanut butter and jelly sandwich which
   is always a good choice and if I had a picture of him eating that, I
   would've posted it because he is just so precious!
   This soup was done from start to finish in 45 minutes.  The potatoes
   take the longest so the smaller they are, the quicker the soup cooks.
   Pioneer Woman's recipe called for carrots, but no baby lima beans or
   corn.  I didn't have any carrots but I had the other ingredients so
   that is what I used.  This soup is versatile and you can switch out
   veggies for the ones you like.  You could serve this with rice or
   tortillas.  And it is so full of flavor!  It is a recipe that I will be
   making over and over again!
   SIRLOIN VEGETABLE SOUP
   2-1/2 lbs. Ground Sirloin
   Garlic Powder (I use a lot)
   Salt and Pepper
   4 Green Onions, chopped
   1 Medium Onion
   3 Stalks Celery, chopped
   6 Cloves Garlic, minced
   1 Green Bell Pepper, diced
   1 Red Bell Pepper, diced
   1 Yellow Bell Pepper, diced
   4 Red New Potatoes, peeled and chopped
   1 regular bag frozen Corn
   1 regular bag frozen Baby Lima Beans
   3-10 ounce cans Campbell's Beef Broth
   2-10 ounce cans Water
   2 teaspoons dried Oregano
   1 teaspoon Cumin
   1 teaspoon Italian Seasoning
   Garlic Powder (1-2 tablespoons or more...I don't think there is such a
   thing as too much garlic)
   1 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce
   2-10 ounce cans Mild Rotel Tomatoes and Chiles
   1-6 ounce can Tomato Paste
   Red Chili Flakes or Cayenne Pepper or Hot Sauce for heat (if desired)
   Place the meat in a large Dutch Oven and add green onions, onions,
   garlic, celery and a lot of garlic powder.  Also, add salt and pepper
   at this time to the meat.  Cook until the meat in done and then drain
   the grease.
   Return to the stove and add the rest of the ingredients.  Return to a
   boil, then reduce heat and cook until the potatoes are tender.  Salt to
   taste.  Top with shredded cheese and/or chopped green onions, if
   desired.  Serve with cornbread or garlic bread.
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 7:23 PM 2 comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Hamburger Soup, Sirlion Soup, Sirloin Vegetable Soup, soup,
   Vegetable Soup

Tuesday, June 9, 2015

BREAKFAST CASSEROLE

   [Mexican%2BBreakfast%2BCasserole%2B002.JPG]
   This casserole is going down as my new favorite large-crowd breakfast
   dish!  Actually, this can be halved so it is going down as my new
   favorite breakfast dish...period!   It is so versatile and you can take
   it in any flavor direction that you want just by changing your spices.
   I wasn't sure how this recipe was going to turn out so I didn't take a
   lot of pictures.  In fact, I only took two!  So wish I would've taken a
   picture of the layers of cheesy eggs, on top of sausage, on top of
   golden fried potatoes.  It was pure divine yumminess.  Not guilt-free,
   but this isn't something I would eat everyday.  I probably will save
   this dish for special times such as Christmas morning, brunch with
   friends, or when I have company!
   My son made a dish similar to this while we were on vacation.  I called
   him to ask him what he put in it but he didn't write it down, or have a
   recipe either.  He just combined flavors that he liked, so I just did
   the same thing.
   I have never cooked Chorizo sausage but I will be cooking it from here
   on out.  It was packed with so much spicy flavor that it brought the
   casserole up a notch...or two....or three!!  My son used fresh, russet
   potatoes in his casserole but I just didn't want to go to the trouble.
    I was looking for a shortcut and I thought of the potatoes.  I didn't
   want to have to get up early to peel and chop potatoes and the OreIdas
   do all the work for you, so there you go.  However, if you want to make
   it all completely from scratch, then you definitely could.
   I used three different skillets only because I didn't have a recipe and
   had not thought the whole thing through.  But, I wrote this recipe to
   help, you and me both, cut down on the amount of skillets used and
   therefore, cut down the amount of cleanup involved.  I love to cook but
   I HATE to clean up!
   I made this for breakfast for friends and I served it with Salsa,
   fruit, and blueberry muffins.  My husband came home and ate it for
   lunch.  It is one of those dishes that can be served all day long, and,
   actually, for any meal.
   Invite some friends over for this breakfast casserole and coffee...it
   is a great way to start the Summer off right!
   HAPPY SUMMERTIME Y'ALL!
   [Mexican%2BBreakfast%2BCasserole%2B001.JPG]
   BREAKFAST CASSEROLE
   (Serves 8-10 depending on what else is served and how big the appetites
   are)
   1 - 32 ounce bag frozen Ore Ida Diced Potatoes
   4 Tablespoons Canola Oil
   2 teaspoons Chili Powder
   1 teaspoon Cumin
   Salt and Pepper to season the potatoes
   1 lb. Chorizo Sausage
   1 lb. Breakfast Sausage (I used Owen's Mild)
   16 Eggs
   1/4 cup Sour Cream
   Salt and Pepper to season the eggs
   1 medium Onion, diced
   1 bunch Green Onions, chopped
   1 medium Poblano Pepper, diced
   4 cloves Garlic, minced
   1/4 cup Cilantro, chopped
   2 cups Cheddar Cheese, shredded
   2 teaspoons Chili Powder
   1 teaspoon Cumin
   1.   In a large non-stick skillet over medium high heat, heat the
   canola oil.
   2.   Add the Potatoes and sprinkle the chili powder, cumin, salt and
   pepper over them.
   3.   Cook the potatoes, without turning, for about 10 minutes.  Turn
   the potatoes and cook another 7-10 minutes until golden brown.
   4.   Spray a 13 X 9 baking dish with Pam and then place the potatoes in
   evenly.
   5.   In the skillet you cooked the potatoes, or another skillet, brown
   the chorizo and the breakfast sausage.  Scoop the cooked sausage onto
   the potatoes evenly.
   6.   You can either save some of the grease from the cooked sausage or
   you can start fresh with canola oil or butter to saute the veggies.
   7.   In the skillet you used for the sausage or another skillet and
   using about 2-3 tablespoons of the sausage grease, canola oil, or
   butter, add the onion, green onions, garlic, and poblano pepper.  Cook
   until softened.
   8.   Whisk or beat the eggs and the sour cream.  Add the cooked
   veggies, cilantro, cheese, chili powder, cumin and salt and pepper to
   taste.  Stir to combine.
   9.   Pour the egg mixture over the potato and sausage mixture.
   10.  Bake at 350 Degrees for 35-45 minutes until golden brown and
   center is set.
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 6:52 PM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Breakfast, Breakfast Casserole, Casserole, Casserole with
   Potatoes and Sausage, Chorizo and Potato Casserole, Mexican Breakfast
   Casserole

Friday, March 27, 2015

TWICE BAKED POTATOES

   [potato%2B3.JPG]
   TWICE BAKED POTATOES
   4 large Baking Potatoes
   8 slices Bacon, cooked until crispy,  divide in half
   1 cup Sour Cream
   1/2 cup Milk
   4 tablespoons Butter
   1/2 teaspoon Salt
   1/2 teaspoon Pepper
   1 cup shredded Cheddar Cheese, divided in half
   8 Green Onions, chopped and divided in half
   Preheat oven to 400 Degrees.
   Bake for 1 hour or until a fork goes through the middle of the potato
   with ease.  The time will depend on the size of the potato.
   When potatoes are done, set aside for 10-15 minutes to let them cool a
   little bit.
   Decrease heat in the oven to 350 Degrees.
   Slice the potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop out the middle.
   Place the potatoes on a baking sheet.
   Put the scooped out potato in a large bowl and add the butter and half
   of the cheese.
   When cheese is melted, add the sour cream, butter, milk, half of the
   green onions, half of the bacon, salt and pepper.  Mix by hand, or with
   an electric hand mixer, until all are incorporated.
   Spoon evenly into each potato and top with the rest of the cheese,
   green onions and bacon.
   [potato%2B1.JPG]
   Place in the oven for an additional 15 minutes or until the cheese is
   melted on top.
   Serve immediately.
   [potato%2B2.JPG]
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE!
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 7:29 PM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Baked Potatoes, Delicious Side Dishes, Potato, Potatoes, Side
   Dishes, Twice Baked Potatoes

Tuesday, March 24, 2015

   [IMG_6816.JPG]
   KEY LIME PIE
   Graham Cracker Crust
   Preheat Oven to 375 Degrees.
   18 Graham Cracker Squares (1 package (not box) equals this amount)
   6 tablespoons Butter, melted
   1/4 cup Granulated Sugar
   Place graham crackers in a food processor and process until they are
   finely ground.
   Combine the graham crackers crumbs with the melted butter and sugar and
   mix until well combined.
   Press into the bottom and up the sides of a 9 inch pie plate.
   Bake for 7-9 minutes.
   Remove from oven and place on a cooling rack.
   Bump oven temperature down to 350 Degrees for the pie filling.
   Filling:
   4 Egg Yolks
   (1) 14 ounce can Sweetened Condensed Milk
   2-1/2 ounces Key Lime Juice
   Combine egg yolks and milk at low speed.  Slowly add juice.
   Pour into the pie crust.
   Bake at 350 Degrees for 12-15 minutes.
   Remove from oven and place on a cooling rack until completely cooled.
   Top with Fresh Whipped Cream
   Whipped Cream Topping:
   1/2 Pint Heavy Whipping Cream
   1/8 cup Granulated Sugar
   1/2 teaspoon Vanilla
   For the best results, place your beaters and bowl in the freezer for
   about 15 minutes before starting this recipe.
   Take beaters and bowl out of freezer and pour all the ingredients into
   the bowl.
   Beat at high speed until it is creamy and thick, approximately 2-3
   minutes.
   Spoon on top of your COOLED Key Lime Pie and place in the refrigerator
   until ready to serve.
   [key%2Blime%2Bpie.jpg]
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 7:04 AM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Dessert, Key Lime Pie, Key Limes, Pie, Whipped Cream

Friday, March 13, 2015

MINI CHICKEN AND BROCCOLI POT PIES

   [IMG_6788.JPG]
   A friend of mine, Debbie Holst Gutierrez, alerted me to the fact that
   it was National "Pi" Day.  Not your ordinary Pie day, but she was
   making this really scrumptious looking Dark Chocolate Salted Caramel
   Oreo Pie,  Well this got me to thinking that I should "celebrate" this
   day too.  And that is why I ended up making these little delights.
   I saw these the other day on Giada At Home, and since my 2 year old
   grandson, Alex, loves chicken and he loves broccoli, I thought these
   would be the perfect little bite-sized pot pies for his little hands.
   He didn't eat one because he saw his other "love" on the counter
   moments before we ate....Macaroni and Cheese....it wins out everytime.
    Oh well, I enjoyed making them and they were packed with really
   fabulous flavors.
   I will say that these are a little time consuming so if you do not have
   time, just go ahead and using this filling to making one big pot pie.
   You will have to cook longer...maybe 30-45 minutes and probably back
   the heat down a little, but they would still be good.  In fact, I did
   both.  I doubled this recipe and made the mini's, and also made some
   individual pot pies that would feed 2 a piece.  I served this with a
   fruit salad but I think carrots would be great too.
   They looked like little mini-quiches.  Wouldn't these be cute for a
   brunch or a bridal/baby shower?  I think they would be cute to announce
   that you are having a baby and make everything on the plate little,
   like little baby carrots, little new potatoes, etc.  They would also be
   perfect if you were announcing that you were having a new little
   grandbaby like I am!!
   YES!!!! I AM HAVING A NEW GRANDBABY!!!
   AND IT IS A BOY!!!!
   AND HE IS DUE IN SEPTEMBER!!!
   How is that for an announcement?? Haha!!
   My daughter, Crystal and her boyfriend Ryan are expecting their first
   baby boy mid-September.  We are over the moon excited about this new
   little blessing that is on his precious little way.  This Nannie's
   heart swells every time I think about it!
   I think your kids will  love these, but I loved them just as
   much....and the extra bonus was that I am expecting a very wonderful
   package in September!!  Love to you all!
   [IMG_6779.JPG]
   MINI CHICKEN AND BROCCOLI POT PIES
   (Makes 12 Minis)
   Preheat oven to 400 degrees
   1 Box of Refrigerated Pie Dough (2 10-inch pie rounds...I used
   Pillsbury)
   2 tablespoons Flour
   2 tablespoons Butter
   2 Garlic Cloves, minced
   3/4 - 1 cup Whole Milk, room temperature
   1/4 cup of shredded Parmesan Cheese (fresh grated is the best)
   Salt and Pepper to your liking
   1 cup Rotisserie Chicken Breast, chopped small
   1 cup fresh Broccoli, steamed and chopped small
   1 egg, beaten
   Melt the butter in a medium saucepan.  Add your garlic and saute for
   about 30 seconds.  Stir in the flour and cook for about a minute to
   remove the raw flour taste.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B6%2B08%2B25%2BPM.jpg]
   Whisk in the milk, stirring constantly to avoid lumps.  Stir until
   thickened like a gravy.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B6%2B09%2B56%2BPM.jpg]
   Add the Parmesan Cheese and stir to combine.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B6%2B13%2B37%2BPM.jpg]
   Taste now to see if you need more salt.  Add pepper to your liking.
   Add the chicken and the broccoli.  Stir to coat the pieces.  Remove
   from heat and set aside.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B6%2B15%2B26%2BPM.jpg]
   Using a 3 inch round cookie cutter, cut out 12 rounds.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B6%2B21%2B48%2BPM.jpg]
   Using a 2 inch round cookie cutter, cut out 12 rounds.
   Grease your mini muffin pan.  I use spray Olive Oil.
   Place one 3 inch round in each hole of the miniature muffin pan and
   work to make sure it is even and comes out of the opening at the top a
   little all around.  Lightly flatten the edges.
   Put a small amount of chicken/broccoli filling in each hole.  Not too
   much, because you do not want that coming out.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B6%2B38%2B59%2BPM.jpg]
   Using a pastry brush, brush some of the egg mixture around the
   flattened edges and place the 2 inch round piece of pastry on top.  The
   egg acts like a glue.  Lightly, mash to seal the edges.  After this
   step, you could use a fork to lightly make marks all around the
   edge....it just looks cute.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B6%2B48%2B25%2BPM.jpg]
   Brush a little more of the beaten egg on top.  It turns the top a
   beautiful, golden brown when baking.
   Next, make a slit on top of each mini pot pie so that the steam can
   escape while cooking.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B6%2B49%2B47%2BPM%2B(1).jpg]
   Place in the oven for 15-18 minutes.
   When they come out, I would let them rest for about 5 minutes before
   attempting to remove them from the muffin pan.  When they are cool,
   they come out perfectly but when they are hot, they need a little
   coaxing.
   [Photo%2BMar%2B12%2C%2B7%2B06%2B05%2BPM.jpg]
   I just got a small pan and placed it gently on top of the muffins, so
   not to mash them.  Then I flipped them slowly upside-down and just left
   them like that for about 30 seconds.  There may be some that are
   stubborn so if you can wait just a few more minutes, they should come
   right out or you can try "helping" out of their spots.
   And there you go, little mini Chicken and Broccoli Pot Pies.
   [IMG_6786.JPG]
   ENJOY!
   CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE RECIPE
   Posted by Little Magnolia Kitchen at 7:19 AM No comments: Links to this
   post
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Baby Shower Recipes, Bridal Shower Recipes, Broccoli, Brunch,
   chicken, Chicken and Broccoli, Chicken and Brocolli Pot Pies, Dinner,
   Mini Chicken and Broccoli Pot Pies, Mini Pot Pies, Pies, Pot Pies,
   Supper

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Search This Blog

   __________ Search

FOLLOW ON:

     * INSTAGRAM
     * PINTEREST
     * FACEBOOK

Follow by Email

   ____________________ Submit

Subscribe To

   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments

About Me

   My photo

   Little Magnolia Kitchen
          My name is Janna! I am a southern girl through and through! I
          love my sweet tea, southern food and the word y'all comes out of
          my mouth about 100 times a day. I love to laugh! If you want
          someone to laugh at your bad joke, I'm your girl! Talking would
          run a close second to laughing! Cooking is my longtime love and
          I'm excited that I have found an outlet for it! My family, and
          friends, along with my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ have my
          heart!

   View my complete profile

Popular Posts

     * TEXAS TRASH
       In honor of all those kiddos going back to school, I have a recipe
       for the ultimate treat that parents and kids can both agree
       on....and...
     * CROCK POT RED BEANS AND RICE
       Red Beans and Rice is considered a complete meal if you live in the
       South!  Technically, I guess it should be called Sausage and Red
       Bean...
     * AUTHENTIC BEEF ENCHILADAS
       These are literally the best enchiladas I have ever had!  I am not
       even joking!  The first time I tried these enchiladas was at my...
     * SOCK IT TO ME CAKE
         I would love to know who originally penned this recipe!  I got
       this from my Mom who had it for ages.  She had it so long that she
       forgot...
     * FALL-APART, PRESSURE COOKER, POT ROAST
        When I was growing up, one of my very favorite meals was Roast,
       Rice and Gravy!  It still is!!  My mom and grandmother's roas...
     * NAVAJO CORNBREAD
        This post should be called the "Confessions of a Carb Girl"!   I
       think I could live happily ever after if carbs simply ...
     * PEACH COBBLER
       Okay, I know this is not the best picture.  Please do not let this
       picture stop you from baking this cobbler, it is seriously one of
       the ...
     * GLAZED CARROTS (LIKE CHEDDAR'S)
       My 21 month old grandson is pretty much obsessed with carrots.  My
       daughter packs them in his lunch when he goes to MDO and there is
       ne...
     * FANTASY FUDGE (it never fails)
         I love CHRISTmas baking and cooking...it is one of those things
       that if I don't do then it just doesn't feel like CHRISTmas!...
     * DOROTHY'S MARINATED VEGETABLE SALAD
       My Mom, Dorothy, used to make this salad every Thanksgiving.  She
       loved it and I think everyone else did too....except me.   I ju...

Blog Archive

     *   2017 (6)
          +   November (1)
               o SALTED CARAMEL APPLE PIE BARS Shortbread Crust 1...
          +   February (1)
          +   January (4)

     *   2016 (6)
          +   December (1)
          +   November (2)
          +   August (3)

     *   2015 (20)
          +   June (1)
          +   March (4)
          +   February (5)
          +   January (10)

     *   2014 (18)
          +   December (4)
          +   November (2)
          +   September (2)
          +   August (1)
          +   July (6)
          +   June (3)

     *   2013 (29)
          +   October (1)
          +   September (2)
          +   August (10)
          +   July (2)
          +   June (4)
          +   April (1)
          +   March (8)
          +   January (1)

     *   2012 (60)
          +   December (9)
          +   November (1)
          +   October (7)
          +   September (5)
          +   August (13)
          +   July (12)
          +   June (13)

   Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.
