   #alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KZZH27K

   Logo

   Community English (US)
   languages
   Deutsch Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português do Brasil
   Current: English (US)
   Sign in

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Zendesk updates
    3. Announcements

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Zendesk updates
    3. Announcements

Removal of the Pathfinder app

   Hannah Bastian
     * Edited September 11, 2019 23:57

   Follow

   Announced on       Removal
   August, 2019   October 14, 2019

   This article contains the following topics:
     * What is the Pathfinder app?
     * What does this mean?
     * Why is Zendesk removing this?
     * Am I affected?
     * What do I need to do?
     * What happens if I don’t uninstall the app before the removal date?
     * Extension requests

   Related information:
     * v1 app removals, alternatives, and future plans

What is the Pathfinder app?

   We launched the Pathfinder app in March 2016 as part of our
   Productivity Pack add-on, available to customers on the Support
   Professional plan and included in the Support Enterprise plan.

   The Pathfinder app allows agents to see which Help Center articles and
   community posts customers have viewed and searched for prior to
   submitting support requests.

What does this mean?

   Zendesk will be removing apps created on the Apps Framework version 1
   (ZAF v1) effective October 14, 2019. As part of this removal, the
   Pathfinder app will not function after October 14, 2019. Specifically,
   Pathfinder will not be migrated to ZAF v2 and we will not build an
   alternative app in the foreseeable future.

   In the meantime, if your Zendesk account has Answer Bot, you will still
   be able to see which articles customers have been presented with via
   Answer Bot in the ticket interface.

   Answer_bot.png

Why is Zendesk removing this?

   For Zendesk to continue to innovate with new features, we need to
   occasionally remove older ones from our products. After careful
   analysis of customer impact and review of development resources and
   priorities, we’ve decided that our team will not migrate Pathfinder to
   the ZAF v2.

Am I affected?

   Admins can check if they have Pathfinder installed  by going to Admin >
   Apps > Manage. On this page, you may see a V1 Apps tab with a warning
   next to it. This means your account has V1 apps installed and you are
   affected.

   Click on the V1 Apps tab to see which of your installed apps require
   attention, including the Pathfinder app.

   Pathfinder_app.png

What do I need to do?

   Since Pathfinder is going away, you should uninstall it - not just
   disable it. To uninstall, go to Settings > Apps > Manage > Pathfinder >
   settings cog > Uninstall.

   Pathfinder_app_uninstall.png

What happens if I don’t uninstall before the removal date?

    If Pathfinder remains in your account on October 14, 2019, it will not
   be automatically removed but agents will see a placeholder informing
   them that the app no longer functions. An administrator will need to
   uninstall the app.

Extension requests

   We’ve heard some accounts may need more time so we are proactively
   offering extensions to ZAF v1 until midnight UTC, February 7th 2020.
   For any account that would like an extension, please fill out this
   form before October 12th noon (PT) to ensure your extension is
   processed and you experience no app disruption. This one form will
   allow for an extension of ZAF V1 which includes Public Apps, Private
   Apps and Zendesk created apps and features like Pathfinder and
   conditional fields.






   -12
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn

   Return to top
   Have more questions? Submit a request

0 Comments

   Article is closed for comments.

Related articles

Related articles

     * v1 app removals, alternatives, and future plans
     * Understanding everywhere you can use Answer Bot
     * Removal of legacy Salesforce integration managed package
     * Release Notes Through 2019-08-23
     * Ask Us Anything about Explore Recipes - Tuesday, August 27

   Zendesk 1019 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94103 Privacy Policy | Terms
   & Conditions | System Status

   Powered by Zendesk
   #alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KZZH27K

   Logo

   Community English (US)
   languages
   Deutsch Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português do Brasil
   Current: English (US)
   Sign in

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Cross Product
    3. Policies

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Cross Product
    3. Policies

Regional Data Hosting Policy

   Jason Robman
     * Edited October 02, 2019 00:00

   Follow

   Zendesk’s Regional Data Hosting Policy (“Data Hosting Policy”) explains
   where Zendesk Service Data can be Hosted, and where other processing
   activities occur. “Hosting/Hosted” means the storing, hosting or
   replicating of Service Data including for archival, backup and log
   purposes. All other capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein such
   as “Service Data”, shall have the meaning set forth in Zendesk’s Master
   Subscription Agreement available here. Definitions for the categories
   of Service Data covered in this Data Hosting Policy can be found
   following the table below.

   This Data Hosting Policy does not apply to (a) data that resides in any
   Zendesk product or services not detailed in this Data Hosting Policy;
   (b) data that resides in Third Party Services managed and hosted by
   third parties and the Service Data that is or may be shared with such
   Third Party Services (as defined in our Master Services Agreement); or
   (c) data that resides in a Zendesk product or service that is in a
   Beta, Testing or Early Access Program (except as noted within this Data
   Hosting Policy).

Where Zendesk Service Data Can Be Hosted

   Zendesk Subscribers who purchase the Data Center Location Deployed
   Associated Service (“Add-on”) have the ability to select the region in
   which data centers that Host certain of their Service Data are located
   from the data center regions made available by Zendesk (“Data
   Locality”). The table below summarizes the geographical region(s) where
   certain types of Service Data can be Hosted when the Add-On is
   purchased and Data Locality is enabled. For the avoidance of doubt, all
   Service Data which is available for Data Locality as detailed in this
   Data Hosting Policy can only be Hosted in a single Data Locality:

Zendesk Support

   Unstructured Service Data Description Hosting Options
   Ticket Data Available to be Hosted in the European Economic Area (EEA)
   or the United States (US)
   User Data Available to be Hosted in the EEA or the US (except for
   Insights data which is Hosted in the US only)
   Attachments Available to be Hosted in the EEA or the US
   Insights (Analytics within Zendesk Support) Available to be Hosted in
   the US only
   Net Promoter Score (NPS) email distribution lists Available to be
   Hosted in the US only
   Archived Screencasts (No longer available) Available to be Hosted in
   the US only
   Messaging Channel Data Hosted in the same region where the Subscriber's
   Zendesk Support account is Hosted or in the US at Zendesk's
   discretion.

Zendesk Guide

     Service Data Type                  Hosting Options
   Guide Content          Available to be Hosted in the EEA or the US
   Attachments and Images Available to be Hosted in the US only
   Spam Filter            Available to be Hosted in the US only

Zendesk Gather

   Service Data Type               Hosting Options
   Gather Content    Available to be Hosted in the EEA or the US
   Images            Available to be Hosted in the US only
   Spam Filter       Available to be Hosted in the US only

Zendesk Chat

   Service Data Type Hosting Options
   Chat Content Available to be Hosted in the EEA only
   Messaging Conversations Hosted in EEA or in the US at Zendesk's
   discretion.

Zendesk Talk

   Service Data Type Hosting Options
   Call Recordings Available to be Hosted by Zendesk’s third party service
   provider, Twilio, in the US only
   Transcriptions Available to be Hosted by Zendesk’s third party service
   provider, Twilio, in the US only; also stored in tickets where
   Subscriber’s Zendesk Support account is Hosted
   SMS Messages Available to be Hosted by Zendesk’s third party service
   provider, Twilio, in the US only; also stored in tickets where
   Subscriber’s Zendesk Support account is Hosted

Zendesk Explore

   Service Data Type Hosting Options
   Application Data Hosted in the same region where Subscriber’s connected
   Zendesk Support account is Hosted
   Connector Data Hosted in the same region where Subscriber’s connected
   Zendesk Support account is Hosted
   Email Campaign Data Available to be Hosted by Zendesk’s third party
   service provider, Sendgrid, in the US only

Zendesk Connect

   Service Data Type

   Hosting Options

   Connect Service Data

   Available to be hosted in the US only

Zendesk Sunshine

   Service Data Type Hosting Options
   Custom Objects Data Typically Hosted in the same region where the
   Subscriber’s Zendesk Support account is Hosted, but might be Hosted in
   different regions at Zendesk's discretion. Data Locality is not
   available for Sunshine Custom Objects Data.
   Events API Data Typically Hosted in the same region where the
   Subscriber's Zendesk Support account is Hosted, but might be Hosted in
   different regions at Zendesk's discretion. Data Locality is not
   available for Sunshine Events API Data.
   Profiles Data Typically Hosted in the same region where the
   Subscriber's Zendesk Support account is Hosted, but might be Hosted in
   different regions at Zendesk's discretion. Data Locality is not
   available for Sunshine Profiles Data.

Definitions

     * Ticket Data: includes ticket comments, tags, custom fields and
       audit events.
     * User Data: includes identities, hashed passwords and names for both
       Agents and End-Users.
     * Attachments: includes files attached to tickets or articles.
     * Messaging Channel Data: includes all content entered into the third
       party messaging channels that can be enabled within Zendesk
       Support.
     * Guide Content: includes data posted on a Subscriber’s Guide Account
       such as articles and any comments thereto.
     * Gather Content: includes data posted on a Subscriber's Gather
       Account such as posts and any comments thereto.
     * Images: includes image files attached to articles, posts, or
       comments in Guide and Gather.
     * Chat Content: includes content inserted into a chat session by an
       End-User or Subscriber.
     * Messaging Conversations: includes content entered into the third
       party messaging channels that can be enabled within Zendesk Chat.
     * Call Recordings: includes live call recordings and voicemails.
     * Transcriptions: includes written transcriptions of call recordings
       and voicemails. Transcriptions are also stored in Zendesk Support
       tickets.
     * SMS Messages: includes content exchanged through Zendesk Text by
       Agents and End-Users. This data is also stored in Zendesk Support
       tickets.
     * Application Data: includes data that is stored as part of the
       Zendesk Explore Service, such as accounts, users, and
       metric/query/dashboard metadata.
     * Connector Data: includes data that is ingested into Explore from
       other Zendesk Services as part of the Zendesk integration (such as
       Support, Talk, Chat, Guide).
     * Email Campaign Data: includes email addresses of recipients
       receiving dashboard emails within Zendesk Explore and content of
       the emails themselves.
     * Connect Service Data: includes all content inserted into Connect by
       Customers excluding Account Information.
     * Custom Objects Data: includes all content inserted into the Custom
       Objects functionality (including through Zendesk Sunshine features
       integrated into Zendesk Support).
     * Events API Data: includes all content inserted into the Events API
       (including through Zendesk Sunshine features integrated into
       Zendesk Support).
     * Profiles Data: includes all content inserted into the Profiles
       functionality (including through Zendesk Sunshine features
       integrated into Zendesk Support).

Disabling Features or Functionality Within a Zendesk Service to Limit Hosting
of Service Data Outside of a Selected Region

   Many of the features or functionality that require Hosting of Service
   Data in a particular region are, by default, disabled or may be
   disabled by Agents authorized as administrators within a Zendesk
   Service. These include the following:
   Service Options
   Insights (Analytics within Zendesk Support) Insights is optional and
   disabled by default. Custom ticket fields enabled for export into
   Insights may be disabled upon request. Default ticket fields exported
   to Insights (including End-User organization) cannot be disabled.
   Net Promoter Score (NPS) email distribution lists NPS is optional and
   is disabled by default
   Spam Filter Spam filter is optional and is disabled by default
   Zendesk Sunshine Zendesk Sunshine features are optional and must be
   activated by Subscribers.

Hosting and Processing of Backups and Logs

   Backups and audit logs of Service Data for which Data Locality is
   available (“Backups and Logs”) are also Hosted in the selected region.
   Backups and Logs may be otherwise Processed outside of the EEA and the
   US in accordance with the policies below.

Processing of Service Data

   Notwithstanding the Data Locality options above, Service Data,
   including Service Data for which Data Locality is available, may be
   Processed (as that term is defined in our Master Subscription Agreement
   and Privacy Policy (as amended from time to time)) by any member of the
   Zendesk Group or their authorized third party service providers in
   other regions, countries and territories. Processing of Service Data is
   performed as necessary to provide the applicable Service and all
   members of the Zendesk Group and third party service providers are
   subject to strict technical and organizational measures to protect the
   Service Data that is Hosted or Processed by them. Service Data may also
   be transferred, Processed or disclosed as required by law or in
   response to subpoena or other legal process as described in our Master
   Subscription Agreement and Privacy Policy. Processing of Service Data
   by a member of the Zendesk Group or their authorized third party
   service providers may include storage (that is incidental to the
   purpose of such Processing) in other regions, countries and territories
   for a limited period of time.

Protections for Personal Data

   Service Data may include Personal Data (“Personal Data”). Applicable
   Data Protection Laws (as the term is defined herein) sets out a number
   of data protection requirements which apply when Personal Data is being
   Processed. Applicable Data Protection Law means the following data
   protection law(s)): (i) where Data Controller is established in an EEA
   member state or where Data Controller’s Agents or End-Users access the
   Services from an EEA member state: the EU Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”)
   (and any applicable national laws made under it).

   Service Data is Processed by the Zendesk Group and its third party
   service providers in compliance with GDPR. This includes compliance
   with requirements that Personal Data transferred from the EEA to other
   countries where the Zendesk Group or its third party service providers
   operate is adequately protected. Zendesk regularly enters into Data
   Processing Agreements with its Subscribers which incorporate the EU
   Standard Contractual Clauses ("Model Clauses") and detail our
   obligations with respect to the Processing of Personal Data. If you
   would like to review and enter into such an agreement, please
   contact privacy@zendesk.com.

   Zendesk maintains an up-to-date list of the names and locations of all
   subprocessors (including members of the Zendesk Group and third
   parties) used for Hosting or other Processing of Service Data,
   including Personal Data, which can be found here or may be obtained by
   contacting privacy@zendesk.com.

   Zendesk computing environments are routinely audited with standards,
   certifications and accreditations including ISO 27001:2013, ISO
   27018:2014, and SOC 2 Type II; Zendesk servers are hosted at Tier IV or
   Tier III+, SSAE-16, PCI DSS, or ISO 27001 compliant facilities. Learn
   more about Security at Zendesk here. By operating in an accredited
   environment, Zendesk Subscribers reduce the scope and cost of audits
   they need to perform. Zendesk continuously undergoes assessments of its
   underlying infrastructure, including the physical and environmental
   security of its hardware and data centers, so its Subscribers can take
   advantage of those certifications and simply inherit those controls.

Migration

   For existing Zendesk Subscribers who enable Data Locality, migration of
   Service Data to a data center in the requested region may be required.
   In such circumstances, a copy of Subscriber’s Service Data will be
   created during the migration process for the purposes of ensuring that
   all Service Data required to be migrated has been fully migrated to the
   data center in the specified region. This assurance process conducted
   by Zendesk may take up to thirty (30) days from the date of
   commencement of such migration. After the migration process has been
   completed and confirmed, deletion of the copy of the Subscriber’s
   Service Data in the former data center will commence under Zendesk’s
   Data Deletion Policy available here. Subscribers should expect that
   migrations will likely require a scheduled downtime.

Zendesk Apps and Third Party Services

   Service Data may be shared with Third Party Services (as that term is
   defined in our Master Subscription Agreement, as amended from time to
   time), including third party applications that integrate with Zendesk
   Services through apps and other integrations. These include Zendesk
   Apps made available on the Zendesk Marketplace or through the Agent
   interface in the Zendesk Service. Service Data that is Hosted or
   Processed through such Third Party Services is outside the scope of
   this Data Hosting Policy. Please contact the providers of these Third
   Party Services directly if you have questions about Hosting or
   Processing of Service Data through these Third Party Services.

Other Data Collected

   As detailed in our Privacy Policy available here, we collect data and
   other information in connection with the operation and management of
   Zendesk, Inc., the Zendesk Group and the marketing, sales, support and
   administration of their respective businesses and services, including
   Zendesk’s Services. This information may include Personal Data, such as
   (but not limited to) payment information and the names and email
   addresses of individuals authorized to use Zendesk’s Service as Agents
   (as that term is defined in our Master Subscription Agreement). Our
   collection, use and sharing of this information is outside the scope of
   this Data Hosting Policy and is governed by our Privacy Policy;
   however, you can rest assured that we comply with GDPR with respect to
   all Personal Data included in such information.

   12 10
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn

   Return to top
   Have more questions? Submit a request

10 Comments

   Sort by Date Votes
     *
   Vincèn PUJOL
          + September 27, 2013 16:54
       Comment actions Permalink
   Estimated timeframe to get that feature in Plus plan ? Would be nice
       also to offer invoice in € and not only in $ to avoid additional
       charges for invoices !
       0
     *
   Joshua VanDavier
          + September 27, 2013 17:52
       Comment actions Permalink
   Just to confirm: this is a voluntary move? We are not required to move
       to the Dublin data center, nor will we be moved without sufficient
       notification?
       0
     *
   Ben Rohrs
          + September 27, 2013 18:13
       Comment actions Permalink
   @Vincen: We don't currently have plans to offer this to Plus customers.
       We are currently investigating payment in non-USD currencies, but
       don't have a committed timeframe for this yet. @Joshua: Yes, this
       is a voluntary move. If you request this move, we would work with
       you to schedule the migration since it would likely require some
       downtime, depending on the number of tickets you have
       0
     *
   Tranle
          + June 27, 2014 08:15
       Comment actions Permalink
   Hi, I would like to ask. What is the benefit of moving Dublin data
       center? How long we can store our data in Zendesk and what is the
       capacity of Zendesk to store data?
       0
     *
   Tranle
          + June 27, 2014 08:21
       Comment actions Permalink
   Another question plz? Is this Dublin data center only applied to
       European-based company?
       0
     *
   Colin Piper
          + June 27, 2014 08:22
       Comment actions Permalink
   How do we know where are data is currently stored? Is there a way we
       can measure the benefits of a move?
       1
     *
   Ben Rohrs
          + June 27, 2014 16:06
       Comment actions Permalink
   @Tranle: Any Enterprise or Enterprise Elite customers can request a
       move to the Dublin data center. Although Zendesk is EU Safe Harbor
       compliant, some customers prefer and are sometimes contractually
       obligated to store their data in the EU. Zendesk will store your
       data as long as you are a customer, we do not delete your data
       after a certain time period. @Colin: Unfortunately there isn't a
       way to determine this from your account. I'll create a ticket so we
       can identify this for you.
       0
     *
   Bulent Yazici
          + March 03, 2016 15:40
       Comment actions Permalink
       @Ben. Our understanding is that even though we have have our data
       hosted in a specific region, i.e. EU, there are no guarantees that
       it will not be moved elsewhere, unless we pay £2,000 per month!!
   0
     *
   Helle Buhl
          + December 21, 2016 10:44
       Comment actions Permalink
       I think that the price for this is insanely expensive! Is it only
       me?


   1
     *
   Bulent Yazici
          + December 21, 2016 10:47
       Comment actions Permalink
       Yup, insanely expensive!
   0

   Article is closed for comments.

Related articles

Related articles

     * What is a "Pod"?
     * Sub-processors
     * About Zendesk product add-ons
     * Zendesk Data Deletion Policy
     * Privacy and Data Protection: How Zendesk Protects Personal Data

   Zendesk 1019 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94103 Privacy Policy | Terms
   & Conditions | System Status

   Powered by Zendesk
   #alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KZZH27K

   Logo

   Community English (US)
   languages
   Deutsch Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português do Brasil
   Current: English (US)
   Sign in

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Cross Product
    3. Policies

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Cross Product
    3. Policies

Sub-processors

   Jason Robman
     * Edited September 05, 2019 18:40

   Follow

   Zendesk, Inc. (“Zendesk”) uses certain sub-processors (including
   members of the Zendesk Group and third parties, as listed below) and
   content delivery networks to assist it in providing the Zendesk
   Services as described in the Master Subscription Agreement (“MSA”).
   Defined terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the
   MSA.

What is a Sub-processor

   A sub-processor is a third party data processor engaged by Zendesk,
   including entities from within the Zendesk Group, who has or
   potentially will have access to or process Service Data (which may
   contain Personal Data). Zendesk engages different types of
   sub-processors to perform various functions as explained in the tables
   below.

Due Diligence

   Zendesk undertakes to use a commercially reasonable selection process
   by which it evaluates the security, privacy and confidentiality
   practices of proposed sub-processors that will or may have access to or
   otherwise process Service Data.

Contractual Safeguards

   Zendesk requires its sub-processors to satisfy equivalent obligations
   as those required from Zendesk (as a Data Processor) as set forth in
   Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”), including but not limited
   to the requirements to:
     * Process Personal Data in accordance with data controller’s (i.e.
       Subscriber’s) documented instructions (as communicated in writing
       to the relevant sub-processor by Zendesk);
     * In connection with their sub-processing activities, use only
       personnel who are reliable and subject to a contractually binding
       obligation to observe data privacy and security, to the extent
       applicable, pursuant to applicable data protection laws;
     * Provide regular training in security and data protection to
       personnel to whom they grant access to Personal Data;
     * Implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational
       measures (including measures consistent with those to which Zendesk
       is contractually committed to adhere to insofar as they are equally
       relevant to the sub-processor’s processing of Personal Data on
       Zendesk’s behalf) and provide an annual certification that
       evidences compliance with this obligation. In the absence of such
       certification Zendesk reserves the right to audit the
       sub-processor;
     * Promptly inform Zendesk about any actual or potential security
       breach; and
     * Cooperate with Zendesk in order to deal with requests from data
       controllers, data subjects or data protection authorities, as
       applicable.

   This policy does not give Subscribers any additional rights or remedies
   and should not be construed as a binding agreement. The information
   herein is only provided to illustrate Zendesk’s engagement process for
   sub-processors as well as to provide the actual list of third party
   sub-processors and content delivery networks used by Zendesk as of the
   date of this policy (which Zendesk may use in the delivery and support
   of its Services).

   If you are a Zendesk Subscriber and wish to enter into our DPA, please
   email us at privacy@zendesk.com.

Process to Engage New Sub-processors:

   For all Subscribers who have executed Zendesk’s standard DPA, Zendesk
   will provide notice via this policy of updates to the list of
   sub-processors that are utilized or which Zendesk proposes to utilize
   to deliver its Services. Zendesk undertakes to keep this list updated
   regularly to enable its Subscribers to stay informed of the scope of
   sub-processing associated with the Zendesk Services. Zendesk
   Subscribers may subscribe to receive notifications of updates to this
   policy by clicking “Follow updates” at the top of this policy.

   Pursuant to the DPA, a Subscriber may object in writing to the
   processing of its Personal Data by a new sub-processor within thirty
   (30) days following the update of this policy and such objection shall
   describe Subscriber's legitimate reason(s) for objection. If Subscriber
   does not object during such time period the new sub-processor(s) shall
   be deemed accepted.

   If a Subscriber objects to the use of a new sub-processor pursuant to
   the process provided under the DPA, Zendesk shall have the right to
   cure the objection through one of the following options (to be selected
   at Zendesk’s sole discretion):

   (a) Zendesk will cease to use the new sub-processor with regard to
   Personal Data;

   (b) Zendesk will take the corrective steps requested by Subscriber in
   its objection (which steps will be deemed to resolve Subscriber’s
   objection) and proceed to use the sub-processor to process Personal
   Data; or

   (c) Zendesk may cease to provide or Subscriber may agree not to use
   (temporarily or permanently) the particular aspect of a Zendesk Service
   that would involve use of the sub-processor to process Personal Data.

   Termination rights, as applicable and agreed, are set forth exclusively
   in the DPA.

   The following is an up-to-date list (as of the date of this policy) of
   the names and locations of Zendesk sub-processors and content delivery
   networks (including members of the Zendesk Group and third parties):

Infrastructure Sub-processors – Service Data Storage and Processing

   Zendesk owns or controls access to the infrastructure that Zendesk uses
   to host and process Service Data submitted to the Services, other than
   as set forth herein. Currently, the Zendesk production systems used for
   hosting Service Data for the Services are located in co-location
   facilities in the United States and Europe and in the infrastructure
   sub-processors listed below. Subscriber accounts are established in one
   of these regions based on where the Subscriber is located; the
   Subscriber’s Service Data subsequently remains in that region unless
   agreed between Subscriber and Zendesk, but may be shifted among data
   centers within a region to ensure performance and availability of the
   Services. The following table describes the countries and legal
   entities engaged by Zendesk in the storage of Service Data. Zendesk
   also uses additional services provided by these sub-processors to
   process Service Data as needed to provide the Services.
   Entity Name Entity Type Entity Country
   Amazon Web Services, Inc. Cloud Service Provider United States,
   Ireland, Germany, Japan
   Google Inc. Cloud Service Provider United States

Service Specific Sub-processors

   Zendesk works with certain third parties to provide specific
   functionality within the Services. These providers are the
   Sub-processors set forth below. In order to provide the relevant
   functionality these Sub-processors access Service Data. Their use is
   limited to the indicated Services.
   Entity Name Purpose Applicable Services Entity Country
   Twilio, Inc. Zendesk Talk’s cloud center software is built on Twilio,
   Inc.’s (“Twilio”) development platform. Twilio’s development platform
   provides the APIs from which Zendesk Talk accesses the
   telecommunications infrastructure, including phone numbers, voice
   minutes, web client, and phone call recording and transcription. Twilio
   has access to Subscribers’ and End-Users’ information as needed to
   deliver the Talk and Text messages between Subscribers and End-Users.
   This includes Service Data contained in the messages and the Personal
   Data of Subscribers’ Agents and End-Users as needed to send and deliver
   the messages. Zendesk Support also uses Twilio for two-factor
   authentication of End-Users. The only information Twilio has access to
   for this purpose is End-User phone number. Zendesk Talk, Zendesk
   Support United States
   GoodData Corporation GoodData Corporation (“GoodData”) is the analytics
   provider that Zendesk uses to provide Insights and Analytics within the
   Services. All United States
   Smooch Technologies ULC Smooch Technologies ULC (“Smooch”) provides
   some of the connectors between the Zendesk Message functionality
   available within Zendesk Chat and messaging functionality within
   Zendesk Support and certain third party messaging platforms. Smooch has
   access to Subscribers’ and End-Users’ information as needed to deliver
   the messages sent through the connectors. This includes Service Data
   contained in the messages and the Personal Data of Subscribers’ Agents
   and End-Users as needed to send and deliver the messages. Zendesk Chat,
   Zendesk Support Canada
   Sendgrid, Inc. Sendgrid, Inc. (“Sendgrid”) is an email campaign service
   provider used within Zendesk Explore to send notification emails and
   dashboards to Agents and End-Users. The primary information Sendgrid
   has access to is the email addresses of recipients of the emails and
   the content of the emails themselves. The content of the emails may
   include the dashboards Subscriber has chosen to include in the email
   campaign. Zendesk Explore United States
   Cloudflare, Inc. Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”) provides content
   distribution, security and DNS services for web traffic transmitted to
   and from the Services. This allows Zendesk to efficiently manage
   traffic and secure the Services. The primary information Cloudflare has
   access to is information in and associated with the Zendesk website URL
   that the End-User or Agent is interacting with (which includes End-User
   or Agent IP address). All information (including Service Data)
   contained in web traffic transmitted to and from the Services is
   transmitted through Cloudflare’s systems. Cloudflare also processes a
   limited amount of Personal Data (specifically Agent and End-User IP
   addresses and browser and operating system information) for logging
   purposes. All United States
   Pendo.io, Inc. Pendo.io, Inc. (“Pendo”) is a third-party analytics
   provider that Zendesk uses to capture how users interact with the
   Service. Zendesk uses this information to analyze and improve the
   Services. The primary information Pendo has access to is information in
   and associated with the Zendesk website URL that the Agent and End-User
   is interacting with, such as time spent on page, items clicked
   (including Service Data contained in those items), Agent email
   addresses, End-User email addresses, etc. All United States
   DataVisor, Inc. DataVisor, Inc. (“DataVisor”) is a third party service
   used to prevent fraudulent account registrations for the Service and to
   prevent spamming and other harmful use of the Services. The primary
   information that DataVisor has access to is information provided by
   Subscribers at trial creation (Subscriber email address, IP address,
   company name, etc.), Guide content and comments, and Support ticket
   content and associated End-User ticket metadata. All United States
   Datadog, Inc. Datadog, Inc. (“Datadog”) is a third party logging
   platform that Zendesk uses for ingesting, parsing, querying and
   performing analytics on Service application and infrastructure logs
   (“Logs”). These Logs are then used for debugging, troubleshooting,
   auditing, reporting, and detecting and alerting on unexpected
   application behavior. Incidental to the purpose of the Log Processing,
   Service Data and Personal Data may be Processed by Datadog. Examples of
   the data that may be in the Logs includes: timestamp, token ID, email
   address, user agent, username, Account ID, User ID, name, IP address,
   application paths and parameters, Session IDs, provisioned
   infrastructure, Ticket and Help Center data, Agent data and other types
   of Service Data. All United States
   Accenture International Limited
   Accenture International Limited (“Accenture”) is a third-party service
   provider that assists Zendesk with the provision of customer support
   only and is not involved in technical operations which would include
   the prevention of and addressing technical or service issues. Accenture
   has limited access to Subscribers’ information, including Service Data.
   This limited access is with the dependent on permission granted by
   Subscribers to Accenture. Accenture may have access to the following
   identifying information about Subscribers and End-Users for the sole
   purpose of dealing with Subscribers’ support requests: first and last
   name, email address and phone number. In addition and with Subscriber
   permission, Accenture may be provided access to Service Data for the
   purpose of dealing with support requests.
   All Ireland

Zendesk Group Sub-processors

   The following entities are members of the Zendesk Group. Accordingly,
   they function as sub-processors to provide the Services.
   Entity Name                              Country
   Zendesk, Inc.                            United States
   Zendesk International Ltd                Ireland
   Zendesk Pty. Ltd                         Australia
   Zendesk UK Ltd                           United Kingdom
   Zendesk, Inc.                            Philippines
   Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.              Singapore
   Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo LTDA Brazil
   Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk                 Japan
   We Are Cloud SAS                         France

Content Delivery Networks

   As explained above, Zendesk’s Services may use content delivery
   networks (“CDNs”) to provide the Services, for security purposes, and
   to optimize content delivery. CDNs do not have access to Service Data
   but are commonly used systems of distributed services that deliver
   content based on the geographic location of the individual accessing
   the content and the origin of the content provider. Website content
   served to website visitors and domain name information may be stored
   with a CDN to expedite transmission, and information transmitted across
   a CDN may be accessed by that CDN to enable its functions. The
   following describes use of CDNs by Zendesk’s Services.
   CDN Provider Services Using CDN CDN Location Description of CDN
   Services
   Akamai All Zendesk Services Global Public website content served to
   website visitors may be stored with Akamai, and transmitted by Akamai
   to website visitors, to expedite transmission.
   Amazon Web Services, Inc. All Zendesk Services Global Public website
   content served to website visitors may be stored with Amazon Web
   Services, Inc., and transmitted by Amazon Web Services, Inc., to
   website visitors, to expedite transmission.
   Verizon Digital Media Services, Inc. All Zendesk Services Global Public
   website content served to website visitors may be stored with Verizon
   Digital Media Services, and transmitted by Verizon Digital Media
   Services to website visitors, to expedite transmission.


   0
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn

   Return to top
   Have more questions? Submit a request

0 Comments

   Article is closed for comments.

Related articles

Related articles

     * Regional Data Hosting Policy
     * Zendesk Data Deletion Policy
     * Privacy and Data Protection: How Zendesk Protects Personal Data
     * Complying with GDPR in Zendesk Support
     * Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery

   Zendesk 1019 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94103 Privacy Policy | Terms
   & Conditions | System Status

   Powered by Zendesk
   #alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KZZH27K

   Logo

   Community English (US)
   languages
   Deutsch Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português do Brasil
   Current: English (US)
   Sign in

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Cross Product
    3. Policies

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Cross Product
    3. Policies

Zendesk Data Deletion Policy

   Jason Robman
     * Edited October 02, 2019 00:00

   Follow

   Zendesk’s Data Deletion Policy (“Deletion Policy”) describes how our
   Subscribers’ Service Data is deleted in connection with the
   cancellation, termination or migration of an Account within the Zendesk
   Services detailed herein. This Policy does not apply to (a) data that
   resides in any Zendesk product or services not detailed in this Policy;
   (b) data that resides in Third Party Services managed and hosted by
   third parties and the Service Data that is or may be shared with such
   Third Party Services (as defined in our Master Services Agreement); or
   (c) data that resides in a Zendesk product or service that is in a
   Beta, Testing or Early Access Program (except as noted within this Data
   Deletion Policy). Definitions for the categories of Structured and
   Unstructured Service Data covered in this Deletion Policy can be found
   following the corresponding table below.

Account Cancellation or Termination

   Ninety (90) days after your Account for one of the Services listed
   below is cancelled or terminated; or, except as noted below, two
   hundred and seventy (270) days after your trial has ended for one of
   the Services (assuming that you have not purchased a subscription to
   that Service), an automated process will begin that permanently deletes
   your Service Data for the cancelled Service in accordance with the
   timelines set forth in the tables below. Except for Zendesk Talk trial
   accounts and Zendesk Connect, if you subscribe to more than one
   Service, then the automated deletion process will not begin until
   ninety (90) days after all Services to which you subscribe have been
   cancelled or terminated. Once commenced, this process cannot be
   reversed and Service Data will be permanently deleted. Except for
   Zendesk Talk trial accounts and Zendesk Connect, if a Service listed
   below requires a Zendesk Support Account or a Zendesk Chat Account, the
   deletion process outlined in this Deletion Policy shall not begin until
   the corresponding Zendesk Support Account or Zendesk Chat Account (as
   appropriate) is cancelled or terminated. Zendesk Talk trial accounts
   for which a Subscriber does not subscribe to Zendesk Talk following the
   trial and Zendesk Connect accounts that are terminated, will commence
   deletion ninety (90) days after suspension or termination of the
   account. This deletion will occur even if Subscriber has an active
   subscription to another Zendesk Service.

Migration

   In certain instances, including the enablement of a Deployed Associated
   Service (“Add-on”), such as the Advanced Security Add-on or the
   Regional Data Hosting Locality Add-on, the migration of Service Data to
   another data center may be required. In this process, a copy of your
   Service Data will be created for the purposes of assuring that it has
   been fully migrated to another data center. This assurance process
   conducted by Zendesk may take up to thirty (30) days from the date of
   the commencement of such migration. After the migration process has
   been completed and confirmed, the deletion of the copy of your Service
   Data in the former data center facility will commence under this policy
   in accordance with the timelines set forth in the tables below.
   Subscribers should expect that migrations will likely require a
   scheduled downtime.

Data Deletion Timeline for Structured Service Data

   Structured Service Data is data in your Account for a Service that is
   viewable within the Service such as Ticket Data, Chat Content, Call
   Recordings, Guide Content, and Agent and End-User information.

   The following table details the applicable Zendesk Service, the types
   of Structured Service Data in the Service, and the associated deletion
   details once the deletion process has commenced:

Zendesk Support

   Structured Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after deletion
   process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Ticket Data 40 days
   User Data 40 days
   Attachments 40 days
   SSL Certificates 40 days

Zendesk Guide

   Structured Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after deletion
   process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Guide Content 40 days
   Attachments and Images 40 days
   Spam Filter 40 days

Zendesk Gather

   Structured Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after deletion
   process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Gather Content 40 days
   Images 40 days
   Spam Filter 40 days

Zendesk Chat

   Structured Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after deletion
   process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Chat Content 120 days
   Tags 120 days
   Shortcuts 120 days
   Bans 120 days
   Analytics 120 days
   Message Conversations 120 days

Zendesk Talk

   Structured Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after deletion
   process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Call Recordings 40 days
   Transcriptions 40 days
   SMS Messages 40 days
   Call Data 40 days

Zendesk Explore

   Structured Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after deletion
   process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Explore Data 90 days
   Zendesk Connector Data 90 days

Zendesk Connect

   Structured Data Description

   Timeline for Deletion (after deletion process begins) for Cancellation,
   Termination or Migration

   Subscriber Data

   90 days

   End-User Data

   90 days

   Report and Upload Data

   90 days

   Web Push Messages

   90 days

Zendesk Sunshine

   Structured Data Description

   Timeline for Deletion (after deletion process begins) for Cancellation,
   Termination or Migration

   Sunshine Data

   90 days


Definitions

     * Ticket Data: includes ticket comments, tags, custom fields and
       audit events.
     * User Data: includes identities, hashed passwords and names for both
       Agents and End-Users.
     * Attachments: includes files attached to tickets or articles.
     * SSL Certificates: includes SSL certificates used when Subscriber
       securely accesses its custom branded Support domain.
     * Guide Content: includes data posted on a Subscriber’s Guide Account
       such as articles and any comments thereto.
     * Gather Content: includes data posted on a Subscriber's Gather
       Account such as posts and any comments thereto.
     * Images: includes image files attached to articles, posts, or
       comments in Guide and Gather.
     * Chat Content: includes content inserted into a Chat session by an
       End-User or Subscriber.
     * Tags: includes labels a Subscriber can add to Chat sessions to help
       categorize and sort Chat sessions.
     * Shortcuts: includes macro responses used in Chat.
     * Bans: includes End-User numerical id and IP address used by
       Subscriber to ban certain End-Users in Chat.
     * Analytics: includes contents of reporting dashboard for Subscriber
       to analyze Chat and Agent activities in Chat.
     * Message Conversations: includes content inserted into a Message
       thread by End-Users or Agents.
     * Call Recordings: includes live call recordings and voicemails.
     * Transcriptions: includes written transcriptions of call recordings
       and voicemails. Transcriptions are also stored in Zendesk Support
       tickets.
     * SMS Messages: includes content exchanged through Zendesk Text by
       Agents and End-Users. This data is also stored in Zendesk Support
       Tickets.
     * Call Data: includes metadata about the call such as time and
       duration.
     * Explore Data: includes data that is stored as part of the Zendesk
       Explore Service, such as accounts, users, and
       metric/query/dashboard metadata.
     * Zendesk Connector Data: includes data that is ingested into Explore
       from other Zendesk Services as part of the Zendesk integration
       (such as Support, Talk, Chat, Guide).
     * Subscriber Data: includes Subscriber, Agent and campaign
       information.
     * End-User Data: includes End-User contact information and usage
       data.
     * Report and Upload Data: includes CSV reports and End-User upload
       data.
     * Web Push Messages: includes web push message campaign content.
     * Sunshine Data: includes all data that Subscriber inputs into
       Zendesk Sunshine functionality (e.g. custom objects, Events API).

Data Deletion Timeline For Unstructured Service Data

   Unstructured Service Data is Service Data that cannot be viewed by
   Subscriber in the Service and includes Service Data that, for example,
   is maintained in backups, logs and search indices. Unstructured Service
   Data is deleted according to the deletion timelines described below.

   The following table details types of Unstructured Service Data in the
   Service and the associated timelines for deletion once the deletion
   process has started:

Zendesk Support, Zendesk Guide, and Zendesk Gather

   Unstructured Service Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after
   deletion process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Backups 130 days
   Logs 365 days
   Archived Emails 90 days
   Search Indices 70 days

Zendesk Chat

   Unstructured Service Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after
   deletion process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Backups 90 days
   Logs 180 days
   Emails 90 days
   Search Indices 90 days
   Message Logs 90 days

Zendesk Explore

   Unstructured Service Data Description Timeline for Deletion (after
   deletion process begins) for Cancellation, Termination or Migration
   Logs 90 days

Zendesk Connect

   Unstructured Service Data Description

   Timeline for Deletion (after deletion process begins) for Cancellation,
   Termination or Migration

   Logs

   90 days

Zendesk Sunshine

   Unstructured Service Data Description

   Timeline for Deletion (after deletion process begins) for Cancellation,
   Termination or Migration

   Backups

   130 days

   Logs

   365 days

Definitions

Zendesk Support

     * Backups: includes regular backups of any database data and logs.
     * Logs: includes logs generated by applications and infrastructure.
     * Archived Emails: includes raw copies of emails retained for
       troubleshooting purposes after transforming into ticket data.
     * Search Indices: includes indices created to optimize search
       performance.
     * Zendesk Chat
     * Backups: includes backup of MySQL data for certain Account data.
     * Logs: includes record of Account and Chat information saved for
       debugging purposes.
     * Emails: includes logs of the header responses and status of emails
       sent to Subscribers.
     * Search Indices: includes Chat data that is indexed in Elastic
       search for Subscriber search purposes.

Zendesk Explore

     * Logs: includes logs used for the debugging of issues within
       Explore.

Zendesk Connect

     * Logs: includes all logging records collected within Connect.

Zendesk Sunshine

     * Backups: includes regular backups of any database data and logs.
     * Logs: includes logs generated by applications and infrastructure.

Policy Limitations

   This Deletion Policy is applicable only to the specific Service Data
   described above. As described in greater detail in our Privacy
   Policy and Master Subscription Agreement, Zendesk collects certain
   information from Subscribers to the Services, such as: the names and
   email addresses of Agents; billing address; and other information which
   may be used for billing, business analytics, marketing, and
   notification purposes (collectively, “Customer Information”).

   The deletion procedures in this Deletion Policy do not apply to
   Customer Information, which is maintained by Zendesk in accordance with
   its Privacy Policy and Master Subscription Agreement. Similarly,
   Zendesk collects and retains Usage Data (as defined in our Master
   Subscription Agreement), other metadata and statistical information
   concerning the use of the Zendesk Services which are not subject to the
   deletion procedures in this Deletion Policy.

   Zendesk reserves the right not to adhere to this Policy when deleting
   Service Data in cases where Zendesk terminates an Account for violation
   of our Privacy Policy or Master Subscription Agreement.

Expedited Service Data Deletion

   We do not offer expedited deletion of Service Data. Except as otherwise
   noted, all Service Data is deleted according to the schedules presented
   above.

   8
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn

   Return to top
   Have more questions? Submit a request

0 Comments

   Article is closed for comments.

Related articles

Related articles

     * Regional Data Hosting Policy
     * Sub-processors
     * GDPR: Frequently-asked questions about Zendesk Support
     * Deleting tickets
     * Complying with GDPR in Zendesk Support

   Zendesk 1019 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94103 Privacy Policy | Terms
   & Conditions | System Status

   Powered by Zendesk
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KZZH27K

   Logo

   Community English (US)
   languages
   Deutsch Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português do Brasil
   Current: English (US)
   Sign in

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Support
    3. Using Support
    4. Reporting

    1. Zendesk help
    2. Support
    3. Using Support
    4. Reporting

Using CSAT (Professional and Enterprise)

   Anton de Young
     * Edited September 06, 2019 03:20

   Follow

   professional enterprise plans

   Your customers can provide feedback about their support experience by
   rating their solved tickets. When you enable CSAT (customer
   satisfaction ratings), end users receive an email 24 hours after the
   ticket has been set to solved that asks them to briefly evaluate their
   experience, as shown here:

   [csr_question.png]

   The survey is designed to maximize the response rate by being quick and
   simple while also gathering the essential data: a positive or negative
   rating. Customers can also provide a comment if they want. You can view
   your overall score and individual ratings in the Customer Satisfaction
   dashboard (see Viewing your Customer Satisfaction score and ratings).

   Customer satisfaction rating is available on Professional, and
   Enterprise. You must be an administrator to enable customer
   satisfaction ratings.
   What's Good - Customer Satisfaction Surveys in Zendesk Support (1:35)

   This article contains the following sections:
     * Understanding the end user experience
     * Understanding how the survey request is sent
     * Understanding how agents receive the satisfaction rating feedback
     * Enabling customer satisfaction rating
     * Using customer satisfaction rating placeholders
     * Reporting on customer satisfaction

   For tips, check out our community tips for customer satisfaction.

Understanding the end user experience

   End users do not have to be logged in to rate their tickets. Clicking a
   response link in the email opens a URL to the ticket and prompts the
   end user to rate the ticket and add a comment if they'd like. In this
   example, the end user clicked the 'Good, I'm satisfied' link so the
   Good button is shaded green to indicate that it is the selected rating.
   A comment can be added and the rating can be changed.

   [csr_updated.png]

   If you have satisfaction reasons enabled, end users who select 'Bad,
   I'm unsatisfied' are presented with a drop-down menu of possible
   reasons for their negative response.

   [csr_bad_with_reason.png]

   Selecting a response is optional, and can be skipped. For information
   on this feature, see Working with satisfaction reasons.

   In Help Center, the rating prompt appears on tickets for which the
   Ticket Satisfaction is set to Offered by an automation or trigger. For
   more information, see Understanding how the survey request is sent.

   End users can change their rating by clicking the emailed link again or
   by accessing the ticket through the My activities page in Help Center,
   then resubmitting their response. Ratings can be changed until the
   ticket is closed. See Tracking your support requests for information on
   viewing your tickets in Help Center.
   Tip: Dylan Dimico shares some tips and tricks on changing your bad
   satisfaction ratings to good. Check it out in Changing bad satisfaction
   ratings to good.
   The following rules apply to end users when using satisfaction rating:
     * End users cannot opt-out of receiving survey requests.
     * Satisfaction rating is per ticket, not per customer. End users
       receive a survey request for each of their tickets that are solved.
     * Once a ticket is set to "Closed" status, the temporary URL will no
       longer work. It will re-direct the user to a generic page.

   When and how end users are asked for a satisfaction rating through
   email is customizable. You can set a time other than the default 24
   hours later for to send the email. You can also add the survey request
   in the email that customers receive when a an agent marks a ticket as
   solved instead. You can also use business rules to be more selective
   about (include or exclude) which tickets generate the survey request.

Understanding how the survey request is sent

   When you enable customer satisfaction rating (see Enabling customer
   satisfaction rating), a system-generated automation called Request
   customer satisfaction rating is added to Zendesk Support. This
   automation sends the survey email to the ticket requester 24 hours
   after the ticket is solved. You can of course customize this.
   The email body in the automation uses a placeholder called
   {{satisfaction.rating_section}} to insert the survey question into the
   message, as shown here:
Hello {{ticket.requester.name}},

We'd love to hear what you think of our customer service. Please take a moment t
o answer one simple question below:

{{satisfaction.rating_section}}

Here's a reminder of what your ticket was about: {{ticket-of-leave_formatted}}

   When customers receive the email, they simply click either the Good or
   Bad links and follow the steps described above.

   For more details about the automation, see Customer satisfaction rating
   automation.
   Note: As noted above, the survey is sent when the ticket is set to
   Solved. It's possible to use a different status in the automation, such
   as Pending, but the ticket would have had to be set to Solved at least
   once before.

About the Request Customer Satisfaction Rating automation

   The customer satisfaction rating automation, Request customer
   satisfaction rating (System Automation), sends the survey request email
   24 hours after a ticket has been solved.

   [csr_automation_conditions.png]
   Note: Remember that the condition statement is Hours since solved is 24
   not Hours since solved greater than 24. This means that when you first
   enable customer satisfaction rating, none of the tickets that have been
   solved for more than 24 hours will generate a survey email. You can
   change this of course.
   Tip: You might consider changing the number of hours after solved that
   you send out surveys to get more responses. Check out this blog post
   about maximizing survey responses.
   You'll notice that there's a Ticket Satisfaction condition as well.
   This condition has the following values:
     * Unoffered means that the survey has not previously been sent
     * Offered means that the survey has already been sent
     * Bad is the requester's negative rating
     * Bad with comment is the requester's negative rating with their
       comment
     * Good is the requester's positive rating
     * Good with comment is the requester's positive rating with their
       comment

   The unoffered value is used here because we only want to send the
   survey for tickets that have not already been rated.

   The automation actions send the survey request email to the requester.

   [csr_automation_actions.png]

   The {{satisfaction.rating_section}} placeholder contains the rating
   question and answer links. You can modify the surrounding message as
   needed. And as always, a canceling action is used to complete the
   automation; ticket satisfaction is set to offered to requester.

   This automation can be modified to exclude tickets using many different
   criterion. For example, you might not want surveys sent for tickets
   assigned to a certain group or from a certain organization or for
   tickets containing certain tags.

Understanding how agents receive the customer satisfaction rating feedback

   The results of customer satisfaction surveys for agents are shown in
   the agent's dashboard and in a view called Rated tickets from the last
   7 days.

   Agents see, in their dashboard (when they click the Home icon (
   [home_icon.png] ) in the sidebar), the number of good and bad tickets
   for the last week and the overall satisfaction rating for the agent and
   all of the agents in Zendesk Support over the last 60 days (including
   the current day).

   [csr_agent_dashboard_new.png]

   The calculation of the overall satisfaction rating uses the following
   simple formula:

   [csr_score_calculation.png]

   This means that the score is an average of the total positive ratings
   from the past 60 days. An agent with a score of 90% means that over the
   past 60 days, 90% of the ratings they received were positive.

   Agents, groups, and the account all have scores. The overall account
   score (in the example above, 95%) is the average for all agents in
   Zendesk Support. The two ratings provide feedback about individual
   performance and the average performance of all agents.
   Note: An overall rating score will not be shown until 30 tickets are
   rated. This applies at the agent, group, and account levels. This means
   that an agent needs 30 ratings, a group (all agents within the group)
   needs 30 ratings, and the account (all the agents in your Zendesk
   account) needs 30 ratings.

   The view (Rated tickets from the last 7 days) gives you a quick
   overview of the rating activity, with a Satisfaction column containing
   both Good and Bad ratings. You can clone and modify this view or create
   your own. This view is inactivate by default.
   The following rules apply to agents when using customer satisfaction
   rating:
     * Agents (including Light Agents) cannot rate tickets.
     * All agents see their ratings in their dashboard. This feature is
       enabled at the account level and applies to all agents in your
       Zendesk account. You cannot exclude individual agents from
       receiving ratings on the tickets they are assigned to.

   Additionally, ratings cannot be moderated. All ratings are shown.

Enabling customer satisfaction ratings

   By default, customer satisfaction ratings is disabled. You must be an
   administrator to enable it. The procedure to enable ratings differs
   slightly if you are using Zendesk Explore.

   You can also enable satisfaction reasons, which allow you to add a
   follow-up question to negative survey responses. For information, see
   Working with satisfaction reasons.
   Tip: Check out Andrew's community tip for enhancing your CSAT survey
   with Mr. Happy and Mr. Sad faces.

If you are not using Zendesk Explore

    1. Click the Reporting icon ( [report_icon.png] ) in the sidebar, then
       click the Satisfaction tab.
    2. Click Start surveying today.
       [csr_start_surveying_button.png]
       Zendesk Support is now set up to send your end users the customer
       satisfaction rating email. Enabling this also creates a new
       automation called Request customer satisfaction rating (System
       Automation) and a view called Rated tickets from the last 7 days.
       Both can be modified as needed to suit your workflow.

   To re-enable or disable customer satisfaction ratings
    1. Click the Reporting icon ( [report_icon.png] ) in the sidebar, then
       click the Satisfaction tab.
    2. Click the menu icon, then select Enable surveys or Disable surveys.

   [csr_enable_disable.png]

If you are using Zendesk Explore

    1. In Support, Click the Admin icon ( [manage_icon.png] ) in the
       sidebar, then click Settings > Customers.
    2. On the Satisfaction tab of the End users (customers) page, click
       Allow customers to rate tickets.

   Zendesk Support is now set up to send your end users the customer
   satisfaction rating email. Enabling this also creates a new automation
   called Request customer satisfaction rating (System Automation) and a
   view called Rated tickets from the last 7 days. Both can be modified as
   needed to suit your workflow.

Using customer satisfaction rating placeholders

   Aside from the placeholder mentioned above,
   {{satisfaction.rating_section}}, the customer satisfaction rating
   feature adds four other related placeholders. All of these placeholders
   can be used in various ways and are described in the following table.
   Note: Placeholders are best used in triggers and automations. Inserting
   them into a macro or comment creates a plain text version of the CSAT
   request, which permits other users to submit a satisfaction score for
   the requester and requires end users to click the URL and sign into
   your Help Center to complete the survey.

   CAPTION: Table 1. Customer satisfaction rating placeholders

   Placeholder Description
   {{satisfaction.rating_section}} A formatted block of text prompting the
   user to rate satisfaction.

   [csr_question.png]
   {{satisfaction.current_rating}} The text value of the current
   satisfaction rating, either Good or Bad.
   {{satisfaction.positive_rating_url}} A URL to rate the support
   positively.
   {{satisfaction.negative_rating_url}} A URL to rate the support
   negatively.
   {{satisfaction.rating_url}} A URL to rate the support (positive or
   negative are not pre-selected).
   {{satisfaction.current_comment}} The comment that the user added when
   rating the ticket.

Reporting on customer satisfaction

   The way you view customer satisfaction reports depends on the reporting
   product you are using.
     * If you are not using Insights or Explore, view your score and
       ratings in the Satisfaction dashboard. For more information, see
       Viewing your Customer Satisfaction score and ratings.
     * If you use Support Professional or Enterprise, you can use the
       Insights dashboard to view pre-built satisfaction reports (see
       Using pre-built reports) or you can built your own custom reports.
     * If you are using Zendesk Explore Lite or Professional, view CSAT
       reports on the Satisfaction tab of the Zendesk Support dashboard
       (see Overview of the Zendesk Support dashboard). If you are using
       Explore Professional, you can also build your own custom reports.

   Tip: Avi Warner shares fives tips for improving your CSAT ratings.
   Check it out in Community Tips.

   108 101
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn

   Return to top
   Have more questions? Submit a request

101 Comments

   Sort by Date Votes
     *
   Andrew Evans
          + February 26, 2016 15:15
       Comment actions Permalink
       I'm getting a lot of survey responses about our product versus how
       the support agent actually handled the interaction. Is there a good
       way to split that feedback out? Like a first box that says
       something like "How would you rate the PeopleMatter product that
       you called about today?" and THEN the "How would you rate the
       person that helped you in Support?"

       Andrew
   19
     *
   Wilfred Hoogendoorn
          + July 13, 2016 12:10
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi guys,
       Maybe the answer is given already, but i have a lot of costumers
       who say that the link doesn't work. We are currently working with
       the URL shortcode. {{satisfaction.rating_url}}
       A great amount of users reports that the satisfaction link doesn't
       work. Is there any other way to get feedback with comments within
       the e-mail template?
   0
     *
   Jessie Schutz
          + July 14, 2016 21:36
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hey Wilfred!
       The first thing that springs to mind here is that you probably have
       a trigger set up to close the ticket at the same time that the
       survey is sent out. Once the ticket is closed, a satisfaction
       rating can't be registered so the link won't work.
       Can you confirm whether this is the case in your setup?
   0
     *
   Bill Cicchetti
          + August 25, 2016 19:00
       Comment actions Permalink
       Is there any way to embed the fields that are in the pop-up webpage
       when you click on the "Good Im satisfied" and "Bad..." in the email
       so the user doesnt have to deal with another webpage.

       I know from personal experience when I get links like those that
       are being sent in the surveys,click on an option , and get
       presented with another webpage I feel like Ive been tricked into
       providing a simple "yes" "no" to additional info. Even if I don't
       want to add anything I still have to close out the webpage.  I then
       avoid that email from that ;point on.

       Id rather have the user the option to add the comments and reason
       for bad experience in the email if possible
   3
     *
   Madison Davis
          + August 30, 2016 14:36
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Bill! Unfortunately the {{satisfaction.rating_section}} is a
       placeholder that by default opens a new window (as are the
       {{satisfaction.positive_rating_url}} and
       {{satisfaction.negative_rating_url}}). I definitely think that's
       valid feedback, though, and would recommend you post your use case
       in our product feedback forum! With the recent release of
       satisfaction reasons, it's easy to see how feedback about this
       particular feature has influenced development, so voicing your
       personal experience is highly recommended.
   0
     *
   Angus Chan
          + October 18, 2016 10:33
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Zendesk team,
       We are not setting up the satisfaction scroll and we found that the
       page opened by temporary link does not have the same look-and-feel
       of our current HelpCenter. Is there any way to change how the page
       looks like?
   1
     *
   Rebecca
          + October 29, 2016 14:23
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Angus!
       I wish i had better news, however the Satisfaction Rating landing
       page end users are directed to when selecting the rating link is
       separate from Help Center and therefore not editable or impacted by
       your Help Center's theme and appearance.
       Our Product team however is in the process of improving the look
       and responsive of the satisfaction rating page and there should
       hopefully be noticeable improvements soon!
   1
     *
   Angus Chan
          + October 31, 2016 03:52
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Rebecca,
       Thanks for getting back and I hope the function will be available
       soon. I found the satisfaction rating page of support.zendesk.com
       does look similar to that of your own HC so I believe you are
       already working on this :)
   0
     *
   Lorin Rivers
          + November 07, 2016 19:52
       Comment actions Permalink
       As an agent, I would love to be notified when a customer submits a
       satisfaction rating.
       As an admin, I’d love to be able to remove a bogus satisfaction
       rating—for example, when a customer of our customers doesn’t like
       the support they got from our customer, nothing I can do to make it
       better.
   3
     *
   Paul
          + January 17, 2017 14:11
       Comment actions Permalink
       The satisfaction reports are now limited to 90 days. Is there
       another option possible so i can get the reports from last year
       (instead of doing it in steps/filter to max 90 days)?
   0
     *
   Wouter van Gessel
          + January 24, 2017 09:51
       Comment actions Permalink
       @Zendesk:
          + We are wondering why the email widget for the ratings don't
            include images?
          + In the community tip from Andrew Mills, there is a way to
            implement this. But we're afraid that it won't work with
            text-only clients, or SPAM filters?
          + What is the reason that you don't have images in the rating
            request by default? Expedia.com and booking.com do use this in
            their review email requests to guests for example, so it
            should be possible?


       [hgQwjHLsqZ92m79GXu3L9Q.png]
   0
     *
   Ryan
          + January 29, 2017 22:41
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Wouter!
       Your second point is one of the main reasons why we stick to text
       only -- to maximize compatibility with email clients and to avoid
       any sort of formatting errors for our 91,000+ clients.
       The article you found is exactly where I would point you to for
       customization of those links -- It's been widely used and effective
       for many that have used that tip (though be aware, any user
       submitted tips aren't supported by us (or is support for any
       customizations), so use at your own discretion).
       Adding these images would be no worse than standard signature
       images -- but as you've indicated, may be something that MIGHT get
       filtered.
       If you're concerned about deliverability in general, I would point
       you to increasing the trustability of your emails in general (SPF
       and DKIM records would be the way) Here are two articles for that
       directly:
          + DKIM Record
          + SPF Record

       so quick recap: We use plaintext to avoid formatting issues, but
       adding your own images shouldn't affect the email too much,
       anything non-plaintext may run into that (there is no 100%
       safeguard).
       Hope that helps! If you'd like expansion on this, feel free to
       reach out to us directly!

   0
     *
   Wouter van Gessel
          + January 30, 2017 15:57
       Comment actions Permalink
       Thanks for the clear reply!
   0
     *
   Raulshipu
          + February 23, 2017 00:21
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi All

       I have a very important query :-
       I understand how surveys work and triggers etc. What I am looking
       for is :-
       Is there anyway we can track the average satisfaction rate for one
       particular customer instead of the whole queue. And can that be
       displayed at the account level.
       For example I have 500 customers but I want to see their individual
       Satisfaction Survey Percentage on the main account page where all
       tickets are visible.

       Thanks
       Rahul
   0
     *
   Rebecca
          + March 07, 2017 14:33
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Raulshipu!
       While it is possible to get the satisfaction rating for an
       individual customer, it is not possible with default functionality
       to display it within the Support ticket interface. The closest
       option would be creating a dashboard and viewing in the Insights
       tab of the Reporting menus.
       To create a satisfaction report of an individual your report could
       look something like this:
       What:
       [?name=inline-2053832556.png]
       How:
       [?name=inline706326252.png]
       Here's our resource on Agent and end-user attributes.
   0
     *
   LW
          + March 08, 2017 20:08
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi - is there any way to send out the surveys at a random interval,
       rather than for every solved ticket? I would like to gather
       feedback without inundating end-users with a survey each time. Say
       for example, send the survey after every 10 tickets or choose a few
       random tickets a month to send the survey for.
   0
     *
   Monica Aten
          + March 12, 2017 22:39
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi LW,
       I asked the same question and was told that there is no built in
       mechanism at this time to do so.
       Support found the following related discussions about the
       functionality you and I are looking for:
       https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/posts/203430346-Rand
       om-Satisfaction-Surveys
       I highly encourage you to vote for that request and then share your
       use case in the discussion.
   0
     *
   Monique Foy
          + April 28, 2017 13:24
       Comment actions Permalink
       Can you create the CSAT to go out based on brand?
   0
     *
   Graeme Carmichael
          + April 28, 2017 14:04
       Comment actions Permalink
       Monique
       You can restrict your satisfaction ratings by modifying you trigger
       or automations to include the condition:
          + Brand is....XXXX
       So the survey will only be sent out for the matching brand.
   0
     *
   Dale Adeva
          + May 21, 2017 15:43
       Comment actions Permalink
       how do i prevent tickets from getting re-opened after Customer
       responds to the Survey?
       Currently all BAD and BAD with Comment Surveys are getting
       re-opened (since they came from SOLVED status) and when customer
       responds to the Survey. The ZD tickets gets re-opened on our End.
       Help! :D

   0
     *
   Jessie Schutz
          + May 25, 2017 18:30
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Dale!
       You should be able to adjust your triggers to make sure that these
       tickets aren't re-opened.
   0
     *
   Sergei Kuznetsov
          + May 30, 2017 13:49
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi there. I was wondering if it is possible to include
       the  {{satisfaction.rating_section}} placeholder into a signature
       macros so that it can be directly entered into a response?
       So far it seems that when this placeholder is entered into a macros
       it prompts the user to copy and past a link instead of the normal
       appearance.
       In other words it looks like:

       How would you rate the support you received?
       You can copy the following URL into your browser to rate:
       (link)

       Instead of

How would you rate the support you received?
       Good link
       Bad link.

       Any ideas?
   0
     *
   Michelle Radeke
          + June 01, 2017 22:27
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi all.
       I was able to customize the links in the survey email to use
       different wording than the Good. I'm satisfied, Bad, I'm not
       satisfied default. However, the links the user is taken too still
       have the default text. Is there any way to customize the Good. I'm
       satisfied, Bad, I'm not satisfied buttons the user sees after
       clicking the survey link?
   0
     *
   Jessie Schutz
          + June 05, 2017 20:48
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Sergei!
       It's not possible to add those placeholders to a ticket macro -
       they only work when added as part of the email notifications that
       are sent out to your customers via trigger or automation.
       Can you go into more detail about why you want to add that
       information to an agent signature? We might be able to find another
       solution.
   0
     *
   Amie Brennan
          + June 07, 2017 04:37
       Comment actions Permalink
       Hi Michelle,
       At present there is no way to customize the satisfaction surveys or
       their corresponding URL's like you are trying to achieve here. This
       feature is not designed to be customized in this way at this point
       in time. We recommend you submit a feature request for this here in
       our product feedback community. :)
   0
     *
   Anatoliy Dobrynskyy
          + June 07, 2017 14:34
       Comment actions Permalink
       Can I put satisfaction links into the signature? So you don't have
       to send out another email to the customer?
   0
     *
   Satyam Kumar Upadhyay
          + June 12, 2017 15:37
       Comment actions Permalink
       I am on the professional edition and I am able to send different
       CSAT surveys for the diffrent organisation but in every case,
       temporary URL mentions the name of the registered parent
       organisation.
       Is there any way it can be masked or changed?
   0
     *
   Jessie Schutz
          + June 12, 2017 19:44
       Comment actions Permalink
       Welcome to the Community, Anatolly!
       I did some testing on my end to confirm, and I was able to find out
       that the CSAT placeholders will not show up in agent signatures. I
       also double checked, and the CSAT placeholders don't render
       properly in macros either. So I'm afraid that the separate email is
       the only option. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news!
   0
     *
   Zach
          + June 12, 2017 20:04
       Comment actions Permalink
       Anatolly

       You can make a Trigger that is only for tickets in which the status
       has changed to Solved. So all your other communications on the
       request can be handled with a different Trigger, without offering
       satisfaction.
       I like this better than sending a separate email with the rating
       option
       [uwmuSig_olytOcXP3hIJ5g.png]
   0
     *
   Jessica
          + June 13, 2017 20:23
       Comment actions Permalink
       Is it possible to turn off the satisfaction survey to specific
       customers/users?
   0

     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * ›
     * »

   Please sign in to leave a comment.

Related articles

Related articles

     * Customizing your customer satisfaction survey
     * Viewing customer satisfaction score and ratings (Professional and
       Enterprise)
     * Understanding your reporting options
     * Analyzing call activity with the Talk dashboard
     * Removal of Zendesk Apps framework v1

   Zendesk 1019 Market St., San Francisco, CA 94103 Privacy Policy | Terms
   & Conditions | System Status

   Powered by Zendesk
