   #Jane Austen's World » Feed Jane Austen's World » Comments Feed Jane
   Austen's World WordPress.com

     * Home
     * AV/E-Texts
     * History
     * Icons/Fansites
     * Links
     * Novels
     * Original Sources and 19th C. Texts
     * Podcasts
     * Social Customs During
     * Teacher/Student
     * Writer and Literature Resources

Jane Austen's World

This Jane Austen blog brings Jane Austen, her novels, and the Regency Period
alive through food, dress, social customs, and other 19th C. historical
details related to this topic.

   Feeds:
          Posts
          Comments

Pride and Prejudice: The Opera

   September 23, 2019 by Vic

   Austen Opera 001 Pride and Prejudice, an opera written by Kirke Mechem,
   will make its debut November 20th-23^rd at the Miriam A. Friedberg
   Concert Hall, located at historic Mt. Vernon Place in Baltimore. This
   event is part of the Peabody Opera Theatre, Johns Hopkins University.

   I had the privilege of attending a preview at Goucher College last
   Wednesday. Managing artistic director, Samuel Mungo, explained the
   origin of the opera (“Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice practically
   begs to be set to music!”). In the early 20^th century, atonal music
   was all the rage and did not lend itself well to a novel set in the
   Regency era. Mr. Mechem writes tonal music, which is perfectly suited
   to Jane Austen’s most famous work.

   In his extensive and successful career, Mr. Mechem has written over 250
   works, many of which are produced the world over. His three-act opera,
   Tanuffe, has been performed over 400 times. Songs of the Slave from the
   opera John Brown had its 100^th performance in Boston in 2018. The
   premiere of Pride and Prejudice the Opera will be held in Baltimore
   this fall.

   During the Goucher College preview, the audience heard 3 songs from the
   opera. In order, they were:
    1. Claire Cooper and Kyle Dunn as Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Wickham
       Claire Cooper & Kyle Dunn. Photo: V. Sanborn
       Wickham’s and Elizabeth Bennet’s first meeting, in which they
       discuss Mr. Darcy. Wickham’s opinions confirmed Lizzie’s first
       impression of Darcy. Singers: Claire Cooper and Kyle Dunn

   Noted Austen scholar, Juliette Wells, who teaches at Goucher, observed
   that Mr. Dunn, who sang Mr. Wickham’s role, was wickedly handsome!


    2. Claire Cooper and Joshua Scheid as Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy
       Claire Cooper & Joshua Scheid. Photo: V. Sanborn
       Darcy expresses his feeling for Elizabeth (much against his good
       judgment). The scene is dramatic. Bingley has left Jane, due to Mr.
       Darcy’s influence, and Mr. Darcy explains his actions while
       declaring his love.

   Joshua Scheid, who sang Mr. Darcy’s role, has a strong, assertive voice
   – one that suits Austen’s hero. Both he and Kyle Dunn (Wickham) sing
   baritone, so that the men are dramatically matched during their scenes.
    3. 20190918_170600
       Joann Kulesza. Photo: V. Sanborn
       Lizzie reads the letter from Darcy, which explains Wickham’s
       behavior towards Georgiana and Darcy’s role in saving his sister
       from Wickham’s machinations.

   Joann Kulesza, Music Director of Peabody Opera (right), explained this
   scene beautifully. Darcy slowly and methodically enunciates his words
   in the letter as Elizabeth reads it. Her reactions to his explanations
   are quick, dramatic, and emotional. This scene is quite effective and a
   delight for Austen fans, who can probably recite the words of the
   letter to a tee.

   After the songs, Dr. Mungo and the singers answered questions from the
   audience. The opera is a little over 2 hours long, which necessitated
   drastic cuts to the plot. The Bennets have only three daughters (Mary
   and Kitty are cut out, as is Jane Bennet’s illness), and the focus is
   on Darcy’s and Lizzie’s story. While Mr. Bennet is featured, Mrs.
   Bennet appears more often and has one of the major roles.

   The three singers who performed are young, and it was amusing and
   informative to hear their interpretations of their characters. One had
   not read P&P before, and two had not read the novel since high school
   (which was not too long ago). Their characters’ voices are telling.
   Lizzie is a mezzo-soprano, for she is too sensible to be a soprano.
   Jane is a soprano and Mr. Bingley a tenor. Their tender hearts are
   reflected in their voices. Both Darcy and Wickham are baritones, which
   should create interesting vocal confrontations.

   Interestingly, Mr. Collins has a bass-baritone, a voice with a low
   register. If you read Austen’s description of Mr. Collins, he is a
   “tall, heavy-looking young man of five-and-twenty.” I rather like the
   choice that Kirke Mechem made for Mr. Collins, as well as for the
   shrill Mrs. Bennet, who is a high soprano. Lady Catherine de Bourgh is
   a contralto, the lowest female singing voice. I can’t wait to hear the
   scenes between Lizzie’s mezzo and Lady Catherine’s imperious contralto
   demands.

   The stage sets are still in the design phase, although almost
   completed. The main part of the stage will be a gazebo with four wings
   that open or close to represent Netherfield or Longbourn. The set
   designers are still figuring out how Rosings will look. A garden is
   also included.

   Sketches of the movable wings

   Tickets, which are free, will be available October
   1: https://peabody.jhu.edu/event/kirke-mechem-pride-and-prejudice/

   Kirke Mechem http://www.musicsalesclassical.com/composer/work/43050

   Short biography of Kirke Mechem:
   http://www.musicsalesclassical.com/composer/short-bio/Kirke-Mechem

   Peabody Opera Theater Presents Pride and Prejudice: About Samuel Mungo,
   DMA:
   https://www.goucher.edu/learn/graduate-programs/sage/programs/pride-and
   -prejudice

   Images published with permission from Samuel Mungo


Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Posted in jane austen, Jane Austen's World, Pride and Prejudice |
   Tagged Kirke Mechem, Peabody Opera, Pride and Prejudice Opera, Samuel
   Mungo | 5 Comments »

Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the Georgian Era

   August 22, 2019 by Vic

   In the past, this blog published several articles on hairstyles for men
   and women in the Regency era. This post discusses hairstyles in
   Georgian times. During a recent visit to the Walters Art Museum in
   Baltimore, I had the pleasure of examining a small, but excellent
   collection of Greco Roman statues and ancient artifacts. Strolling
   through several galleries, I took photographs of the hairstyles of the
   female figures.  The Walters Art Museum’s antiquities collection ranks
   among the top tier in North America (JSTOR). The images below are
   confined to the photographs I shot at the museum and the public domain
   portraits I found to compare them to.

A Change Towards the Neoclassical Ideal

   From the late 16^th century to the mid-19^th century (until train
   travel changed the nature of long-distance travel), young male British
   aristocrats embarked on a Grand Tour to the Continent for several
   months or years to round out their education. Accompanied by a teacher
   or guardian, they completed their knowledge of the classics, studied
   art, and enjoyed a life of leisure, luxury, and exotic (at times
   erotic) adventures.

   The itinerary included stays in France (Paris being a much sought after
   destination), The Netherlands, Switzerland, Germany, and, of course,
   Italy.  Rome remained the premier stop, but trips to Venice, Florence,
   Pompeii, and Greece were also prized. Travelers returned home with
   souvenirs, works of art to decorate their houses and gardens, and a
   thorough appreciation of the Neoclassical ideals of ancient Rome,
   Greece, and the near East, as well as the Renaissance principles of art
   and architecture.

Influence of Neoclassicism on Women’s Hairstyles and Fashion

   Transformation in women’s clothing and hair styles developed slowly
   during this period, but changed quickly between 1778 and 1793,
   influenced not only by the Grand Tours, but also in reaction to the
   French Revolution (1789-1799).  Even before the war, Marie Antoinette
   sought refuge from the extravagant dress at Versailles in her Hameau de
   la Reine, which was built for her on estate grounds.  Here she could
   enjoy a more natural environment than court life offered and dress
   “down” from elaborate corseted dresses and the over-the-top hair styles
   that were caricatured.
   Marie Antoinette in a chemise gown. 1783. Elisabeth Louise Vigée Le
   Brun. Wikimedia Commons

   Marie Antoinette, by Elisabeth Louise Vigée Le Brun, 1783. She is
   wearing a relatively loose and simple gaulle gown or chemise a la
   reine, made of muslin. Wikimedia image.

   Marie Antoinette, along with the ladies of her court, walked and
   relaxed in light-loosed dressed in the gardens, grounds, and working
   farm that surrounded the hamlet. To complement a more “natural” look
   and in keeping with the casual atmosphere, she and her female entourage
   wore straw bonnets and loosely curled hairstyles, which, for its time,
   were “simple.”

   The print below shows the old school reaction to the new styles. The
   Merveilleuses were instrumental in transforming fashion to the
   Neoclassical style during the the French Directorate (1795-1799) in the
   last four tumultuous years of the French Revolution.
   From Vernet's

   From Vernet’s “Incroyables et Merveilleuses” series, 1793. Public
   Domain image.

Comparisons of images of Greco Roman statues to contemporary Georgian
paintings

   As previously stated, this post contains the original images I took in
   the Walters Art Museum. The quoted text about the ancient statues is
   rewritten from the museum informational labels for each sculpture or
   relief.
   Portrait of Luise von Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Josef Grassi 1802
   Luise von Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Josef Grassi 1802. Charlottenbug
   Palace. Public Domain.
   Relief of Apollo and Artemis, ca 50 B.C.
   Relief of Apollo and Artemis, ca 50 B.C. Walters Museum of Art. Image
   taken by V. Sanborn.

   Right: Relief of Apollo and Artemis, ca 50 B.C. Walters Art Museum.
   Image by V. Sanborn. Left: Portrait of Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz,
   Queen of Prussia, 1802. Josef Grassi. Wikimedia Commons. Comment: The
   Queen of Prussia wears a diadem much like Artemis in the 50 B.C. relief
   panel. Differences in hairstyles are due to adaptations made by the
   Europeans, who were influenced by the ancients, but who did not
   slavishly copy the hairstyles and hair jewelry. Their adaptations
   were unique to their era.
   Detail, Maidens Playing "Knucklebones". Greek, late 4th or early 3rd
   century B.C., Walters Art Museum
   Detail, Maidens Playing “Knucklebones”. Greek, late 4th or early 3rd
   century B.C., Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Portrait of Harriet Melon by John Russel, 1804
   Harriet Melon by John Russel, 1804. Image from The Peerage.
   http://thepeerage.com/e8064.htm

   Left: Detail, Maidens Playing “Knucklebones”. Greek, late 4th or early
   3rd century B.C., Terracotta. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Right: Harriet Melon by John Russel, 1804. Image from The Peerage.
   Comment: One can see almost a direct correlation between these two
   hairstyles, centuries apart. The primary difference is in the soft
   curls framing the face and forehead in Harriet’s undo  In 1804, soft
   white muslin dresses, draped gently from a high waist, were all the
   style. Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet wore hairstyles in 1995’s Sense
   and Sensibility that were remarkably similar to the terracotta
   maiden’s, with touches of the ringlets popular in the early 19th
   century.
   Detail of leghorn bonnet, Mccord Museum, about 1810
   Detail of leghorn bonnet, Mccord Museum, about 1810. Creative commons
   image.
   Portrait of a Woman. Roman, Trajanic period, ca A.D. 10. Walters Art
   Museum
   Portrait of a Woman. Roman, Trajanic period, ca A.D. 10. Walters Art
   Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.

   Left: Bonnet, About 1810, 19th century, Gift of Mrs. C. Walsh © McCord
   Museum View the leghorn bonnet at this link. Right: Portrait of a
   Woman. Roman, Trajanic period, ca A.D. 10. Walters Art Museum. Image by
   V. Sanborn. Comment: I found no online examples that emulated this
   elaborate Roman hairstyle, but I loved how the leghorn bonnet echoes
   it. By 10 A,D., Roman women wore complicated hairstyles requiring daily
   maintenance by attendants. Wigs, hairpieces made from the hair of
   slaves, and padding kept in place with hair nets, pins, or combs, were
   used to create a sculptural “do.” (Hairstyles through the ages.)

   Portrait of Livia, Roman, Late Republican period, mid-late 30s B.C.
   Portrait of Livia, Roman, Late Republican period, mid-late 30s B.C.
   Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn
   Portrait of Louise, Queen of Prussia by Vigee Lebrun_ ,1801
   Louise, Queen of Prussia by Vigee Lebrun_ ,1801, Schloss
   Charlottenburg)

   Left: “This portrait of Livia was created not long after her marriage
   to Emperor Augustus…She…set a new fashion with her innovative nodus
   hairstyle, in which a section of hair is arranged in a roll over the
   forehead, while the rest of the hair is swept back in loose waves and
   secured in a bun at the nape of the neck.” (Text from the Walters Art
   Museum). Livia, Late Republican period, mid-late 30s B.C. Image by V.
   Sanborn. Right:  Louise, Queen of Prussia by Elizabeth Vigee Lebrun,
   1801, Schloss Charlottenburg. Public domain image Comment: Louise wears
   an adaptation of the nodus hairstyle. Hers is looser with curls framing
   her forehead and face. Her low bun is larger, looser, and curlier.

   Portrait of a Young Woman, Roman, ca. 50 B.C.
   Portrait of a Young Woman. Roman (Egypt?), late Republican period, ca.
   50 B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Portrait of a Young Woman. Roman (Egypt?), late Republican period, ca.
   50 B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Portrait of a Young Woman. Roman (Egypt?), late Republican period, ca.
   50 B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.

   An Embarrassing Proposal, Antoine Watteau , 1715-16,
   An Embarrassing Proposal, Antoine Watteau , 1715-16,
   English School Bonhams

   Top left and right: Portrait of a Young Woman. Roman (Egypt?), late
   Republican period, ca. 50 B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   “The realism of the young woman’s fleshy features and the detailed
   treatment of her elaborate hairstyle are typical of the late Republican
   period.” (Text from Walters Art Museum.) Bottom left: Detail of An
   Embarrassing Proposal, 1715-1716, Jean Antoine Watteu, Hermitage
   Museum. Bottom right: English School, A Lady, profile facing to the
   left, wearing pale lilac dress with white sleeves and coral
   necklace (early 19th Century), watercolour on card, , set in a red
   leather travelling case. Oval, 78mm (3in) high.Bonham’s. Comment: The
   lovely bust of the young Roman woman demonstrates a hairstyle that
   spans a hundred years between the early 18th and early 19th centuries.
   The Roman hairstyle reminded me of several Watteau paintings from the
   early 18th century. The lady at bottom right also wears a version
   similar to the Roman example, but is more complicated. In the Watteau
   painting, the ladies demonstrate three versions of a similar underlying
   style. In this instance, Greco Roman influence definitely made its
   appearance at the start of the Georgian era in England
   (1714-1830). French influence on English fashion is well known.

   Costume Parisiens 1815
   Standing Maiden. Greek (Tarentum, Italy) 3rd century B.C.. Terracotta
   with traces of paint and gilding.
   Standing Maiden. Greek (Tarentum, Italy) 3rd century B.C.. Terracotta
   with traces of paint and gilding. Walters Art Museum. Image by V.
   Sanborn

   Detail of an 1812 print

   Top right: Standing Maiden. Greek (Tarentum, Italy) 3rd century B.C..
   Terracotta with traces of paint and gilding. “…the draping of the
   fabric on top of the maiden’s high, ‘melon” hairstyle are typically
   South Italian.” (Quoted text from the Walters Art Museum.) Image by V.
   Sanborn. Top left: Fashion plate, Costume Parisiens, 1815. Bottom:
   Detail of an 1812 print. Comment: From the original model of a high
   melon hairstyle, one can see the inspiration for the hairstyles
   featured in the two prints. These early 19th century hairstyle
   adaptations don’t strictly follow the original example, but pay homage
   to it. In the fashion plate, one can observe the French empire custom
   of inserting flowers, ribbons, and hair jewelry. The two ladies busying
   themselves with needle work affect simpler hairstyles that echo the
   high “melon” look but that leave the bun loose and curling down the
   back of the head.

   Portrait of a young girl, Louis-Léopold Boilly. Date unknown.
   Portrait of a young girl, Louis-Léopold Boilly. Date unknown.
   Miniature of Portrait of young woman, bust, wearing a gray-brown dress.
   Reunion des Musees Nationaux-Grand Palais, Adele Laplatte,1809
   Portrait of young woman, bust, wearing a gray-brown dress, Adèle
   Laplatte (late 18th century-early 19th century) Paris, Louvre Museum,
   DAG

   Head of a Maiden With Lampadion Hairstyle. Greek, 3rd-2nd century.
   Marble B.C. Statue
   Head of a Maiden With Lampadion Hairstyle. Greek, 3rd-2nd century B.C.
   Dicaearchus (active about 320 -300 B.C.) a pupil of Aristotle’s,
   remarked that women described this hairstyle with topknot as the
   lampadion, or “little torch.” Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V.
   Sanborn.

   Right: Head of a Maiden With Lampadion Hairstyle. Greek, 3rd-2nd
   century B.C. “Dicaearchus (active about 320 -300 B.C.) a pupil of
   Aristotle’s, remarked that women described this hairstyle with topknot
   as the lampadion, or “little torch.” (Quoted text from the Walters Art
   Museum.) Image taken by V. Sanborn. Left: Portrait of a young girl,
   Louis-Léopold Boilly. Date unknown. Middle: Portrait of young woman,
   bust, wearing a gray-brown dress Laplatte Adèle (late 18th
   century-early 19th century) Paris, Louvre Museum, DAG. Comment: The
   Lampadian hairstyles as worn by the ladies in the two paintings,
   closely resemble the Greek example. Women still wear  this today,
   including me when I’m dressed casually.

   Portrait of Mrs Moffet, 1826, Sir Martin Archer Shee,
   Portrait of Mrs Moffet, 1826, Sir Martin Archer Shee, Walters Art
   Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Terracotta Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek (South Italy), 3rd
   century B.C.
   Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek (South Italy), 3rd century B.C.
   Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V. Sanborn

   Terracotta Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek (South Italy), 3rd
   century B.C.
   Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek (South Italy), 3rd century B.C.
   Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V. Sanborn

   Princess_Louise_Radziwill_Hohenzollern,1802
   Miniature of Mrs Russell, John Smart. 1781

   Detail of Mrs John Gibson. Portrait by Jacob Eichholz, ca 1820

   Top right and middle: Terracotta Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek
   (South Italy), 3rd century B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V.
   Sanborn  Top left: Portrait of Mrs Moffet, 1826, Sir Martin Archer
   Shee, Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn. Lower left: Princess
   Louise of Prussia (Princess Antoni Henryk Radziwill),
   1802. Metropolitan Museum of Art, Public domain image. Lower middle:
   Miniature of Mrs Russell by John Smart. 1781. Christie’s. Lower right:
   Detail of Mrs John Gibson. Portrait by Jacob Eichholz, ca 1820.
   Sotheby’s. Comment: This hairstyle is personally one of my favorites. I
   used to wear a version of it when I had long straight hair. I’d pull a
   ponytail to the side and let my hair fall over my shoulder. Mrs. Moffet
   has the closest proximation to the terracotta head, but the other
   variations are equally lovely and span decades if not centuries.

   Head of a Satyr, 2nd century A.D. Roman copy after a Hellenistic Greek
   original.
   Head of a Satyr, 2nd century A.D. Roman copy after a Hellenistic Greek
   original. Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V. Sanborn
   Mrs. Fox,ca. 1805. By Benjamin Trott, American
   Mrs. Fox,ca. 1805. Benjamin Trott, American. Metropolitan Museum of
   Art. Public Domain image.

   Portrait of Lady Caroline Lamb, circa 1805, Sir Thomas Lawrence

   Top left: Head of a Satyr, 2nd century A.D. Roman copy after a
   Hellenistic Greek original. Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V.
   Sanborn. Top right: Mrs. Fox,ca. 1805. Benjamin Trott, American.
   Metropolitan Museum of Art. Public Domain image. Below:  Portrait of
   Lady Caroline Lamb, ca. 1805, Sir Thomas Lawrence. Wikimedia
   Commons. Comment: Lady Caroline Lamb, Lord Byron’s mistress, was known
   for her eccentric often manic ways and short curly hair. Mrs. Fox
   sports a “do” similar to the Satyr’s. Children, both boys and girls,
   sported this attractive style during the latter part of the 18th C. and
   early years of the 19th century.

   Silhouette of Jane Austen
   Silhouette of Cassandra Austen as a young woman. (1773-1845), sister of
   Jane Austen

   Silhouettes of Jane Austen (left) and her sister, Cassandra (right), as
   young women. Wikipedia. Below sits my Pinterest board entitled Regency
   hairstyles. You might have fun finding images that resemble the
   hairstyles by the Greco Roman statues or by the two Austen women!

    Sources:

   Sorabella, Jean. “The Grand Tour.” In Heilbrunn Timeline of Art
   History. New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2000-,
   http://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/grtr/hd_grtr.htm (October 2003)

   Cadeau, Carmen. “Women’s Fashion During and After the French Revolution
   (1790 to 1810),” All About Canadian History…Except not really. More
   like bits an pieces. Retrieved  8/14/2019:
   https://cdnhistorybits.wordpress.com/2016/01/19/womens-fashion-during-a
   nd-after-the-french-revolution-1790-to-1810/ (January 2016)

   Victoria and Albert Museum. “Style Guide: Regency Classicism.”
   Retrieved 8/22/2019:
   http://www.vam.ac.uk/content/articles/s/style-guide-regency-classicism/

   Batman, E. (2004). The New Galleries of Ancient Art at the Walters Art
   Museum, Baltimore. American Journal of Archaeology, 108(1), 79-86.
   Retrieved from http://www.jstor.org/stable/40024677

   The Scandal of Marie Antoinette’s Gown,  Meghan Masterson, Meghan
   Masterson blog. Retrieved 8/22/2019 from
   https://meghanmastersonauthor.com/the-scandal-of-marie-antoinettes-gown
   s/

   Hairstyles Through the Ages, Crystalinks, History. Retrieved 8/22/2019
   from https://www.crystalinks.com/hair.history.html

   Warnock, R. (1942). Boswell on the Grand Tour. Studies in
   Philology, 39(4), 650-661. Retrieved from
   http://www.jstor.org/stable/4172592

Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Posted in 18th Century England, 18th Century France, 19th Century
   England, 19th Century France, Georgian hairstyles, jane austen, Jane
   Austen's World, Sanditon, Sea bathing during the Regency era | Tagged
   Greco Roman influences, The Grand Tour | 12 Comments »

Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th, 2019 and a PBS station near you in 2020

   August 22, 2019 by Vic

   Inquiring readers, It is confirmed!! Sanditon, Jane Austen’s last
   unfinished fragment of a novel has been adapted for television as an
   8-episode mini-series by Andrew Davies, who adapted 1995’s Pride and
   Prejudice for the small screen. Mr. Davies uses his talents and
   knowledge of Jane Austen and British history to finish the novel that
   Jane laid aside months before her death. The mini-series includes nude
   bathing (an historically accurate touch) and, to paraphrase Mr. Davies,
   is somewhat “sexed up.” (Town and Country Magazine.)

   British audiences: Sanditon begins on ITV on Sunday 25th August 2019 at
   9pm for 8 episodes.

   U.S. audiences: The PBS Masterpiece Sanditon will air some time in
   2020. Look for announcements later.

   What is Sanditon? According to Oxford World Classics…”Jane Austen
   writes what may well be the first seaside novel: a novel, that is, that
   explores the mysterious and startling transformation that a stay by the
   sea can work on individuals and relationships.”

     …”In this, her final, unfinished work, the writer sets aside her
     familiar subject matter, the country village with its settled
     community, for the transient and and eccentric assortment of people
     who drift to the new resort, the town built upon sand.”

   Read about the novel, newly released by Oxford World’s Classics and
   edited by Kathryn Sutherlund at this link. Look for my review of the
   unfinished novel soon.

   Tony Grant, a frequent contributor to this blog, has written a post in
   anticipation of the series:  SANDITON ( an unfinished novel by Jane
   Austen) is coming to our screens. What might we see?

   View the trailer below:

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/Zw_07wL5N1A?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide
   =2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&wmode=transparent

   Sanditon: First Look on PBS Masterpiece: Click here

   Sanditon on ITV: Click here

   Additional Sanditon information:
   www.Sanditon.info
   www.SanditonProductions.com



Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Posted in ITV, Jane Austen Novels, Jane Austen's World, PBS Movie
   Adaptation, Sanditon, Sea bathing during the Regency era | 8 Comments »

Kisses and Embraces in Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice by Rachel Dodge

   June 30, 2019 by Vic

   Much has been said about proper greetings, curtsies, nods, and bows in
   Jane Austen’s novels, but familiar greetings that occur between close
   friends and family members are just as fascinating. In fact, a close
   inspection of the novels reveals more kissing, embracing, and
   hand-holding than one might first imagine.
   Elizabeth and Mr. Wickham." Pride and Prejudice illustration by C.E.
   Brock (1895), British Library.

   Elizabeth and Mr. Wickham.” Pride and Prejudice illustration by C.E.
   Brock (1895), British Library.

   Austen’s own family is described as affectionate by many of her
   biographers; her letters reveal the same. In her novels, the degree of
   physical touch and affection (or the lack thereof) shown by her
   characters and families can provide us with interesting insights.

   Pride and Prejudice

   In Pride and Prejudice, Austen uses physical touch to offer clues about
   her characters in several instances. For example, when saying goodbye
   to Jane and Elizabeth, Miss Bingley embraces Jane and shakes hands with
   Elizabeth. With these gestures, she communicates her feelings toward
   Jane and Elizabeth; the narrator aids our further understanding:

     “On Sunday, after morning service, the separation, so agreeable to
     almost all, took place. Miss Bingley’s civility to Elizabeth
     increased at last very rapidly, as well as her affection for Jane;
     and when they parted, after assuring the latter of the pleasure it
     would always give her to see her either at Longbourn or Netherfield,
     and embracing her most tenderly, she even shook hands with the
     former. Elizabeth took leave of the whole party in the liveliest of
     spirits.” (Chapter 12)

   Later, when Elizabeth leaves Hunsford, Miss de Bourgh makes an effort
   at friendliness in her parting: “When they parted, Lady Catherine, with
   great condescension, wished them a good journey, and invited them to
   come to Hunsford again next year; and Miss de Bourgh exerted herself so
   far as to curtsey and hold out her hand to both” (Chapter 37).

   After Lydia’s marriage, Mr. Wickham and Elizabeth’s greeting speaks
   volumes about what she knows and what he suspects she knows: “She held
   out her hand; he kissed it with affectionate gallantry, though he
   hardly knew how to look, and they entered the house” (Chapter 52).

   These strained greetings and leave-takings stand in stark contrast to
   the warm affection shown in the Bennet family. For example, Elizabeth
   greets her little cousins with a kiss when she returns to Longbourn.
   Even though she’s in a hurry, her greeting provides a glimpse into
   their normal family interactions:

     “The little Gardiners, attracted by the sight of a chaise, were
     standing on the steps of the house as they entered the paddock; and,
     when the carriage drove up to the door, the joyful surprise that
     lighted up their faces, and displayed itself over their whole
     bodies, in a variety of capers and frisks, was the first pleasing
     earnest of their welcome. Elizabeth jumped out; and, after giving
     each of them a hasty kiss, hurried into the vestibule, where Jane,
     who came running down from her mother’s apartment, immediately met
     her.” (Chapter 47)

   This scene also reveals that the Gardiner children have a wonderful
   relationship with their parents and cousin. They’re so full of joy that
   they’re unable to hold still. Even their movements show their
   enthusiasm.

   Furthermore, Austen uses physical touch to illustrate special fondness
   between the other Bennet family members. When Elizabeth speaks to Mr.
   Bennet about her family’s reputation, Mr. Bennet reaches for her hand,
   in a moment of seriousness, and comforts her:

     “Mr. Bennet saw that her whole heart was in the subject, and
     affectionately taking her hand said in reply: ‘Do not make yourself
     uneasy, my love. Wherever you and Jane are known you must be
     respected and valued; and you will not appear to less advantage for
     having a couple of—or I may say, three—very silly sisters’” (Chapter
     41).

   Elizabeth and Jane embrace when they are in great trial: “Elizabeth, as
   she affectionately embraced her, whilst tears filled the eyes of both,
   lost not a moment in asking whether anything had been heard of the
   fugitives” (Chapter 47). And again, when they are extremely happy:
   “Jane could have no reserves from Elizabeth, where confidence would
   give pleasure; and instantly embracing her, acknowledged, with the
   liveliest emotion, that she was the happiest creature in the world”
   (Chapter 55).

   When Mr. Bingley and Elizabeth first meet as future brother and sister,
   there is genuine affection and joy on both sides:

     “He then shut the door, and, coming up to her, claimed the good
     wishes and affection of a sister. Elizabeth honestly and heartily
     expressed her delight in the prospect of their relationship. They
     shook hands with great cordiality; and then, till her sister came
     down, she had to listen to all he had to say of his own happiness,
     and of Jane’s perfections…” (Chapter 55)

   Finally, Jane kisses Mr. Bennet when he gives his permission for her to
   marry Mr. Bingley: “[H]e turned to his daughter, and said: ‘Jane, I
   congratulate you. You will be a very happy woman.’ Jane went to him
   instantly, kissed him, and thanked him for his goodness” (Chapter 55).
   It’s easy to see how much it pleases Mr. Bennet to see his daughter
   happy and how much it pleases Jane to make her father happy.

   We find examples of kissing and embracing in each of Austen’s novels.
   Some of her novels have multiple instances and others have very few,
   depending on the families in question and how they tend to interact
   with one another. Austen uses these interactions to create a warmer or
   cooler atmosphere in each family and relationship.

   These are just a few scenes from Pride and Prejudice. I’m sure you can
   think of others. What do these examples say to you about the characters
   in Pride and Prejudice?

   ________

   Rachel Dodge is a regular contributor to Jane Austen’s World blog and
   Jane Austen’s Regency World magazine. She is a college English
   professor and the author of Praying with Jane: 31 Days Through the
   Prayers of Jane Austen. You can find her online at www.RachelDodge.com,
   on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/kindredspiritbooks/, or on
   Facebook https://www.facebook.com/racheldodgebooks/.


Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Posted in Jane Austen's language, Jane Austen's World, Pride and
   Prejudice | Tagged Rachel Dodge | 21 Comments »

Only a Novel: The Double Life of Jane Austen by Jane Aiken Hodge: A Review

   May 6, 2019 by Vic

     Image of the book cover Only a Novel: The Double Life of Jane Austen
     by Jane Aiken Hodge It is only a novel… or, in short, only some work
     in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the
     most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of
     its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are
     conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language” – Jane Austen,
     Northanger Abbey

   Jane Aiken Hodge’s (JAH) biography of Jane Austen is characterized by
   the biographer’s distinctive voice. It is as clear as spring water and
   as refreshing. She expertly braids a variety of sources consisting of
   biographies, articles, letters, and Austen’s own novels to tell us
   about the author’s life. JAH uses a straightforward yet descriptive
   writing style that takes us effortlessly through the stages of Austen’s
   personal journey, career, triumphs, and struggles.

   Aiken Hodge’s descriptions paint a vivid word picture of a gifted
   author living the double life of a proper lady in a bygone era, who,
   unbeknownst to contemporary readers, chose career over marriage, a
   daring move in an age when genteel women were expected to marry, rule a
   household, and breed heirs and spares. JAH’s conclusions, although not
   footnoted like an academic, are laid out persuasively and supported by
   her choice of the source materials available to her in 1972, the year
   this biography was first published.

   The book begins with a description of Steventon Rectory in the context
   of the rising middle class and rising costs of goods resulting from
   war, societal changes brought about by the industrial revolution, vast
   improvements in travel created by a network of canals and macademised
   roads, changes in fashion (barely mentioned by Austen), the advent of
   circulating libraries, and more.  Aiken Hodge describes a rural world
   where a stage coach clattering through a small village drowned out bird
   song or the voice of a farmer calling out to his cattle.

   The elder Austens worked hard to put food on the table and clothes on
   their family’s backs. They performed double duty in almost all aspects
   of life. Rev. George Austen used his horse to plow his glebe land and
   perform the functions of his ministry. He was both a rector and the
   head of a small boarding school. Mrs. Austen oversaw the household,
   diary and chickens, and the children (including Rev. Austen’s male
   students) yet found the time to create recipes in rhymes.

   Unlike many girls of their time, Jane and her older sister Cassandra
   were given free reign of Rev. Austen’s extensive library (books were
   extremely expensive in that era). Their hard-working and resourceful,
   parents still found time to join in the fun of riddles, charades, and
   plays and journey forth for family visits. Jane’s writings, actively
   encouraged by her family, are preserved in 3 volumes of her Juvenilia,
   which she painstakingly copied as an adult. The Austen family adored
   reading novels, hence the title of this book, Only a Novel. This was an
   age when reading novels over serious fiction and nonfiction was a habit
   akin to liking reality tv today over serious, well-researched
   documentaries. (I humbly confess to still watching ‘Survivor’.)

   The difference between the Austen boys’ freedom and her own and
   Cassandra’s must have rankled Jane, whose independent career choice was
   curtailed by conventions. Sons could ride horses and carriages and
   venture forth at will. Their actions were unrestrained compared to the
   girls’ strict upbringing. JAH describes at great length how both Jane
   and Cassandra could not travel unescorted. In order to arrange for
   transportation, they had to wait for proper chaperonage, even if this
   meant delaying a return trip for weeks.

   We know today that through her novels and letters Jane displayed a
   lively and irreverent sense of humor. In public, however, she presented
   herself as quiet and restrained, especially after she donned a
   spinster’s cap and had given up all pretense of seeking a husband.
   Before the publication of her first novel, friends and neighbors knew
   Jane to be friendly yet unobtrusive. (Her family knew an entirely
   different and much livelier Jane.) After Pride and Prejudice and
   subsequent novels were published, acquaintances and neighbors became
   more cautious around this keen, sometimes acerbic observer, thus the
   full title of this biography, Only a Novel: The Double Life of Jane
   Austen.

   Aiken Hodge compares the rural settings of Steventon Rectory and
   Chawton Cottage to the city settings of Bath and London and the hectic,
   at times unpredictable, pace of her visits to family houses and
   friends. These events, including the shock of moving to Bath, Rev.
   Austen’s sudden death, and the Austen women’s peripatetic life for
   eight years, stood in the way of Jane’s creativity. Fortunately for
   posterity, her move to rural Chawton Cottage in 1809 spawned her
   productive period – her reworking of Pride and Prejudice, Sense and
   Sensibility, and Northanger Abbey, and creation of Emma, Mansfield
   Park, and Persuasion, all masterpieces. These days we can also enjoy
   her incomplete works (Lady Susan and Sanditon ) and her Juvenilia.
   While this period in Austen’s life was adequately covered by Jane Aiken
   Hodge, especially regarding Jane’s relationship with her publishers
   (through her male relatives) and quest for an independent living as a
   single woman, I longed for more details, but I quibble. Aiken Hodge’s
   description of Chawton Cottage, which sat so close to Winchester Road
   (and which ran through Chawton Village), allowed passersby to view the
   Austen women dining intimately in the dining room or conversing, was
   like a snapshot in time.

   Jane Austen’s fatal disease, characterized more by fatigue than pain
   (and still studied by modern diagnosticians), took her family a long
   time to accept as dire. Aiken Hodge writes about the events leading to
   Jane’s death without over-emotional hand wringing. Her restrained
   description of Austen’s last days allowed my imagination to take hold.
   I cried once again at my and the world’s loss of this talented author
   at the height of her writing power. Almost as an afterthought, JAH
   mentioned that only four male mourners (brothers Edward, Henry, and
   Frank, and nephew James-Edward) were present at her funeral, whereas
   neither her mother nor sister could attend, as it was not the custom of
   females to accompany the funeral cortege.

   JAH concludes her biography by describing Austen’s close relationships
   with her family (she and sister Cassandra were “everything to each
   other”), including her nieces and nephews. She had, through these
   associations, a special affinity with children. I was struck by this
   recollection from a nephew after her death:

     He expected particular happiness in that house [Chawton] and found
     it there no longer. The laughter had died…”

   JAH concluded that the laughter lives on through Austen’s novels and
   characters. Letters saved by her kin and memoirs published after her
   death preserved precious memories before all first-hand memories about
   her were lost.

   Image of Only a Novel by Jane Aiken Hodge with reviewer notes Compared
   to Claire Tomalin’s biography Jane Austen: A Life (1999), which is
   filled with images and illustrations and attachments with postscripts,
   two appendices, page notes, bibliography, family tree, and index
   consisting of 73 pages, Aiken Hodge’s Only A Novel provides six pages
   of notes and bibliography. Instead, JAHs bibliography uses the memoirs,
   letters, histories, biographies, and papers available to her in the
   early 70’s.  I loved reading this biography. From the photo on the
   right, you can see by the sticky notes how much interesting information
   I found. Aiken Hodge’s lovely writing style suits me to a tee. I also
   own another JAH biography, the wonderfully illustrated The Private
   World of Georgette Heyer, published in 1984 and which I have kept all
   these years. Only A Novel: The Double Life of Jane Austen is worth
   every penny of its purchase and has become a grand addition to my
   Austen library.

   ________
   Image of author Jane Aiken Hodge

   Jane Aiken Hodge

   Jane Aiken Hodge was born in Massachusetts but moved with her family to
   East Sussex in Britain when she was three years old. After reading
   English in Somerville College, Oxford, she moved to the US to undertake
   a second degree at Radcliffe College. Whilst she was there, she spent
   time as a civil servant and worked for Time Magazine before returning
   to the UK to focus on her career as a novelist. In 1972 she became a
   British citizen. She is the daughter of the Pulitzer prize-winning
   poet, Conrad Aiken.

   Aiken Hodge is known for her works of historical romance. In a career
   spanning nearly fifty years, she published over thirty novels,
   exploring contemporary settings and the detective genre in her later
   life. She died in 2009, aged ninety-two.

   Purchase the book:
     * Publisher Agora Books:
       https://www.agorabooks.co/titles/only-a-novel-the-double-life-of-ja
       ne-austen/
     * Amazon: https://amzn.to/2Iex7yC

   Product details:
     * Paperback: 290 pages
     * Publisher: Agora Books (April 25, 2019)
     * Language: English
     * ISBN-10: 1913099253
     * ISBN-13: 978-1913099251

   Hashtag:  Please use the hashtag #OnlyANovel when posting or talking
   about Only a Novel on Twitter, Instagram or Facebook. Also, make sure
   you tag us – @AgoraBooksLDN on Twitter and Instagram!

Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Posted in Book review, Jane Austen's enduring popularity, Jane Austen's
   life, Jane Austen's World | Tagged #OnlyANovel, @AgoraBooksLDN, Jane
   Aiken Hodge, Only a Novel: The Double Life of Jane Austen | 3 Comments
   »

Reading Austen in America, Juliette Wells

   April 23, 2019 by Vic

   Good news for Janeites who live within striking distance of Johns
   Hopkins University in Baltimore, MD! At 7:00 PM EST on April 29th, the
   Bird in Hand, a cafe/bookstore, will be offering the first in a series
   of workshops on the last Monday of each month in the public humanities.
   Sponsored by the Alexander Grass Humanities Institute at Johns Hopkins,
   Baltimore-based professors and students will share new work in the
   public humanities and oriented toward broader public audiences. The
   intimate setting is meant to encourage public feedback and critical
   dialogue. One guest lecturer will be Juliette Wells, author of ‘Reading
   Austen in America’ (see Project MUSE’s review of the book at this
   link and purchase the book at this link to Amazon prime.

   Date: Monday, April 29, 2019 –
   Time: 7:00pm,
   Place: Bird in Hand, 11 E. 33rd Street, Baltimore, MD 21218

Excerpt from the advert from the Ivy Bookshop:

     Just over a century after Jane Austen’s death in 1817, devoted
     readers sought out her letters and personal possessions, as well as
     first and rare editions of her novels. Alberta Hirshheimer Burke,
     Goucher College class of 1928, built the most extensive collection
     in the U.S. of Austen manuscripts, editions, translations, and
     ephemera–plus one famous relic, a lock of Jane Austen’s hair, which
     made international news when Mrs. Burke donated it to the Jane
     Austen House in Chawton, England. Second only to Mrs. Burke’s was
     the collection formed by Charles Beecher Hogan, Yale class of 1928,
     which included the topaz cross necklace owned by Austen. Drawing on
     new research in the two collectors’ personal archives, this
     presentation establishes the importance to Austen reception history
     of their pursuit of items that held great personal importance to
     them.

   Event Topic (click on links):
     * Humanities in the Village: Juliette Wells, Professor of English
       at Goucher College
     * Collecting Jane Austen in America: Alberta H. Burke Of Baltimore
     * Charles Beecher Hogan of Yale


   Other posts on the topic of Jane Austen’s letters and personal
   possessions and Jane Austen scholars:
     * Of Jane Austen’s House Museum, English Country Dancing, and Austen
       Scholar-in-Residence at Goucher College, Christine Stewart, Jane
       Austen’s World, February, 2010
     * Collection Overview – Jane Austen at Goucher College, Goucher
       College Library
     * Jane Austen at the Morgan Library, Vic Sanborn, Jane Austen’s
       World, December, 2009
     * A Woman’s Wit: Jane Austen’s Life and Legacy, Morgan Library
       Exhibit, Nov, 2009-March, 2010.

Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Posted in Jane Austen in the modern world, Jane Austen Novels, Jane
   Austen's letters, Jane Austen's World | Tagged Austen American
   collections | 1 Comment »

Jane Austen’s Sampler: Who Stitched It?

   April 11, 2019 by Vic

   Inquiring readers, Brenda Cox has contributed yet another fascinating
   post. This one is about Jane Austen’s cross-stitched sampler. Is it
   hers or not? Find out as Ms. Cox explores the possibilities using an
   extensive amount of research and conversations with Jane Austen expert
   Deirdre Le Faye. Find her blog Faith, Science, Joy, … and Jane
   Austen at this link.
   Picture 1 Austen Sampler

   Did Jane Austen stitch this sampler? (Photos are of a reproduction. The
   white marks below the word “out” are damage to the print, not the
   sampler.)

   Someone named Jane Austen stitched this lovely, well-worn sampler in
   1797 or 1787. It is cross-stitched on linen, mostly in plum and green
   silk, with quotes from the Psalms. The text says 1797, but may have
   originally said 1787. Stitches below the 9 seem to have been picked out
   or frayed.  If it was done in 1787, Jane Austen would have been almost
   twelve years old. It appears the stitching could have been done by a
   girl around that age.

   I have a reproduction of the sampler which I bought at the Jane Austen
   Centre in Bath some years ago. They no longer offer it. The original is
   in a private collection, though it was displayed at Oxford’s Bodleian
   Library in 2012. But was the sampler stitched by the novelist Jane
   Austen?

   Samplers

   In Northanger Abbey, Henry Tilney tells Catherine Morland he was at
   Oxford while she was “a good little girl working [her] sampler at
   home.” (“Not very good, I’m afraid,” Catherine responds.)  Girls often
   stitched samplers as a way of learning sewing and the alphabet.

   The Jane Austen’s House Museum in Chawton displays a sampler worked by
   Jane’s sister Cassandra, or possibly by their niece of the same name.
   Many samplers of the time were much like Cassandra’s. They display
   different stitches, alphabets, and numbers. The young lady could refer
   to her sampler later when she did more complex projects or stitched
   initials on items of clothing.
   Picture 2 Cassandra's Sampler

   Cassandra Austen’s Sampler. Courtesy of Jane Austen’s House Museum,
   Chawton
   Picture 3 Jane Austen sampler - alphabet

   Alphabet at the top of the Jane Austen Sampler. Letters in between each
   pair are in a lighter, faded color. The P’s are backwards here, but
   correct in the verses below.

   The two samplers are about the same size. Both are about 10” wide and
   11 to 12” high. The capital letters on the Jane Austen sampler are very
   similar to the smaller cross-stitched capital letters on Cassandra’s
   sampler. (Cassandra’s larger capitals are sewn with a different
   stitch.) These were probably standard styles of stitching.

   Much of the Jane Austen sampler is different from Cassandra’s, though,
   since it quotes from the Psalms. This helped the stitcher learn Bible
   verses along with the alphabet.

   Why the Psalms? Austen’s Church of England used The Book of Common
   Prayerfor worship. It includes daily readings from the Psalms, taken
   from the 1535 Coverdale translation of the Bible. The whole book of
   Psalms is read every month, so it was very familiar to Austen and her
   family. The sampler quotes various verses, in no particular order. Each
   line starts with a capital letter, but most verses do not start a new
   line.

   The Verses from the Psalms
   Picture 4 Jane Austen sampler - Psalms

   The verses from the Psalms are in a continuous stream.

   The following verses are quoted. Some are not exact quotes from the
   Psalms in the prayer book.

   Praise the Lord o my Soul and all that is within me Praise his holy
   Name (Ps. 103:1)

   as long as I live will I praise The Lord I will give thanks unto God
   while I have My Being (paraphrased fromPs. 104:33, “I will sing unto
   the Lord as long as I live : I will praise my God while I have my
   being.”)

   sing unto the Lord o ye Kingdoms of the Earth o sing praise unto the
   Lord (paraphrased from Ps. 68:32 “Sing unto God, O ye kingdoms of the
   earth : O sing praises unto the Lord”)

   Give the Lord the Honour doe [?] unto his Name worship the Lord with
   holy Worship (Psalm 29:2, with “doe” substituted for “due”)

   in the Time of trouble I will call upon the Lord and he will hear me
   (from Ps 86:7 “In the time of my trouble I will call upon thee : for
   thou hearest me.”)

   Turn thy Face from my Sins and put out all my Misdeeds (Ps 51:9)
   Picture 5 Jane Austen sampler - trees and name and more

   A border of flowers (or possibly geometric shapes) surrounds the
   Psalms.  Below are flowering trees with a bird, and “Jane Austen, 1797.

   Is this Jane Austen the novelist, or another Jane Austen?

   Deirdre Le Faye, an expert on Jane Austen, believes that the stitcher
   was another Jane Austen, probably a second cousin of the author of
   Pride and Prejudice. These are her arguments, followed by my own,
   definitely non-expert, thoughts:
    1. The date is 1797, but appears to have originally been
       1787. Sometimes a date on a sampler would be changed to make a
       woman appear to be younger than she was.  Le Faye asks, “Would the
       eminently honest and straightforward Austens have bothered with
       such a petty deception?”

   I agree that this seems out of character for Jane Austen and her
   family. However, descriptions I have seen of the sampler say some of
   the stitching has “come away.” It may be that it was not purposely
   changed, but that the stitches came loose over time. The sampler has
   been folded and somewhat damaged. The “9” (or “8”) is at the center,
   possibly on a fold line. The “A” directly above the number is also not
   very clear.
   Picture 6 Jane Austen sampler - name and date

   Closeup of name and date

   2. The verses seem to be chosen haphazardly and are all run together.
   There is also a simple spelling error (“doe” for “due”), which Le Faye
   thinks our Jane Austen would not have made. Le Faye asks, “Would
   Jane—bright as we know she was in her childhood—have copied texts
   inaccurately from the psalms in her Prayerbook?”

   Perhaps the young Jane Austen would not have made such a spelling
   error. However, there are misspellings and random capitalizations in
   her early Juvenilia. Also, the single stitch that makes the middle
   letter of “due” into an “o” is very tiny, like all the cross stitches
   on this small sampler. It is not very clear on my reproduction, and at
   first I thought it was a “u” but a bit blurred. It may be a stitching
   error rather than a spelling error.

   The inaccuracy of the texts is a bigger issue, and it does seem odd
   that the verses are all run together. The changes within the verses are
   minor, as you can see above.  These verses would have been very
   familiar to the Austen family, who probably read from the Psalms daily.
   So we might have expected Jane to stitch them correctly. However,
   perhaps they were familiar enough that Jane was stitching them from
   memory. We know she was creative and imaginative. She may have been
   stitching verses as they came to mind, in ways that resonated with her.
   The meanings are expressed well.

   On the other hand, even at a young age, it does seem more likely that
   “our” Jane Austen would have put the verses together in a more
   organized, accurate fashion. Deirdre Le Faye adds that, since Jane’s
   father was a rector, he probably would have corrected any mistakes that
   she made in quoting the Psalms. He might even have helped her choose
   verses to include.


   3. The main issue is the provenance (the history of ownership) of the
   sampler. According to an earlier article that Le Faye refers to, in
   1976 the sampler was “owned by a Mrs Molly Proctor, who was given it by
   Mrs I. Thompson of Rochester, whose grandfather, Mr Frederick Nicholls
   of Whitstable, was a grandson of a cousin of Jane Austen.” It was sold
   at auction in 1996 for 2,185 pounds.

   This provenance was passed down orally and not in writing. There is no
   indication of who the cousin might be.  Austen had only a few first
   cousins: Eliza de Feuillide, Jane and Edward Cooper, James and Phylly
   Walter. Le Faye continues, “Only Edward Cooper and James Walter left
   descendants, all of whom lived in the Midlands” (central England).

   Whitstable, mentioned in the provenance of the sampler, is quite some
   distance away, on the coast of northern Kent in southeastern England
   (north of Canterbury).  There is no record of any cousins of the
   Steventon Austen family living in that area. And the name “Frederick
   Nicholls” is not found among the Austen relations in R. A.
   Austen-Leigh’s Pedigree of Austen. So it seems unlikely that Nicholls
   was connected with the novelist Jane Austen in a different part of the
   country.

   Le Faye therefore suggests that the sampler was probably done by a
   different woman named Jane Austen, of a similar age, in Kent. She gives
   two possibilities:
     * There was an Austen family in Ramsgate and Loose, near Maidstone in
       Kent. They were related to the Austens of Steventon through a
       sixteenth-century ancestor. It’s possible they had their own “Jane
       Austen.”
     * Jane Austen did have a second cousin named Jane Austen who lived in
       Kent. They had the same great-grandfather, John Austen IV of
       Broadford, who died in 1704. His son Francis Austen had a son named
       Francis-Motley Austen (1747-1815) who lived at Kippington near
       Sevenoaks in Kent. Francis-Motley had a daughter named Jane Austen.
       She lived from 1776 (the year after the novelist Jane was born)
       until 1857. This Jane Austen married William-John Campion in 1797
       and had children. It’s possible that she stitched the sampler and
       left it to relatives who passed it down through the family.

   The two Jane Austens probably met in 1788, when the George Austen
   family visited Jane’s great-uncle Francis Austen and his family at
   Sevenoaks. Our Jane was twelve, her second cousin Jane about a year
   younger.  We don’t know what they thought of each other.

   At this point there is no definitive proof as to whether the sampler
   was sewn by “our” Jane Austen, by her second cousin in Kent, or by some
   other Jane Austen.

   At the very least we can say that it was a sampler stitched at around
   the same time as our Jane Austen probably made her own, and most likely
   somewhere in southern England. It may have been in a similar style to
   whatever sampler she sewed. And she or one of her relatives may have
   stitched it. So we can enjoy it as another small window into Jane
   Austen’s world.

    (By the way, is there a genealogist out there who can track down a Mr
   Frederick Nicholls of Whitstable who was a grandson of a cousin of a
   Jane Austen? A Jane Austen who was a young girl in 1787 or 1797? Which
   Jane Austen was she?)



   Brenda S. Cox writes on “Faith, Science, Joy . . . and Jane Austen!”
   She is working on a book entitled Fashionable Goodness: Christianity in
   Jane Austen’s England. Her previous contribution to this blog can be
   found at this link: George Austen’s Spiritual Advice to his Son Francis
   Austen.

   Sources

   “Which Jane Austen Stitched this Sampler?” by Deirdre Le Faye.
   Collected Reports of the Jane Austen Society, Vol. 5 (1996-2000), pp
   233-35. Also personal correspondence with Deirdre Le Faye.

   Jane Austen: Her Life and Letters, by William Austen-Leigh and Richard
   Arthur Austen-Leigh (1913), discusses the “Motley Austen” branch of the
   family in chapters 1 and 4.

   Jane Austen: A Family Record by Deirdre Le Faye (Cambridge University
   Press, second edition, 2004) mentions the family of the other Jane
   Austen (the second cousin) on pages 2-3, 64, and 78.

   More on the Topic
     * Jane Austen’s Sampler (Part 1)
     * Reflections on Jane Austen’s Sampler (Part 2)
     * Schoolgirl Embroidery in Regency Britain
     * Jane Austen’s Cross Stitch Sampler
     * Jane Austen Revealed: World Book Day at the Bodleian
     * This 1813 sampler is similar, though it includes a religious poem
       rather than Psalms

Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

   Posted in Jane Austen needlework, Jane Austen's religion, Jane Austen's
   World, Sewing | Tagged Brenda Cox, Jane Austen cross stitch sampler | 9
   Comments »

                               Older Posts »

     * Email Subscription
       Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
       notifications of new posts by email.
       Join 6,433 other followers
       ____________________
       (BUTTON) Sign me up!
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Notice: Comments
       Due to SPAMMERS, I will no longer accept comments on posts that I
       published over 30 days ago. In some instances, I will remove links
       from comments as well.
       I regret having to take this action.
     * Blog Stats
          + 13,473,898 hits
     * Pin It!
       Follow Me on Pinterest
     * Free podcasts of a Novel by a Jane Austen Contemporary, Mrs. A.
       Kendall
       icon-pod-final
       Intro to The Lady’s Magazine and Derwent Priory, Or Memoirs of an
       Orphan, in a Series of Letters by Mrs A. Kendall, from the Lady’s
       Magazine of 1796 -97. Click on the following link  narrated by Ms.
       Greenfield to listen to the podcasts.
       Narrated by Deborah Greenfield (click on this link to access the
       site).
       This is a serialized free audiobook of Derwent Priory, a romantic
       novel from 1796 by a Mrs A. Kendall, a contemporary of Jane Austen.
       It first appeared in an important periodical of the day, The Lady’s
       Magazine, which was instrumental in encouraging women to write,
       including Jane Austen, and later Charlotte Bronte. The podcast also
       explores other Lady’s Magazine material and episodes appear every
       Tuesday. Several are already up and episode 6 is followed by an
       interview with Lady’s Magazine and Jane Austen expert Dr Jennie
       Batchelor from Kent University.
       Note: Once Derwent Priory is complete, it will be published as an
       audiobook, and the podcast will go on hiatus.
          + It’s also on Itunes/ Apple Podcasts,
          + A synopsis on the Amazon site (original source, the Huntington
            Library).
     * The Obituary of Charlotte Collins by Andrew Capes
       Click on image to read the story.
     * Top Posts
          + Highclere Castle Floor Plan: The Real Downton Abbey
            Highclere Castle Floor Plan: The Real Downton Abbey
          + Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
            Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
          + Public Bathing in Bath: Georgian Style
            Public Bathing in Bath: Georgian Style
          + Social Customs During
            Social Customs During
          + The Servant's Quarters in 19th Century Country Houses Like
            Downton Abbey
            The Servant's Quarters in 19th Century Country Houses Like
            Downton Abbey
          + Downstairs in Downton Abbey: The Servants
            Downstairs in Downton Abbey: The Servants
          + You can watch Persuasion 2007 online
            You can watch Persuasion 2007 online
          + Upstairs in Downton Abbey: The Three Crawley Sisters
            Upstairs in Downton Abbey: The Three Crawley Sisters
          + Men's hair styles at the turn of the 19th century
            Men's hair styles at the turn of the 19th century
          + Regency Hygiene: The Bourdaloue
            Regency Hygiene: The Bourdaloue
     * Downton Abbey Reviews
       Banner
       Click here to enter the page with the reviews.
     * Bookmark
       Add to Delicious Add to Digg Add to FaceBook Add to Google Bookmark
       Add to MySpace Add to Newsvine Add to Reddit Add to StumbleUpon Add
       to Technorati Add to Twitter
     * Links to Jane Austen Blogs
       Click here to enter the page. Topics include Regency fashion,
       historic foods, Jane Austen societies, British sites, related
       topics. Click on image.
     * Find Jane Austen on Google
     * This blog has no commercial purpose
       Any ads you see are placed here by Wordpress. I make no profit off
       my blog. I do receive books and DVDs for review.
     * Hello, my name is Vic and I live in Maryland, USA. I have adored
       Jane Austen almost all of my life. I am a proud lifetime member of
       the Jane Austen Society of North America. This blog is a personal
       blog written and edited by me. I do not accept any form of cash
       advertising, sponsorship, or paid topic insertions. However, I do
       accept and keep books, DVDs and CDs to review.
       Contributors to this blog include: Tony Grant and Rachel Dodge.
       If you would like to share a new site, or point out an error,
       please email me. (Yes, I am fallible. I'll own up to my mistakes
       and will make the corrections with a polite smile on my face.)
       Write me at
       gmailbw
       Thank you for visiting my blog. Your comments and suggestions are
       most welcome.
     * Copyright Statement
       © Vic Sanborn and Jane Austen's World, 2010. Unauthorized use
       and/or duplication of this material without express and written
       permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly
       prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and
       clear credit is given to Vic Sanborn and Jane Austen's World with
       appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
     * Page copy protected against web site content infringement by
       Copyscape
     * Recent Posts
          + Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
          + Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the
            Georgian Era
          + Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th, 2019 and a PBS station
            near you in 2020
          + Kisses and Embraces in Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice by
            Rachel Dodge
          + Only a Novel: The Double Life of Jane Austen by Jane Aiken
            Hodge: A Review
     * Agatha Christie A Walk With Jane Austen Bath Beau Brummell book
       giveaway Cassandra Austen celebrating pride and prejudice Charles
       Dickens Chawton Cottage Chawton House Christine Stewart Colin Firth
       Cookery Downton Abbey Downton Abbey Season 2 Downton Abbey Season 3
       Edwardian Country House Elizabeth Bennet embarking on a Course of
       Study Emma Emma 2009 Emma Woodhouse Georgette Heyer Georgette Heyer
       Book Reviews Glimpse of Jane Austen Holidays Humphry Repton jane
       austen Jane Austen's family Jane Austen's Novels Jane Austen's
       portrait Jane Austen's World jane austen blogs Jane Austen Book
       review Jane Austen Movies Jane Odiwe JASNA AGM 2012 Jonny Lee
       Miller Kate Beckinsale Laurie Viera Rigler Letter Writing in Jane
       Austen's Time Little Dorrit London London Calling Lori Smith Lost
       in Austen Masterpiece Classic Mr. Darcy PBS Jane Austen PBS
       Masterpiece Classic PBS Masterpiece Mystery! PBS Movie Adaptation
       PBS Movie Review Persuasion Pride and Prejudice Pride and Prejudice
       and Zombies Prince Regent Princess Charlotte Prinny Rachel Dodge
       Regency Bath Regency Dandy regency dress Regency Fashion Regency
       food Regency London Regency Servants Regency Transportation Romola
       Garai Sense & Sensibility 2008 SourceBooks The Complete Jane Austen
       Thomas Rowlandson Tony Grant Working class
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Ad Disclaimer
       Any ads that appear on this site were placed there by WordPress. I
       do not make money off this blog. WordPress keeps the revenue. - Vic
     * Geo Visitors Map Add to Technorati Favorites Cultural Blogs -
       BlogCatalog Blog Directory Blog Flux Local - Virginia
     * cool hit counter
     * The Animal Rescue Site
     * Archives
          + September 2019
          + August 2019
          + June 2019
          + May 2019
          + April 2019
          + March 2019
          + February 2019
          + January 2019
          + December 2018
          + November 2018
          + October 2018
          + September 2018
          + August 2018
          + June 2018
          + May 2018
          + April 2018
          + March 2018
          + February 2018
          + January 2018
          + December 2017
          + November 2017
          + October 2017
          + September 2017
          + July 2017
          + June 2017
          + May 2016
          + April 2016
          + March 2016
          + February 2016
          + January 2016
          + December 2015
          + November 2015
          + October 2015
          + May 2014
          + April 2014
          + March 2014
          + February 2014
          + January 2014
          + December 2013
          + November 2013
          + October 2013
          + July 2013
          + June 2013
          + May 2013
          + April 2013
          + March 2013
          + February 2013
          + January 2013
          + December 2012
          + November 2012
          + October 2012
          + September 2012
          + August 2012
          + July 2012
          + June 2012
          + May 2012
          + April 2012
          + March 2012
          + February 2012
          + January 2012
          + December 2011
          + November 2011
          + October 2011
          + September 2011
          + August 2011
          + July 2011
          + June 2011
          + May 2011
          + April 2011
          + March 2011
          + February 2011
          + January 2011
          + December 2010
          + November 2010
          + October 2010
          + September 2010
          + August 2010
          + July 2010
          + June 2010
          + May 2010
          + April 2010
          + March 2010
          + February 2010
          + January 2010
          + December 2009
          + November 2009
          + October 2009
          + September 2009
          + August 2009
          + July 2009
          + June 2009
          + May 2009
          + April 2009
          + March 2009
          + February 2009
          + January 2009
          + December 2008
          + November 2008
          + October 2008
          + September 2008
          + August 2008
          + July 2008
          + June 2008
          + May 2008
          + April 2008
          + March 2008
          + February 2008
          + January 2008
          + December 2007
          + November 2007
          + October 2007
          + September 2007
          + August 2007
          + July 2007
          + June 2007
          + May 2007
          + April 2007
          + March 2007
          + February 2007
          + January 2007
          + December 2006
          + November 2006
          + October 2006
          + September 2006
          + August 2006
     * Irresistible Attraction
       An online Regency novel in serialized form. Click here to read a
       new chapter of Irresistible Attraction each week, and follow the
       story of Amanda Sinclair and James Cavendish, the Earl of Downsley.
     * Follow Jane Austen's World on WordPress.com

   Blog at WordPress.com.

   WPThemes.

   Jane Austen's World
   Blog at WordPress.com.


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   Cancel Reblog Post

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________
   loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   IFRAME: likes-master

   %d bloggers like this:
   This is an OpenID server

   #Jane Austen's World » Feed Jane Austen's World » Comments Feed Jane
   Austen's World » Pride and Prejudice: The Opera Comments Feed Greco
   Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the Georgian Era
   alternate alternate Jane Austen's World WordPress.com

     * Home
     * AV/E-Texts
     * History
     * Icons/Fansites
     * Links
     * Novels
     * Original Sources and 19th C. Texts
     * Podcasts
     * Social Customs During
     * Teacher/Student
     * Writer and Literature Resources

Jane Austen's World

This Jane Austen blog brings Jane Austen, her novels, and the Regency Period
alive through food, dress, social customs, and other 19th C. historical
details related to this topic.

   Feeds:
          Posts
          Comments

   « Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the Georgian Era

Pride and Prejudice: The Opera

   September 23, 2019 by Vic

   Austen Opera 001 Pride and Prejudice, an opera written by Kirke Mechem,
   will make its debut November 20th-23^rd at the Miriam A. Friedberg
   Concert Hall, located at historic Mt. Vernon Place in Baltimore. This
   event is part of the Peabody Opera Theatre, Johns Hopkins University.

   I had the privilege of attending a preview at Goucher College last
   Wednesday. Managing artistic director, Samuel Mungo, explained the
   origin of the opera (“Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice practically
   begs to be set to music!”). In the early 20^th century, atonal music
   was all the rage and did not lend itself well to a novel set in the
   Regency era. Mr. Mechem writes tonal music, which is perfectly suited
   to Jane Austen’s most famous work.

   In his extensive and successful career, Mr. Mechem has written over 250
   works, many of which are produced the world over. His three-act opera,
   Tanuffe, has been performed over 400 times. Songs of the Slave from the
   opera John Brown had its 100^th performance in Boston in 2018. The
   premiere of Pride and Prejudice the Opera will be held in Baltimore
   this fall.

   During the Goucher College preview, the audience heard 3 songs from the
   opera. In order, they were:
    1. Claire Cooper and Kyle Dunn as Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Wickham
       Claire Cooper & Kyle Dunn. Photo: V. Sanborn
       Wickham’s and Elizabeth Bennet’s first meeting, in which they
       discuss Mr. Darcy. Wickham’s opinions confirmed Lizzie’s first
       impression of Darcy. Singers: Claire Cooper and Kyle Dunn

   Noted Austen scholar, Juliette Wells, who teaches at Goucher, observed
   that Mr. Dunn, who sang Mr. Wickham’s role, was wickedly handsome!


    2. Claire Cooper and Joshua Scheid as Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy
       Claire Cooper & Joshua Scheid. Photo: V. Sanborn
       Darcy expresses his feeling for Elizabeth (much against his good
       judgment). The scene is dramatic. Bingley has left Jane, due to Mr.
       Darcy’s influence, and Mr. Darcy explains his actions while
       declaring his love.

   Joshua Scheid, who sang Mr. Darcy’s role, has a strong, assertive voice
   – one that suits Austen’s hero. Both he and Kyle Dunn (Wickham) sing
   baritone, so that the men are dramatically matched during their scenes.
    3. 20190918_170600
       Joann Kulesza. Photo: V. Sanborn
       Lizzie reads the letter from Darcy, which explains Wickham’s
       behavior towards Georgiana and Darcy’s role in saving his sister
       from Wickham’s machinations.

   Joann Kulesza, Music Director of Peabody Opera (right), explained this
   scene beautifully. Darcy slowly and methodically enunciates his words
   in the letter as Elizabeth reads it. Her reactions to his explanations
   are quick, dramatic, and emotional. This scene is quite effective and a
   delight for Austen fans, who can probably recite the words of the
   letter to a tee.

   After the songs, Dr. Mungo and the singers answered questions from the
   audience. The opera is a little over 2 hours long, which necessitated
   drastic cuts to the plot. The Bennets have only three daughters (Mary
   and Kitty are cut out, as is Jane Bennet’s illness), and the focus is
   on Darcy’s and Lizzie’s story. While Mr. Bennet is featured, Mrs.
   Bennet appears more often and has one of the major roles.

   The three singers who performed are young, and it was amusing and
   informative to hear their interpretations of their characters. One had
   not read P&P before, and two had not read the novel since high school
   (which was not too long ago). Their characters’ voices are telling.
   Lizzie is a mezzo-soprano, for she is too sensible to be a soprano.
   Jane is a soprano and Mr. Bingley a tenor. Their tender hearts are
   reflected in their voices. Both Darcy and Wickham are baritones, which
   should create interesting vocal confrontations.

   Interestingly, Mr. Collins has a bass-baritone, a voice with a low
   register. If you read Austen’s description of Mr. Collins, he is a
   “tall, heavy-looking young man of five-and-twenty.” I rather like the
   choice that Kirke Mechem made for Mr. Collins, as well as for the
   shrill Mrs. Bennet, who is a high soprano. Lady Catherine de Bourgh is
   a contralto, the lowest female singing voice. I can’t wait to hear the
   scenes between Lizzie’s mezzo and Lady Catherine’s imperious contralto
   demands.

   The stage sets are still in the design phase, although almost
   completed. The main part of the stage will be a gazebo with four wings
   that open or close to represent Netherfield or Longbourn. The set
   designers are still figuring out how Rosings will look. A garden is
   also included.

   Sketches of the movable wings

   Tickets, which are free, will be available October
   1: https://peabody.jhu.edu/event/kirke-mechem-pride-and-prejudice/

   Kirke Mechem http://www.musicsalesclassical.com/composer/work/43050

   Short biography of Kirke Mechem:
   http://www.musicsalesclassical.com/composer/short-bio/Kirke-Mechem

   Peabody Opera Theater Presents Pride and Prejudice: About Samuel Mungo,
   DMA:
   https://www.goucher.edu/learn/graduate-programs/sage/programs/pride-and
   -prejudice

   Images published with permission from Samuel Mungo


Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

Related

   Posted in jane austen, Jane Austen's World, Pride and Prejudice |
   Tagged Kirke Mechem, Peabody Opera, Pride and Prejudice Opera, Samuel
   Mungo | 5 Comments

5 Responses

    1. on September 23, 2019 at 01:30 | Reply Maureen Mezzo
       Thank you for bringing this to my attention. I’m hoping to get to
       one of the performances, maybe even assemble a small group of Jane
       fans, opera buffs, and mezzos.
    2. on September 23, 2019 at 10:37 | Reply quig45
       Definitely going to the Opera!! Thank you so much for posting this
       and for your fabulous newsletter!!
    3. on September 24, 2019 at 02:05 | Reply cozydell
       So happy to hear that this gorgeous work is being staged! We were
       able to see the premiere done in concert in Redwood City CA last
       spring, and it simply cries out for sets. (There were stage
       directions on the supertitles.) Dr. Mechem also did a talk on his
       choices in creating the opera, such as choosing which voices are
       assigned the roles, as you capture here. Opera-goers will be amused
       that Mrs. Bennet has some “Queen of the Night” riffs, reflecting
       her parenting skills.
    4. on September 24, 2019 at 15:43 | Reply vicki martin
       How about an American tour including Weber State University, Ogden
       Utah? Vicki Martin Clearfield, UT Secondly, KBYU (89.1 FM)
       broadcasts an opera Saturdays at 8 PM. We recently finished Lyric
       Opera season (Chicago) and last week was Carmen from LA. I think it
       would be GREAT to do a radio broadcast of Pride and Prejudice
       (Austin’s one of my favorites).
    5. on September 24, 2019 at 17:22 | Reply Shelly Manas
       Love Pride and Prejudice! Great idea! Wish you were coming to
       perform in the historical Amergosa Opera House, in Nevada. My
       friends and myself specially would be there! Love Opera❤️❤️❤️

   Comments RSS

Your comment is appreciated. If you would like to make a correction or have
me add a link, please send an email to Vic at janeaustensworld [at] (gee)
(male) dot (com). Spam or suspect comments will be deleted. Cancel reply

   Enter your comment here...

   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________

   Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
     *
     *
     *

       IFRAME: googleplus-sign-in

     *
     *

   Gravatar
   Email (required) (Address never made public)
   ____________________
   Name (required)
   ____________________
   Website
   ____________________
   WordPress.com Logo

   You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out /
   Change )
   Google photo

   You are commenting using your Google account. ( Log Out /  Change )
   Twitter picture

   You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out /  Change )
   Facebook photo

   You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out /  Change )
   Cancel

   Connecting to %s

   [ ] Notify me of new comments via email.

   [ ] Notify me of new posts via email.

   Post Comment

     * Email Subscription
       Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
       notifications of new posts by email.
       Join 6,433 other followers
       ____________________
       (BUTTON) Sign me up!
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Notice: Comments
       Due to SPAMMERS, I will no longer accept comments on posts that I
       published over 30 days ago. In some instances, I will remove links
       from comments as well.
       I regret having to take this action.
     * Blog Stats
          + 13,473,898 hits
     * Pin It!
       Follow Me on Pinterest
     * Free podcasts of a Novel by a Jane Austen Contemporary, Mrs. A.
       Kendall
       icon-pod-final
       Intro to The Lady’s Magazine and Derwent Priory, Or Memoirs of an
       Orphan, in a Series of Letters by Mrs A. Kendall, from the Lady’s
       Magazine of 1796 -97. Click on the following link  narrated by Ms.
       Greenfield to listen to the podcasts.
       Narrated by Deborah Greenfield (click on this link to access the
       site).
       This is a serialized free audiobook of Derwent Priory, a romantic
       novel from 1796 by a Mrs A. Kendall, a contemporary of Jane Austen.
       It first appeared in an important periodical of the day, The Lady’s
       Magazine, which was instrumental in encouraging women to write,
       including Jane Austen, and later Charlotte Bronte. The podcast also
       explores other Lady’s Magazine material and episodes appear every
       Tuesday. Several are already up and episode 6 is followed by an
       interview with Lady’s Magazine and Jane Austen expert Dr Jennie
       Batchelor from Kent University.
       Note: Once Derwent Priory is complete, it will be published as an
       audiobook, and the podcast will go on hiatus.
          + It’s also on Itunes/ Apple Podcasts,
          + A synopsis on the Amazon site (original source, the Huntington
            Library).
     * The Obituary of Charlotte Collins by Andrew Capes
       Click on image to read the story.
     * Top Posts
          + Highclere Castle Floor Plan: The Real Downton Abbey
            Highclere Castle Floor Plan: The Real Downton Abbey
          + Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
            Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
          + Public Bathing in Bath: Georgian Style
            Public Bathing in Bath: Georgian Style
          + Social Customs During
            Social Customs During
          + The Servant's Quarters in 19th Century Country Houses Like
            Downton Abbey
            The Servant's Quarters in 19th Century Country Houses Like
            Downton Abbey
          + Downstairs in Downton Abbey: The Servants
            Downstairs in Downton Abbey: The Servants
          + You can watch Persuasion 2007 online
            You can watch Persuasion 2007 online
          + Upstairs in Downton Abbey: The Three Crawley Sisters
            Upstairs in Downton Abbey: The Three Crawley Sisters
          + Men's hair styles at the turn of the 19th century
            Men's hair styles at the turn of the 19th century
          + Regency Hygiene: The Bourdaloue
            Regency Hygiene: The Bourdaloue
     * Downton Abbey Reviews
       Banner
       Click here to enter the page with the reviews.
     * Bookmark
       Add to Delicious Add to Digg Add to FaceBook Add to Google Bookmark
       Add to MySpace Add to Newsvine Add to Reddit Add to StumbleUpon Add
       to Technorati Add to Twitter
     * Links to Jane Austen Blogs
       Click here to enter the page. Topics include Regency fashion,
       historic foods, Jane Austen societies, British sites, related
       topics. Click on image.
     * Find Jane Austen on Google
     * This blog has no commercial purpose
       Any ads you see are placed here by Wordpress. I make no profit off
       my blog. I do receive books and DVDs for review.
     * Hello, my name is Vic and I live in Maryland, USA. I have adored
       Jane Austen almost all of my life. I am a proud lifetime member of
       the Jane Austen Society of North America. This blog is a personal
       blog written and edited by me. I do not accept any form of cash
       advertising, sponsorship, or paid topic insertions. However, I do
       accept and keep books, DVDs and CDs to review.
       Contributors to this blog include: Tony Grant and Rachel Dodge.
       If you would like to share a new site, or point out an error,
       please email me. (Yes, I am fallible. I'll own up to my mistakes
       and will make the corrections with a polite smile on my face.)
       Write me at
       gmailbw
       Thank you for visiting my blog. Your comments and suggestions are
       most welcome.
     * Copyright Statement
       © Vic Sanborn and Jane Austen's World, 2010. Unauthorized use
       and/or duplication of this material without express and written
       permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly
       prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and
       clear credit is given to Vic Sanborn and Jane Austen's World with
       appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
     * Page copy protected against web site content infringement by
       Copyscape
     * Recent Posts
          + Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
          + Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the
            Georgian Era
          + Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th, 2019 and a PBS station
            near you in 2020
          + Kisses and Embraces in Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice by
            Rachel Dodge
          + Only a Novel: The Double Life of Jane Austen by Jane Aiken
            Hodge: A Review
     * Agatha Christie A Walk With Jane Austen Bath Beau Brummell book
       giveaway Cassandra Austen celebrating pride and prejudice Charles
       Dickens Chawton Cottage Chawton House Christine Stewart Colin Firth
       Cookery Downton Abbey Downton Abbey Season 2 Downton Abbey Season 3
       Edwardian Country House Elizabeth Bennet embarking on a Course of
       Study Emma Emma 2009 Emma Woodhouse Georgette Heyer Georgette Heyer
       Book Reviews Glimpse of Jane Austen Holidays Humphry Repton jane
       austen Jane Austen's family Jane Austen's Novels Jane Austen's
       portrait Jane Austen's World jane austen blogs Jane Austen Book
       review Jane Austen Movies Jane Odiwe JASNA AGM 2012 Jonny Lee
       Miller Kate Beckinsale Laurie Viera Rigler Letter Writing in Jane
       Austen's Time Little Dorrit London London Calling Lori Smith Lost
       in Austen Masterpiece Classic Mr. Darcy PBS Jane Austen PBS
       Masterpiece Classic PBS Masterpiece Mystery! PBS Movie Adaptation
       PBS Movie Review Persuasion Pride and Prejudice Pride and Prejudice
       and Zombies Prince Regent Princess Charlotte Prinny Rachel Dodge
       Regency Bath Regency Dandy regency dress Regency Fashion Regency
       food Regency London Regency Servants Regency Transportation Romola
       Garai Sense & Sensibility 2008 SourceBooks The Complete Jane Austen
       Thomas Rowlandson Tony Grant Working class
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Ad Disclaimer
       Any ads that appear on this site were placed there by WordPress. I
       do not make money off this blog. WordPress keeps the revenue. - Vic
     * Geo Visitors Map Add to Technorati Favorites Cultural Blogs -
       BlogCatalog Blog Directory Blog Flux Local - Virginia
     * cool hit counter
     * The Animal Rescue Site
     * Archives
          + September 2019
          + August 2019
          + June 2019
          + May 2019
          + April 2019
          + March 2019
          + February 2019
          + January 2019
          + December 2018
          + November 2018
          + October 2018
          + September 2018
          + August 2018
          + June 2018
          + May 2018
          + April 2018
          + March 2018
          + February 2018
          + January 2018
          + December 2017
          + November 2017
          + October 2017
          + September 2017
          + July 2017
          + June 2017
          + May 2016
          + April 2016
          + March 2016
          + February 2016
          + January 2016
          + December 2015
          + November 2015
          + October 2015
          + May 2014
          + April 2014
          + March 2014
          + February 2014
          + January 2014
          + December 2013
          + November 2013
          + October 2013
          + July 2013
          + June 2013
          + May 2013
          + April 2013
          + March 2013
          + February 2013
          + January 2013
          + December 2012
          + November 2012
          + October 2012
          + September 2012
          + August 2012
          + July 2012
          + June 2012
          + May 2012
          + April 2012
          + March 2012
          + February 2012
          + January 2012
          + December 2011
          + November 2011
          + October 2011
          + September 2011
          + August 2011
          + July 2011
          + June 2011
          + May 2011
          + April 2011
          + March 2011
          + February 2011
          + January 2011
          + December 2010
          + November 2010
          + October 2010
          + September 2010
          + August 2010
          + July 2010
          + June 2010
          + May 2010
          + April 2010
          + March 2010
          + February 2010
          + January 2010
          + December 2009
          + November 2009
          + October 2009
          + September 2009
          + August 2009
          + July 2009
          + June 2009
          + May 2009
          + April 2009
          + March 2009
          + February 2009
          + January 2009
          + December 2008
          + November 2008
          + October 2008
          + September 2008
          + August 2008
          + July 2008
          + June 2008
          + May 2008
          + April 2008
          + March 2008
          + February 2008
          + January 2008
          + December 2007
          + November 2007
          + October 2007
          + September 2007
          + August 2007
          + July 2007
          + June 2007
          + May 2007
          + April 2007
          + March 2007
          + February 2007
          + January 2007
          + December 2006
          + November 2006
          + October 2006
          + September 2006
          + August 2006
     * Irresistible Attraction
       An online Regency novel in serialized form. Click here to read a
       new chapter of Irresistible Attraction each week, and follow the
       story of Amanda Sinclair and James Cavendish, the Earl of Downsley.
     * Follow Jane Austen's World on WordPress.com

   Blog at WordPress.com.

   WPThemes.


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   Cancel Reblog Post

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________
   loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   IFRAME: likes-master

   %d bloggers like this:
   #Jane Austen's World » Feed Jane Austen's World » Comments Feed Jane
   Austen's World » Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During
   the Georgian Era Comments Feed Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th,
   2019 and a PBS station near you in 2020 Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
   alternate alternate Jane Austen's World WordPress.com

     * Home
     * AV/E-Texts
     * History
     * Icons/Fansites
     * Links
     * Novels
     * Original Sources and 19th C. Texts
     * Podcasts
     * Social Customs During
     * Teacher/Student
     * Writer and Literature Resources

Jane Austen's World

This Jane Austen blog brings Jane Austen, her novels, and the Regency Period
alive through food, dress, social customs, and other 19th C. historical
details related to this topic.

   Feeds:
          Posts
          Comments

   « Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th, 2019 and a PBS station near you
   in 2020
   Pride and Prejudice: The Opera »

Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the Georgian Era

   August 22, 2019 by Vic

   In the past, this blog published several articles on hairstyles for men
   and women in the Regency era. This post discusses hairstyles in
   Georgian times. During a recent visit to the Walters Art Museum in
   Baltimore, I had the pleasure of examining a small, but excellent
   collection of Greco Roman statues and ancient artifacts. Strolling
   through several galleries, I took photographs of the hairstyles of the
   female figures.  The Walters Art Museum’s antiquities collection ranks
   among the top tier in North America (JSTOR). The images below are
   confined to the photographs I shot at the museum and the public domain
   portraits I found to compare them to.

A Change Towards the Neoclassical Ideal

   From the late 16^th century to the mid-19^th century (until train
   travel changed the nature of long-distance travel), young male British
   aristocrats embarked on a Grand Tour to the Continent for several
   months or years to round out their education. Accompanied by a teacher
   or guardian, they completed their knowledge of the classics, studied
   art, and enjoyed a life of leisure, luxury, and exotic (at times
   erotic) adventures.

   The itinerary included stays in France (Paris being a much sought after
   destination), The Netherlands, Switzerland, Germany, and, of course,
   Italy.  Rome remained the premier stop, but trips to Venice, Florence,
   Pompeii, and Greece were also prized. Travelers returned home with
   souvenirs, works of art to decorate their houses and gardens, and a
   thorough appreciation of the Neoclassical ideals of ancient Rome,
   Greece, and the near East, as well as the Renaissance principles of art
   and architecture.

Influence of Neoclassicism on Women’s Hairstyles and Fashion

   Transformation in women’s clothing and hair styles developed slowly
   during this period, but changed quickly between 1778 and 1793,
   influenced not only by the Grand Tours, but also in reaction to the
   French Revolution (1789-1799).  Even before the war, Marie Antoinette
   sought refuge from the extravagant dress at Versailles in her Hameau de
   la Reine, which was built for her on estate grounds.  Here she could
   enjoy a more natural environment than court life offered and dress
   “down” from elaborate corseted dresses and the over-the-top hair styles
   that were caricatured.
   Marie Antoinette in a chemise gown. 1783. Elisabeth Louise Vigée Le
   Brun. Wikimedia Commons

   Marie Antoinette, by Elisabeth Louise Vigée Le Brun, 1783. She is
   wearing a relatively loose and simple gaulle gown or chemise a la
   reine, made of muslin. Wikimedia image.

   Marie Antoinette, along with the ladies of her court, walked and
   relaxed in light-loosed dressed in the gardens, grounds, and working
   farm that surrounded the hamlet. To complement a more “natural” look
   and in keeping with the casual atmosphere, she and her female entourage
   wore straw bonnets and loosely curled hairstyles, which, for its time,
   were “simple.”

   The print below shows the old school reaction to the new styles. The
   Merveilleuses were instrumental in transforming fashion to the
   Neoclassical style during the the French Directorate (1795-1799) in the
   last four tumultuous years of the French Revolution.
   From Vernet's

   From Vernet’s “Incroyables et Merveilleuses” series, 1793. Public
   Domain image.

Comparisons of images of Greco Roman statues to contemporary Georgian
paintings

   As previously stated, this post contains the original images I took in
   the Walters Art Museum. The quoted text about the ancient statues is
   rewritten from the museum informational labels for each sculpture or
   relief.
   Portrait of Luise von Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Josef Grassi 1802
   Luise von Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Josef Grassi 1802. Charlottenbug
   Palace. Public Domain.
   Relief of Apollo and Artemis, ca 50 B.C.
   Relief of Apollo and Artemis, ca 50 B.C. Walters Museum of Art. Image
   taken by V. Sanborn.

   Right: Relief of Apollo and Artemis, ca 50 B.C. Walters Art Museum.
   Image by V. Sanborn. Left: Portrait of Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz,
   Queen of Prussia, 1802. Josef Grassi. Wikimedia Commons. Comment: The
   Queen of Prussia wears a diadem much like Artemis in the 50 B.C. relief
   panel. Differences in hairstyles are due to adaptations made by the
   Europeans, who were influenced by the ancients, but who did not
   slavishly copy the hairstyles and hair jewelry. Their adaptations
   were unique to their era.
   Detail, Maidens Playing "Knucklebones". Greek, late 4th or early 3rd
   century B.C., Walters Art Museum
   Detail, Maidens Playing “Knucklebones”. Greek, late 4th or early 3rd
   century B.C., Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Portrait of Harriet Melon by John Russel, 1804
   Harriet Melon by John Russel, 1804. Image from The Peerage.
   http://thepeerage.com/e8064.htm

   Left: Detail, Maidens Playing “Knucklebones”. Greek, late 4th or early
   3rd century B.C., Terracotta. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Right: Harriet Melon by John Russel, 1804. Image from The Peerage.
   Comment: One can see almost a direct correlation between these two
   hairstyles, centuries apart. The primary difference is in the soft
   curls framing the face and forehead in Harriet’s undo  In 1804, soft
   white muslin dresses, draped gently from a high waist, were all the
   style. Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet wore hairstyles in 1995’s Sense
   and Sensibility that were remarkably similar to the terracotta
   maiden’s, with touches of the ringlets popular in the early 19th
   century.
   Detail of leghorn bonnet, Mccord Museum, about 1810
   Detail of leghorn bonnet, Mccord Museum, about 1810. Creative commons
   image.
   Portrait of a Woman. Roman, Trajanic period, ca A.D. 10. Walters Art
   Museum
   Portrait of a Woman. Roman, Trajanic period, ca A.D. 10. Walters Art
   Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.

   Left: Bonnet, About 1810, 19th century, Gift of Mrs. C. Walsh © McCord
   Museum View the leghorn bonnet at this link. Right: Portrait of a
   Woman. Roman, Trajanic period, ca A.D. 10. Walters Art Museum. Image by
   V. Sanborn. Comment: I found no online examples that emulated this
   elaborate Roman hairstyle, but I loved how the leghorn bonnet echoes
   it. By 10 A,D., Roman women wore complicated hairstyles requiring daily
   maintenance by attendants. Wigs, hairpieces made from the hair of
   slaves, and padding kept in place with hair nets, pins, or combs, were
   used to create a sculptural “do.” (Hairstyles through the ages.)

   Portrait of Livia, Roman, Late Republican period, mid-late 30s B.C.
   Portrait of Livia, Roman, Late Republican period, mid-late 30s B.C.
   Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn
   Portrait of Louise, Queen of Prussia by Vigee Lebrun_ ,1801
   Louise, Queen of Prussia by Vigee Lebrun_ ,1801, Schloss
   Charlottenburg)

   Left: “This portrait of Livia was created not long after her marriage
   to Emperor Augustus…She…set a new fashion with her innovative nodus
   hairstyle, in which a section of hair is arranged in a roll over the
   forehead, while the rest of the hair is swept back in loose waves and
   secured in a bun at the nape of the neck.” (Text from the Walters Art
   Museum). Livia, Late Republican period, mid-late 30s B.C. Image by V.
   Sanborn. Right:  Louise, Queen of Prussia by Elizabeth Vigee Lebrun,
   1801, Schloss Charlottenburg. Public domain image Comment: Louise wears
   an adaptation of the nodus hairstyle. Hers is looser with curls framing
   her forehead and face. Her low bun is larger, looser, and curlier.

   Portrait of a Young Woman, Roman, ca. 50 B.C.
   Portrait of a Young Woman. Roman (Egypt?), late Republican period, ca.
   50 B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Portrait of a Young Woman. Roman (Egypt?), late Republican period, ca.
   50 B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Portrait of a Young Woman. Roman (Egypt?), late Republican period, ca.
   50 B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.

   An Embarrassing Proposal, Antoine Watteau , 1715-16,
   An Embarrassing Proposal, Antoine Watteau , 1715-16,
   English School Bonhams

   Top left and right: Portrait of a Young Woman. Roman (Egypt?), late
   Republican period, ca. 50 B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   “The realism of the young woman’s fleshy features and the detailed
   treatment of her elaborate hairstyle are typical of the late Republican
   period.” (Text from Walters Art Museum.) Bottom left: Detail of An
   Embarrassing Proposal, 1715-1716, Jean Antoine Watteu, Hermitage
   Museum. Bottom right: English School, A Lady, profile facing to the
   left, wearing pale lilac dress with white sleeves and coral
   necklace (early 19th Century), watercolour on card, , set in a red
   leather travelling case. Oval, 78mm (3in) high.Bonham’s. Comment: The
   lovely bust of the young Roman woman demonstrates a hairstyle that
   spans a hundred years between the early 18th and early 19th centuries.
   The Roman hairstyle reminded me of several Watteau paintings from the
   early 18th century. The lady at bottom right also wears a version
   similar to the Roman example, but is more complicated. In the Watteau
   painting, the ladies demonstrate three versions of a similar underlying
   style. In this instance, Greco Roman influence definitely made its
   appearance at the start of the Georgian era in England
   (1714-1830). French influence on English fashion is well known.

   Costume Parisiens 1815
   Standing Maiden. Greek (Tarentum, Italy) 3rd century B.C.. Terracotta
   with traces of paint and gilding.
   Standing Maiden. Greek (Tarentum, Italy) 3rd century B.C.. Terracotta
   with traces of paint and gilding. Walters Art Museum. Image by V.
   Sanborn

   Detail of an 1812 print

   Top right: Standing Maiden. Greek (Tarentum, Italy) 3rd century B.C..
   Terracotta with traces of paint and gilding. “…the draping of the
   fabric on top of the maiden’s high, ‘melon” hairstyle are typically
   South Italian.” (Quoted text from the Walters Art Museum.) Image by V.
   Sanborn. Top left: Fashion plate, Costume Parisiens, 1815. Bottom:
   Detail of an 1812 print. Comment: From the original model of a high
   melon hairstyle, one can see the inspiration for the hairstyles
   featured in the two prints. These early 19th century hairstyle
   adaptations don’t strictly follow the original example, but pay homage
   to it. In the fashion plate, one can observe the French empire custom
   of inserting flowers, ribbons, and hair jewelry. The two ladies busying
   themselves with needle work affect simpler hairstyles that echo the
   high “melon” look but that leave the bun loose and curling down the
   back of the head.

   Portrait of a young girl, Louis-Léopold Boilly. Date unknown.
   Portrait of a young girl, Louis-Léopold Boilly. Date unknown.
   Miniature of Portrait of young woman, bust, wearing a gray-brown dress.
   Reunion des Musees Nationaux-Grand Palais, Adele Laplatte,1809
   Portrait of young woman, bust, wearing a gray-brown dress, Adèle
   Laplatte (late 18th century-early 19th century) Paris, Louvre Museum,
   DAG

   Head of a Maiden With Lampadion Hairstyle. Greek, 3rd-2nd century.
   Marble B.C. Statue
   Head of a Maiden With Lampadion Hairstyle. Greek, 3rd-2nd century B.C.
   Dicaearchus (active about 320 -300 B.C.) a pupil of Aristotle’s,
   remarked that women described this hairstyle with topknot as the
   lampadion, or “little torch.” Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V.
   Sanborn.

   Right: Head of a Maiden With Lampadion Hairstyle. Greek, 3rd-2nd
   century B.C. “Dicaearchus (active about 320 -300 B.C.) a pupil of
   Aristotle’s, remarked that women described this hairstyle with topknot
   as the lampadion, or “little torch.” (Quoted text from the Walters Art
   Museum.) Image taken by V. Sanborn. Left: Portrait of a young girl,
   Louis-Léopold Boilly. Date unknown. Middle: Portrait of young woman,
   bust, wearing a gray-brown dress Laplatte Adèle (late 18th
   century-early 19th century) Paris, Louvre Museum, DAG. Comment: The
   Lampadian hairstyles as worn by the ladies in the two paintings,
   closely resemble the Greek example. Women still wear  this today,
   including me when I’m dressed casually.

   Portrait of Mrs Moffet, 1826, Sir Martin Archer Shee,
   Portrait of Mrs Moffet, 1826, Sir Martin Archer Shee, Walters Art
   Museum. Image by V. Sanborn.
   Terracotta Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek (South Italy), 3rd
   century B.C.
   Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek (South Italy), 3rd century B.C.
   Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V. Sanborn

   Terracotta Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek (South Italy), 3rd
   century B.C.
   Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek (South Italy), 3rd century B.C.
   Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V. Sanborn

   Princess_Louise_Radziwill_Hohenzollern,1802
   Miniature of Mrs Russell, John Smart. 1781

   Detail of Mrs John Gibson. Portrait by Jacob Eichholz, ca 1820

   Top right and middle: Terracotta Head of a Woman with Long Curls. Greek
   (South Italy), 3rd century B.C. Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V.
   Sanborn  Top left: Portrait of Mrs Moffet, 1826, Sir Martin Archer
   Shee, Walters Art Museum. Image by V. Sanborn. Lower left: Princess
   Louise of Prussia (Princess Antoni Henryk Radziwill),
   1802. Metropolitan Museum of Art, Public domain image. Lower middle:
   Miniature of Mrs Russell by John Smart. 1781. Christie’s. Lower right:
   Detail of Mrs John Gibson. Portrait by Jacob Eichholz, ca 1820.
   Sotheby’s. Comment: This hairstyle is personally one of my favorites. I
   used to wear a version of it when I had long straight hair. I’d pull a
   ponytail to the side and let my hair fall over my shoulder. Mrs. Moffet
   has the closest proximation to the terracotta head, but the other
   variations are equally lovely and span decades if not centuries.

   Head of a Satyr, 2nd century A.D. Roman copy after a Hellenistic Greek
   original.
   Head of a Satyr, 2nd century A.D. Roman copy after a Hellenistic Greek
   original. Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V. Sanborn
   Mrs. Fox,ca. 1805. By Benjamin Trott, American
   Mrs. Fox,ca. 1805. Benjamin Trott, American. Metropolitan Museum of
   Art. Public Domain image.

   Portrait of Lady Caroline Lamb, circa 1805, Sir Thomas Lawrence

   Top left: Head of a Satyr, 2nd century A.D. Roman copy after a
   Hellenistic Greek original. Walters Art Museum. Image taken by V.
   Sanborn. Top right: Mrs. Fox,ca. 1805. Benjamin Trott, American.
   Metropolitan Museum of Art. Public Domain image. Below:  Portrait of
   Lady Caroline Lamb, ca. 1805, Sir Thomas Lawrence. Wikimedia
   Commons. Comment: Lady Caroline Lamb, Lord Byron’s mistress, was known
   for her eccentric often manic ways and short curly hair. Mrs. Fox
   sports a “do” similar to the Satyr’s. Children, both boys and girls,
   sported this attractive style during the latter part of the 18th C. and
   early years of the 19th century.

   Silhouette of Jane Austen
   Silhouette of Cassandra Austen as a young woman. (1773-1845), sister of
   Jane Austen

   Silhouettes of Jane Austen (left) and her sister, Cassandra (right), as
   young women. Wikipedia. Below sits my Pinterest board entitled Regency
   hairstyles. You might have fun finding images that resemble the
   hairstyles by the Greco Roman statues or by the two Austen women!

    Sources:

   Sorabella, Jean. “The Grand Tour.” In Heilbrunn Timeline of Art
   History. New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2000-,
   http://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/grtr/hd_grtr.htm (October 2003)

   Cadeau, Carmen. “Women’s Fashion During and After the French Revolution
   (1790 to 1810),” All About Canadian History…Except not really. More
   like bits an pieces. Retrieved  8/14/2019:
   https://cdnhistorybits.wordpress.com/2016/01/19/womens-fashion-during-a
   nd-after-the-french-revolution-1790-to-1810/ (January 2016)

   Victoria and Albert Museum. “Style Guide: Regency Classicism.”
   Retrieved 8/22/2019:
   http://www.vam.ac.uk/content/articles/s/style-guide-regency-classicism/

   Batman, E. (2004). The New Galleries of Ancient Art at the Walters Art
   Museum, Baltimore. American Journal of Archaeology, 108(1), 79-86.
   Retrieved from http://www.jstor.org/stable/40024677

   The Scandal of Marie Antoinette’s Gown,  Meghan Masterson, Meghan
   Masterson blog. Retrieved 8/22/2019 from
   https://meghanmastersonauthor.com/the-scandal-of-marie-antoinettes-gown
   s/

   Hairstyles Through the Ages, Crystalinks, History. Retrieved 8/22/2019
   from https://www.crystalinks.com/hair.history.html

   Warnock, R. (1942). Boswell on the Grand Tour. Studies in
   Philology, 39(4), 650-661. Retrieved from
   http://www.jstor.org/stable/4172592

Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

Related

   Posted in 18th Century England, 18th Century France, 19th Century
   England, 19th Century France, Georgian hairstyles, jane austen, Jane
   Austen's World, Sanditon, Sea bathing during the Regency era | Tagged
   Greco Roman influences, The Grand Tour | 12 Comments

  12 Responses

    1. on August 24, 2019 at 10:36 Anne Erickson
       Thanks much for this delightful look back on a timeless topic-great
       accompaniment for a leisurely Saturday morning cappuccino on the
       back deck with the squirrel.
       I favor the ‘melon’ style- having worn a high set ponytail which
       can be wound and pinned for evening use. It’s been economical but
       reassuring to know that it has historical roots. Now to find out
       how to make those curls.
          + on August 25, 2019 at 20:53 Vic
            I wear the melon style at home on weekends when cleaning the
            house or doing yard work. It is so easy to maintain while
            looking halfway decent.
    2. on August 24, 2019 at 10:49 Patty
       Vic, there are more recent Roman inspired nodus styles from the
       1930s, and oh so chic.
       As to Pompeii and the Roman hair revival the impetus came first in
       1748 when a peasant digging in his vineyard discovered what he
       thought was Herculaneum but it turned out to be Pompeii. So it was
       the Grand Tours combined with archeological artifacts surfacing
       during subsequent digs that pushed revivals of classicism.
          + on August 25, 2019 at 20:48 Vic
            Good to know, Patty. I confined my comparisons to the Georgian
            era, but I love the idea that the continuum of influence
            included the 1930’s.
    3. on August 24, 2019 at 16:26 Lucretia Lee
       What a great article. You have a wonderful eye, and I commend your
       energy at digging up all the shown examples. Thank you so much!
       Were young women consciously looking for historical models? Or were
       they (which seems to me more likely) following one or more style
       leaders?
       Anyhow, they found a charming mode in which to present themselves…
          + on August 25, 2019 at 20:50 Vic
            The style leaders for the British tended to be the French. The
            artifacts the young male travelers brought with them from the
            Grand Tour also added to the adaptations.
    4. on August 24, 2019 at 22:57 robhban
       Fascinating article, not just about the Regency period – I had
       never seen a picture of a Roman lady’s hat before!
          + on August 25, 2019 at 20:52 Vic
            I’m afraid the comparison to the leghorn bonnet was my idea.
            The bust of the Roman lady showed her elaborate hairstyle,
            which was probably propped up with hairpieces, padding, and
            netting.
    5. on August 25, 2019 at 01:22 Lynne
       Gosh, Vic – I never thought of the similarities between the two
       eras until now. Your examples are great and the hairstyles vary
       from way to complex to wonderfully relaxed and feminine. Thanks for
       a most interesting post.
          + on August 25, 2019 at 20:52 Vic
            Thank you!
    6. on August 25, 2019 at 03:03 Jazmin
       Well done, Vic, for your highly informative and entertaining blog.
       Your own photos of Greco-Roman and Georgian hairstyles are superb.
          + on August 25, 2019 at 20:54 Vic
            Thank you. It was fun to make decisions about which statues to
            feature.

   Comments are closed.

     * Email Subscription
       Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
       notifications of new posts by email.
       Join 6,433 other followers
       ____________________
       (BUTTON) Sign me up!
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Notice: Comments
       Due to SPAMMERS, I will no longer accept comments on posts that I
       published over 30 days ago. In some instances, I will remove links
       from comments as well.
       I regret having to take this action.
     * Blog Stats
          + 13,473,898 hits
     * Pin It!
       Follow Me on Pinterest
     * Free podcasts of a Novel by a Jane Austen Contemporary, Mrs. A.
       Kendall
       icon-pod-final
       Intro to The Lady’s Magazine and Derwent Priory, Or Memoirs of an
       Orphan, in a Series of Letters by Mrs A. Kendall, from the Lady’s
       Magazine of 1796 -97. Click on the following link  narrated by Ms.
       Greenfield to listen to the podcasts.
       Narrated by Deborah Greenfield (click on this link to access the
       site).
       This is a serialized free audiobook of Derwent Priory, a romantic
       novel from 1796 by a Mrs A. Kendall, a contemporary of Jane Austen.
       It first appeared in an important periodical of the day, The Lady’s
       Magazine, which was instrumental in encouraging women to write,
       including Jane Austen, and later Charlotte Bronte. The podcast also
       explores other Lady’s Magazine material and episodes appear every
       Tuesday. Several are already up and episode 6 is followed by an
       interview with Lady’s Magazine and Jane Austen expert Dr Jennie
       Batchelor from Kent University.
       Note: Once Derwent Priory is complete, it will be published as an
       audiobook, and the podcast will go on hiatus.
          + It’s also on Itunes/ Apple Podcasts,
          + A synopsis on the Amazon site (original source, the Huntington
            Library).
     * The Obituary of Charlotte Collins by Andrew Capes
       Click on image to read the story.
     * Top Posts
          + Highclere Castle Floor Plan: The Real Downton Abbey
            Highclere Castle Floor Plan: The Real Downton Abbey
          + Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
            Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
          + Public Bathing in Bath: Georgian Style
            Public Bathing in Bath: Georgian Style
          + Social Customs During
            Social Customs During
          + The Servant's Quarters in 19th Century Country Houses Like
            Downton Abbey
            The Servant's Quarters in 19th Century Country Houses Like
            Downton Abbey
          + Downstairs in Downton Abbey: The Servants
            Downstairs in Downton Abbey: The Servants
          + You can watch Persuasion 2007 online
            You can watch Persuasion 2007 online
          + Upstairs in Downton Abbey: The Three Crawley Sisters
            Upstairs in Downton Abbey: The Three Crawley Sisters
          + Men's hair styles at the turn of the 19th century
            Men's hair styles at the turn of the 19th century
          + Regency Hygiene: The Bourdaloue
            Regency Hygiene: The Bourdaloue
     * Downton Abbey Reviews
       Banner
       Click here to enter the page with the reviews.
     * Bookmark
       Add to Delicious Add to Digg Add to FaceBook Add to Google Bookmark
       Add to MySpace Add to Newsvine Add to Reddit Add to StumbleUpon Add
       to Technorati Add to Twitter
     * Links to Jane Austen Blogs
       Click here to enter the page. Topics include Regency fashion,
       historic foods, Jane Austen societies, British sites, related
       topics. Click on image.
     * Find Jane Austen on Google
     * This blog has no commercial purpose
       Any ads you see are placed here by Wordpress. I make no profit off
       my blog. I do receive books and DVDs for review.
     * Hello, my name is Vic and I live in Maryland, USA. I have adored
       Jane Austen almost all of my life. I am a proud lifetime member of
       the Jane Austen Society of North America. This blog is a personal
       blog written and edited by me. I do not accept any form of cash
       advertising, sponsorship, or paid topic insertions. However, I do
       accept and keep books, DVDs and CDs to review.
       Contributors to this blog include: Tony Grant and Rachel Dodge.
       If you would like to share a new site, or point out an error,
       please email me. (Yes, I am fallible. I'll own up to my mistakes
       and will make the corrections with a polite smile on my face.)
       Write me at
       gmailbw
       Thank you for visiting my blog. Your comments and suggestions are
       most welcome.
     * Copyright Statement
       © Vic Sanborn and Jane Austen's World, 2010. Unauthorized use
       and/or duplication of this material without express and written
       permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly
       prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and
       clear credit is given to Vic Sanborn and Jane Austen's World with
       appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
     * Page copy protected against web site content infringement by
       Copyscape
     * Recent Posts
          + Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
          + Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the
            Georgian Era
          + Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th, 2019 and a PBS station
            near you in 2020
          + Kisses and Embraces in Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice by
            Rachel Dodge
          + Only a Novel: The Double Life of Jane Austen by Jane Aiken
            Hodge: A Review
     * Agatha Christie A Walk With Jane Austen Bath Beau Brummell book
       giveaway Cassandra Austen celebrating pride and prejudice Charles
       Dickens Chawton Cottage Chawton House Christine Stewart Colin Firth
       Cookery Downton Abbey Downton Abbey Season 2 Downton Abbey Season 3
       Edwardian Country House Elizabeth Bennet embarking on a Course of
       Study Emma Emma 2009 Emma Woodhouse Georgette Heyer Georgette Heyer
       Book Reviews Glimpse of Jane Austen Holidays Humphry Repton jane
       austen Jane Austen's family Jane Austen's Novels Jane Austen's
       portrait Jane Austen's World jane austen blogs Jane Austen Book
       review Jane Austen Movies Jane Odiwe JASNA AGM 2012 Jonny Lee
       Miller Kate Beckinsale Laurie Viera Rigler Letter Writing in Jane
       Austen's Time Little Dorrit London London Calling Lori Smith Lost
       in Austen Masterpiece Classic Mr. Darcy PBS Jane Austen PBS
       Masterpiece Classic PBS Masterpiece Mystery! PBS Movie Adaptation
       PBS Movie Review Persuasion Pride and Prejudice Pride and Prejudice
       and Zombies Prince Regent Princess Charlotte Prinny Rachel Dodge
       Regency Bath Regency Dandy regency dress Regency Fashion Regency
       food Regency London Regency Servants Regency Transportation Romola
       Garai Sense & Sensibility 2008 SourceBooks The Complete Jane Austen
       Thomas Rowlandson Tony Grant Working class
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Ad Disclaimer
       Any ads that appear on this site were placed there by WordPress. I
       do not make money off this blog. WordPress keeps the revenue. - Vic
     * Geo Visitors Map Add to Technorati Favorites Cultural Blogs -
       BlogCatalog Blog Directory Blog Flux Local - Virginia
     * cool hit counter
     * The Animal Rescue Site
     * Archives
          + September 2019
          + August 2019
          + June 2019
          + May 2019
          + April 2019
          + March 2019
          + February 2019
          + January 2019
          + December 2018
          + November 2018
          + October 2018
          + September 2018
          + August 2018
          + June 2018
          + May 2018
          + April 2018
          + March 2018
          + February 2018
          + January 2018
          + December 2017
          + November 2017
          + October 2017
          + September 2017
          + July 2017
          + June 2017
          + May 2016
          + April 2016
          + March 2016
          + February 2016
          + January 2016
          + December 2015
          + November 2015
          + October 2015
          + May 2014
          + April 2014
          + March 2014
          + February 2014
          + January 2014
          + December 2013
          + November 2013
          + October 2013
          + July 2013
          + June 2013
          + May 2013
          + April 2013
          + March 2013
          + February 2013
          + January 2013
          + December 2012
          + November 2012
          + October 2012
          + September 2012
          + August 2012
          + July 2012
          + June 2012
          + May 2012
          + April 2012
          + March 2012
          + February 2012
          + January 2012
          + December 2011
          + November 2011
          + October 2011
          + September 2011
          + August 2011
          + July 2011
          + June 2011
          + May 2011
          + April 2011
          + March 2011
          + February 2011
          + January 2011
          + December 2010
          + November 2010
          + October 2010
          + September 2010
          + August 2010
          + July 2010
          + June 2010
          + May 2010
          + April 2010
          + March 2010
          + February 2010
          + January 2010
          + December 2009
          + November 2009
          + October 2009
          + September 2009
          + August 2009
          + July 2009
          + June 2009
          + May 2009
          + April 2009
          + March 2009
          + February 2009
          + January 2009
          + December 2008
          + November 2008
          + October 2008
          + September 2008
          + August 2008
          + July 2008
          + June 2008
          + May 2008
          + April 2008
          + March 2008
          + February 2008
          + January 2008
          + December 2007
          + November 2007
          + October 2007
          + September 2007
          + August 2007
          + July 2007
          + June 2007
          + May 2007
          + April 2007
          + March 2007
          + February 2007
          + January 2007
          + December 2006
          + November 2006
          + October 2006
          + September 2006
          + August 2006
     * Irresistible Attraction
       An online Regency novel in serialized form. Click here to read a
       new chapter of Irresistible Attraction each week, and follow the
       story of Amanda Sinclair and James Cavendish, the Earl of Downsley.
     * Follow Jane Austen's World on WordPress.com

   Blog at WordPress.com.

   WPThemes.


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   Cancel Reblog Post

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________
   loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   IFRAME: likes-master

   %d bloggers like this:
   #Jane Austen's World » Feed Jane Austen's World » Comments Feed Jane
   Austen's World » Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th, 2019 and a PBS
   station near you in 2020 Comments Feed Kisses and Embraces in Jane
   Austen’s Pride and Prejudice by Rachel Dodge Greco Roman Influences on
   Women’s Hairstyles During the Georgian Era alternate alternate Jane
   Austen's World WordPress.com

     * Home
     * AV/E-Texts
     * History
     * Icons/Fansites
     * Links
     * Novels
     * Original Sources and 19th C. Texts
     * Podcasts
     * Social Customs During
     * Teacher/Student
     * Writer and Literature Resources

Jane Austen's World

This Jane Austen blog brings Jane Austen, her novels, and the Regency Period
alive through food, dress, social customs, and other 19th C. historical
details related to this topic.

   Feeds:
          Posts
          Comments

   « Kisses and Embraces in Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice by
   Rachel Dodge
   Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the Georgian Era »

Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th, 2019 and a PBS station near you in 2020

   August 22, 2019 by Vic

   Inquiring readers, It is confirmed!! Sanditon, Jane Austen’s last
   unfinished fragment of a novel has been adapted for television as an
   8-episode mini-series by Andrew Davies, who adapted 1995’s Pride and
   Prejudice for the small screen. Mr. Davies uses his talents and
   knowledge of Jane Austen and British history to finish the novel that
   Jane laid aside months before her death. The mini-series includes nude
   bathing (an historically accurate touch) and, to paraphrase Mr. Davies,
   is somewhat “sexed up.” (Town and Country Magazine.)

   British audiences: Sanditon begins on ITV on Sunday 25th August 2019 at
   9pm for 8 episodes.

   U.S. audiences: The PBS Masterpiece Sanditon will air some time in
   2020. Look for announcements later.

   What is Sanditon? According to Oxford World Classics…”Jane Austen
   writes what may well be the first seaside novel: a novel, that is, that
   explores the mysterious and startling transformation that a stay by the
   sea can work on individuals and relationships.”

     …”In this, her final, unfinished work, the writer sets aside her
     familiar subject matter, the country village with its settled
     community, for the transient and and eccentric assortment of people
     who drift to the new resort, the town built upon sand.”

   Read about the novel, newly released by Oxford World’s Classics and
   edited by Kathryn Sutherlund at this link. Look for my review of the
   unfinished novel soon.

   Tony Grant, a frequent contributor to this blog, has written a post in
   anticipation of the series:  SANDITON ( an unfinished novel by Jane
   Austen) is coming to our screens. What might we see?

   View the trailer below:

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/Zw_07wL5N1A?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide
   =2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&wmode=transparent

   Sanditon: First Look on PBS Masterpiece: Click here

   Sanditon on ITV: Click here

   Additional Sanditon information:
   www.Sanditon.info
   www.SanditonProductions.com



Share with others:

     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

Related

   Posted in ITV, Jane Austen Novels, Jane Austen's World, PBS Movie
   Adaptation, Sanditon, Sea bathing during the Regency era | 8 Comments

8 Responses

    1. on August 22, 2019 at 10:13 eileen chisari
       VERY EXCITING!!!!!
    2. on August 22, 2019 at 10:48 Abigail McCoy
       I hope you mean 2020, and not 2010. :)
          + on August 22, 2019 at 12:18 Vic
            Drat. I thought I caught it. :)
    3. on August 22, 2019 at 13:34 Patty
       Vic, this is good news but is the soundtrack really going to be so
       jarring and inappropriate? Jane’s words are modern enough.
          + on August 22, 2019 at 13:57 Vic
            I hope not. There have been many complaints about the
            soundtrack on the YouTube video.
    4. on August 22, 2019 at 15:25 dholcomb1
       looking forward to the release
       denise
    5. on August 22, 2019 at 16:29 sophy0075
       Oh no. “Sexed up.” And her father has a beard. I fear the BBC
       writers are rewriting history and culture. Sigh. I just hope Miss
       Jane doesn’t spin in her grave.
    6. on August 22, 2019 at 16:41 Linda Hube
       Regarding Masterpiece’s Sanditon – do they really need a pop song
       as music background? Couldn’t they have modernized the music (if
       they must) with just a little more subtlety? I don’t see that it is
       required for a modern audience to stay interested, unless they are
       expecting CD or streaming sales. But then, I’m an oldie myself. I
       can always turn off the volume control.

   Comments are closed.

     * Email Subscription
       Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
       notifications of new posts by email.
       Join 6,433 other followers
       ____________________
       (BUTTON) Sign me up!
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Notice: Comments
       Due to SPAMMERS, I will no longer accept comments on posts that I
       published over 30 days ago. In some instances, I will remove links
       from comments as well.
       I regret having to take this action.
     * Blog Stats
          + 13,473,898 hits
     * Pin It!
       Follow Me on Pinterest
     * Free podcasts of a Novel by a Jane Austen Contemporary, Mrs. A.
       Kendall
       icon-pod-final
       Intro to The Lady’s Magazine and Derwent Priory, Or Memoirs of an
       Orphan, in a Series of Letters by Mrs A. Kendall, from the Lady’s
       Magazine of 1796 -97. Click on the following link  narrated by Ms.
       Greenfield to listen to the podcasts.
       Narrated by Deborah Greenfield (click on this link to access the
       site).
       This is a serialized free audiobook of Derwent Priory, a romantic
       novel from 1796 by a Mrs A. Kendall, a contemporary of Jane Austen.
       It first appeared in an important periodical of the day, The Lady’s
       Magazine, which was instrumental in encouraging women to write,
       including Jane Austen, and later Charlotte Bronte. The podcast also
       explores other Lady’s Magazine material and episodes appear every
       Tuesday. Several are already up and episode 6 is followed by an
       interview with Lady’s Magazine and Jane Austen expert Dr Jennie
       Batchelor from Kent University.
       Note: Once Derwent Priory is complete, it will be published as an
       audiobook, and the podcast will go on hiatus.
          + It’s also on Itunes/ Apple Podcasts,
          + A synopsis on the Amazon site (original source, the Huntington
            Library).
     * The Obituary of Charlotte Collins by Andrew Capes
       Click on image to read the story.
     * Top Posts
          + Highclere Castle Floor Plan: The Real Downton Abbey
            Highclere Castle Floor Plan: The Real Downton Abbey
          + Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
            Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
          + Public Bathing in Bath: Georgian Style
            Public Bathing in Bath: Georgian Style
          + Social Customs During
            Social Customs During
          + The Servant's Quarters in 19th Century Country Houses Like
            Downton Abbey
            The Servant's Quarters in 19th Century Country Houses Like
            Downton Abbey
          + Downstairs in Downton Abbey: The Servants
            Downstairs in Downton Abbey: The Servants
          + You can watch Persuasion 2007 online
            You can watch Persuasion 2007 online
          + Upstairs in Downton Abbey: The Three Crawley Sisters
            Upstairs in Downton Abbey: The Three Crawley Sisters
          + Men's hair styles at the turn of the 19th century
            Men's hair styles at the turn of the 19th century
          + Regency Hygiene: The Bourdaloue
            Regency Hygiene: The Bourdaloue
     * Downton Abbey Reviews
       Banner
       Click here to enter the page with the reviews.
     * Bookmark
       Add to Delicious Add to Digg Add to FaceBook Add to Google Bookmark
       Add to MySpace Add to Newsvine Add to Reddit Add to StumbleUpon Add
       to Technorati Add to Twitter
     * Links to Jane Austen Blogs
       Click here to enter the page. Topics include Regency fashion,
       historic foods, Jane Austen societies, British sites, related
       topics. Click on image.
     * Find Jane Austen on Google
     * This blog has no commercial purpose
       Any ads you see are placed here by Wordpress. I make no profit off
       my blog. I do receive books and DVDs for review.
     * Hello, my name is Vic and I live in Maryland, USA. I have adored
       Jane Austen almost all of my life. I am a proud lifetime member of
       the Jane Austen Society of North America. This blog is a personal
       blog written and edited by me. I do not accept any form of cash
       advertising, sponsorship, or paid topic insertions. However, I do
       accept and keep books, DVDs and CDs to review.
       Contributors to this blog include: Tony Grant and Rachel Dodge.
       If you would like to share a new site, or point out an error,
       please email me. (Yes, I am fallible. I'll own up to my mistakes
       and will make the corrections with a polite smile on my face.)
       Write me at
       gmailbw
       Thank you for visiting my blog. Your comments and suggestions are
       most welcome.
     * Copyright Statement
       © Vic Sanborn and Jane Austen's World, 2010. Unauthorized use
       and/or duplication of this material without express and written
       permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly
       prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and
       clear credit is given to Vic Sanborn and Jane Austen's World with
       appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
     * Page copy protected against web site content infringement by
       Copyscape
     * Recent Posts
          + Pride and Prejudice: The Opera
          + Greco Roman Influences on Women’s Hairstyles During the
            Georgian Era
          + Sanditon: Coming to ITV August 25th, 2019 and a PBS station
            near you in 2020
          + Kisses and Embraces in Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice by
            Rachel Dodge
          + Only a Novel: The Double Life of Jane Austen by Jane Aiken
            Hodge: A Review
     * Agatha Christie A Walk With Jane Austen Bath Beau Brummell book
       giveaway Cassandra Austen celebrating pride and prejudice Charles
       Dickens Chawton Cottage Chawton House Christine Stewart Colin Firth
       Cookery Downton Abbey Downton Abbey Season 2 Downton Abbey Season 3
       Edwardian Country House Elizabeth Bennet embarking on a Course of
       Study Emma Emma 2009 Emma Woodhouse Georgette Heyer Georgette Heyer
       Book Reviews Glimpse of Jane Austen Holidays Humphry Repton jane
       austen Jane Austen's family Jane Austen's Novels Jane Austen's
       portrait Jane Austen's World jane austen blogs Jane Austen Book
       review Jane Austen Movies Jane Odiwe JASNA AGM 2012 Jonny Lee
       Miller Kate Beckinsale Laurie Viera Rigler Letter Writing in Jane
       Austen's Time Little Dorrit London London Calling Lori Smith Lost
       in Austen Masterpiece Classic Mr. Darcy PBS Jane Austen PBS
       Masterpiece Classic PBS Masterpiece Mystery! PBS Movie Adaptation
       PBS Movie Review Persuasion Pride and Prejudice Pride and Prejudice
       and Zombies Prince Regent Princess Charlotte Prinny Rachel Dodge
       Regency Bath Regency Dandy regency dress Regency Fashion Regency
       food Regency London Regency Servants Regency Transportation Romola
       Garai Sense & Sensibility 2008 SourceBooks The Complete Jane Austen
       Thomas Rowlandson Tony Grant Working class
     * Search for: ____________________ Search
     * Ad Disclaimer
       Any ads that appear on this site were placed there by WordPress. I
       do not make money off this blog. WordPress keeps the revenue. - Vic
     * Geo Visitors Map Add to Technorati Favorites Cultural Blogs -
       BlogCatalog Blog Directory Blog Flux Local - Virginia
     * cool hit counter
     * The Animal Rescue Site
     * Archives
          + September 2019
          + August 2019
          + June 2019
          + May 2019
          + April 2019
          + March 2019
          + February 2019
          + January 2019
          + December 2018
          + November 2018
          + October 2018
          + September 2018
          + August 2018
          + June 2018
          + May 2018
          + April 2018
          + March 2018
          + February 2018
          + January 2018
          + December 2017
          + November 2017
          + October 2017
          + September 2017
          + July 2017
          + June 2017
          + May 2016
          + April 2016
          + March 2016
          + February 2016
          + January 2016
          + December 2015
          + November 2015
          + October 2015
          + May 2014
          + April 2014
          + March 2014
          + February 2014
          + January 2014
          + December 2013
          + November 2013
          + October 2013
          + July 2013
          + June 2013
          + May 2013
          + April 2013
          + March 2013
          + February 2013
          + January 2013
          + December 2012
          + November 2012
          + October 2012
          + September 2012
          + August 2012
          + July 2012
          + June 2012
          + May 2012
          + April 2012
          + March 2012
          + February 2012
          + January 2012
          + December 2011
          + November 2011
          + October 2011
          + September 2011
          + August 2011
          + July 2011
          + June 2011
          + May 2011
          + April 2011
          + March 2011
          + February 2011
          + January 2011
          + December 2010
          + November 2010
          + October 2010
          + September 2010
          + August 2010
          + July 2010
          + June 2010
          + May 2010
          + April 2010
          + March 2010
          + February 2010
          + January 2010
          + December 2009
          + November 2009
          + October 2009
          + September 2009
          + August 2009
          + July 2009
          + June 2009
          + May 2009
          + April 2009
          + March 2009
          + February 2009
          + January 2009
          + December 2008
          + November 2008
          + October 2008
          + September 2008
          + August 2008
          + July 2008
          + June 2008
          + May 2008
          + April 2008
          + March 2008
          + February 2008
          + January 2008
          + December 2007
          + November 2007
          + October 2007
          + September 2007
          + August 2007
          + July 2007
          + June 2007
          + May 2007
          + April 2007
          + March 2007
          + February 2007
          + January 2007
          + December 2006
          + November 2006
          + October 2006
          + September 2006
          + August 2006
     * Irresistible Attraction
       An online Regency novel in serialized form. Click here to read a
       new chapter of Irresistible Attraction each week, and follow the
       story of Amanda Sinclair and James Cavendish, the Earl of Downsley.
     * Follow Jane Austen's World on WordPress.com

   Blog at WordPress.com.

   WPThemes.

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________
   loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   IFRAME: likes-master

   %d bloggers like this:
