   #next Mildly Meandering » Feed Mildly Meandering » Comments Feed

     * Skip to primary navigation
     * Skip to main content
     * Skip to primary sidebar

Mildly Meandering

     * Home
     * Recipe Index
          + Appetizer
               o Dips
          + Baking
          + Breakfast
          + Dessert
          + Dinner
          + Drinks
          + International Recipes
               o British Recipe Collection
               o French Recipe Collection
               o German Recipe Collection
               o Italian Recipe Collection
               o Japanese Recipe Collection
          + Sauces and Spreads
          + Sides
          + Slow Cooker
          + Snacks
     * Contact
     * Policies
     * Search ____________________ Search

English Singing Hinnies (Griddle Scones)

   September 30, 2019 by madi Leave a Comment

   English Singing Hinnies (Griddle Scones) – A delicious breakfast treat!
   A scone-like dough grilled on a skillet until golden brown and crispy!

   English Singing Hinnies English Singing Hinnies

English Singing Hinnies (Griddle Scones)

   There is nothing I love more than having breakfast for dinner.  I am
   not someone who ever makes homemade breakfast foods in the morning
   because I would much rather be asleep or relaxing than working in the
   kitchen.  But if it’s 5 PM, than I am totally on board to make
   breakfast food.

   For this round of making breakfast for dinner, I wanted to give an
   English recipe a try with an intriguing name – singing hinnies.  Yup.
   That’s the name.  It’s kind of amazing.  What I was most excited about
   was the fact that they are basically a grilled scone.  Made with
   basically the same list of ingredients as any other scone recipe and
   the same method of preparing them, they were bound to be amazing.

   The only addition to them that might be different from other scone
   recipes is there is a bit of lemon zest and dried fruit.  You can use
   whichever dried fruit you prefer such as raisins, dried cherries, dried
   cranberries, sultanas, etc but I went with a dried currant (available
   at most major grocery stores in America or online) because they seem to
   fit with just about any British recipe and I like how small they are,
   they add a great texture.

   Singing Hinny Singing Hinny

Common questions about making singing hinnies

What is the difference between lard and butter?

   The difference between lard and butter is that lard is made from pig
   fat and butter is a dairy product.

What is the difference between welsh cakes and singing hinnies?

   Both have very similar ingredients and methods of making them but welsh
   cakes have some kind of sweetener such as honey in the dough while
   singing hinnies get their sweetness just from the dried fruit.

How can I serve a singing hinny?

   You can serve a singing hinny topped with butter, honey, or a dusting
   of powdered sugar.

   Singing Hinny Recipe Singing Hinny Recipe

Can’t get enough of this singing hinny recipe? Try these other recipes!

     * Buttermilk Scones
     * Hot Cross Buns
     * Lemon Poppyseed Scones
     * English Muffins

   British Recipe British Recipe

   Yield: 12 Servings

English Singing Hinnies (Griddle Scones)

   English Singing Hinnies (Griddle Scones) English Singing Hinnies
   (Griddle Scones)
   (BUTTON) Print

   English Singing Hinnies (Griddle Scones) - A delicious breakfast treat!
   A scone-like dough grilled on a skillet until golden brown and crispy.
   Prep Time 15 minutes
   Cook Time 20 minutes
   Total Time 35 minutes

Ingredients

     * 2 cups all-purpose flour
     * 1/4 teaspoon baking soda
     * 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
     * Pinch of salt
     * 4 oz unsalted butter (1 stick, cold)
     * 4 oz lard (or a second stick of unsalted butter, cold)
     * 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest
     * 1 cup dried raisins or currants
     * 4-6 tablespoons milk

Instructions

    1. In a large mixing bowl, mix together all-purpose flour, baking
       soda, cream of tartar, and salt. Add in butter and lard and cut it
       into the dry ingredients using a pastry cutter or two knives.
       Alternatively, combine in a food processor and pulse until the
       butter and dry ingredients have turned into a sandy consistency.
    2. Add in lemon zest and dried fruit. Slowly add in milk until the
       dough comes together. If you are struggling to get your dough to
       come together, toss in into a stand mixer and mix on low until it
       comes together.
    3. Roll your dough out onto a lightly floured surface until it is
       about 1/4"-1/3" thick. Cut it into circles using a 2" circular
       cutter or using a small bowl and a sharp knife to cut around the
       bowl.
    4. Bring a skillet or griddle up to medium heat. Smear a bit of butter
       on both sides of the singing hinnies and then place them on the
       skillet for about 4-5 minutes, depending on how hot the skillet
       gets. Once the bottom is golden, flip it over and continue to cook
       for another 4-5 minutes or until that side is also golden.
    5. Serve hot with a bit of butter or a dusting of powdered sugar.

Recommended Products

     * McCormick Gourmet All Natural Cream Of Tartar, 2.62 oz McCormick
       Gourmet All Natural Cream Of Tartar, 2.62 oz
       McCormick Gourmet All Natural Cream Of Tartar, 2.62 oz
     * Sun Maid Zante Currants, No Sugar Added, 10 oz (Pack of 1) Sun Maid
       Zante Currants, No Sugar Added, 10 oz (Pack of 1)
       Sun Maid Zante Currants, No Sugar Added, 10 oz (Pack of 1)
     * Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Skillet 2-Piece Set (10-Inch and 12-Inch)
       Oven Safe Cookware - 2 Heat-Resistant Holders - Indoor and Outdoor
       Use - Grill, Stovetop, Induction Safe Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron
       Skillet 2-Piece Set (10-Inch and 12-Inch) Oven Safe Cookware - 2
       Heat-Resistant Holders - Indoor and Outdoor Use - Grill, Stovetop,
       Induction Safe
       Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Skillet 2-Piece Set (10-Inch and 12-Inch)
       Oven Safe Cookware - 2 Heat-Resistant Holders - Indoor and Outdoor
       Use - Grill, Stovetop, Induction Safe

   As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn
   from qualifying purchases.

Nutrition Information:

Yield:

   12

Serving Size:

   1
   Amount Per Serving: Calories: 306 Total Fat: 18g Saturated Fat: 9g
   Trans Fat: 0g Unsaturated Fat: 8g Cholesterol: 30mg Sodium: 45mg
   Carbohydrates: 36g Net Carbohydrates: 0g Fiber: 2g Sugar: 16g Sugar
   Alcohols: 0g Protein: 3g
   This nutritional information can vary depending on the specific
   products you choose so this is a general guess of the correct
   nutritional information based on the products I used. Please keep that
   in mind when making the recipe.

   © madi
   Cuisine: British / Category: Breakfast
   English Singing Hinnies (Griddle Scones) - A delicious breakfast treat!
   A scone-like dough grilled on a skillet until golden brown and crispy.
   Singing Hinny Recipe | British Breakfast Recipe | British Recipe
   #british #breakfast #recipe #easyrecipe English Singing Hinnies
   (Griddle Scones) - A delicious breakfast treat! A scone-like dough
   grilled on a skillet until golden brown and crispy. Singing Hinny
   Recipe | British Breakfast Recipe | British Recipe #british #breakfast
   #recipe #easyrecipe

Never miss a Mildly Meandering recipe

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter

   English Singing Hinnies (Griddle Scones) - A delicious breakfast treat!
   A scone-like dough grilled on a skillet until golden brown and crispy.
   Singing Hinny Recipe | British Breakfast Recipe | British Recipe
   #british #breakfast #recipe #easyrecipe English Singing Hinnies
   (Griddle Scones) - A delicious breakfast treat! A scone-like dough
   grilled on a skillet until golden brown and crispy. Singing Hinny
   Recipe | British Breakfast Recipe | British Recipe #british #breakfast
   #recipe #easyrecipe

   Filed Under: Breakfast, British Recipe Collection, Food, International
   Recipes Tagged With: breakfast, british, currants, english, griddle,
   hinnies, hinny, scones, singing

Saffron Rice

   September 26, 2019 by madi 6 Comments

   Saffron Rice – A quick and easy side dish filled with flavor. Made with
   just four simple ingredients, this rice is perfect served with
   everything from Indian to Mexican food.

Saffron Rice

   It’s Freaky Friday time again! This time, it is our Spring Edition and
   I am so excited to share this saffron rice recipe from Healing Tomato
   with you guys! Freaky Friday is where a bunch of bloggers are all
   assigned different blogs and we make a recipe from their site to share!
   None of us know who is assigned to our site so it ends up a fun
   surprise and a great way to get to know each other and our sites
   better! It is organized by Michaela from An Affair from the Heart and
   it’s so fun!

   So I’ve been in groups with Rini for many years now and she has some
   fantastic vegan and vegetarian recipes that I have been wanting to try
   out! We both have a background in the technology industry (both of us
   were sys admins!) and she started her site as a creative outlet and the
   name of the site comes from her love of tomatoes.  Some of the other
   ones I considered whipping up included her caprese tart, watermelon
   lassi, and palak makhani.

   It was a really tough choice picking which recipe to make since there
   were quite a few that I was interested in but I ended up deciding on
   her saffron rice.  I grew up eating that bag of neon yellow spanish
   saffron rice growing up that was chocked full of salty deliciousness so
   when I realized you could make that same dish right at home with
   ingredients that are probably already in your pantry, I was on board!

   Now I made a few changes to Rini’s recipe to make it a bit my own and
   simplified as her’s calls for a few extra spices such as cardamom so if
   you want to jazz it up even more, go check out her version by clicking
   here! Part of why I cut it down a bit was because I live in a rural
   enough area that it was difficult to even find saffron up here, let
   alone cardamom pods and cloves that aren’t already ground but I thought
   it tasted fantastic and I was super happy with it!

Can’t get enough of this saffron rice recipe? Try these other recipes!

     * Mango Lassi – Fresh mango, yogurt, milk, and cardamom blended
       together into a delicious drink!
     * Chicken Tempura – Light and crispy breaded chicken deep fried until
       golden brown!
     * Filipino Carioca – Fried sticky rice balls with a coconut caramel
       sauce that are addicting!
     * Teriyaki Chicken – This authentic Japanese recipe only takes 20
       minutes to make! All you need is 5 simple ingredients and it’s way
       cheaper than getting it at a restaurant!

   Yield: 8 servings

Saffron Rice

   Saffron Rice Saffron Rice
   (BUTTON) Print

   Saffron Rice - A quick and easy side dish filled with flavor. Made with
   just four simple ingredients, this rice is perfect served with
   everything from Indian to Spanish food.
   Prep Time 10 minutes
   Cook Time 20 minutes
   Total Time 30 minutes

Ingredients

     * 1 cup basmati rice (or jasmine)
     * 2 tablespoons ghee (or unsalted butter)
     * 1/8 teaspoon saffron threads
     * 3 tablespoons hot water
     * 1 1/2 cups water or vegetable broth

Instructions

    1. In a small bowl, combine the saffron threads and hot water. Let
       bloom for about 10 minutes.
    2. In a medium pot, combine water (or vegetable broth), rice, saffron,
       and ghee (or butter). Bring to a boil and then reduce the heat to
       low to cook for about 15 minutes, making sure not to lift the lid
       while the rice cooks. The liquid should absorb by then.
    3. Fluff with a spoon and serve.

   © madi
   Cuisine: Indian / Category: International Recipes
   Saffron Rice - A quick and easy side dish filled with flavor. Made with
   just four simple ingredients, this rice is perfect served with
   everything from Indian to Spanish food. Saffron Rice Recipe | Rice
   Recipe | Saffron Recipe #rice #sidedish #recipe #easyrecipe #saffron
   Saffron Rice - A quick and easy side dish filled with flavor. Made with
   just four simple ingredients, this rice is perfect served with
   everything from Indian to Spanish food. Saffron Rice Recipe | Rice
   Recipe | Saffron Recipe #rice #sidedish #recipe #easyrecipe #saffron

Never miss a Mildly Meandering recipe

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter

   Saffron Rice - A quick and easy side dish filled with flavor. Made with
   just four simple ingredients, this rice is perfect served with
   everything from Indian to Spanish food. Saffron Rice Recipe | Rice
   Recipe | Saffron Recipe #rice #sidedish #recipe #easyrecipe #saffron
   Saffron Rice - A quick and easy side dish filled with flavor. Made with
   just four simple ingredients, this rice is perfect served with
   everything from Indian to Spanish food. Saffron Rice Recipe | Rice
   Recipe | Saffron Recipe #rice #sidedish #recipe #easyrecipe #saffron

Take a look at all of our Fall 2019 Freaky Friday Recipes:

    1. An Affair from the Heart – Instant Pot Vegetable Beef Soup
    2. A Grande Life – Easy Beer Cheddar Dip
    3. Aunt Bee’s Recipes –  Three Cheese Roast Beef Sliders
    4. Bowl Me Over –  Crock Pot Pumpkin Butter Recipe
    5. Healing Tomato –  Stuffed Acorn Squash
    6. Hostess at Heart – Caramel Apple Pie Snack Mix
    7. House of Nash Eats – Slow Cooker Applesauce Pulled Chicken
       Sandwiches
    8. LeMoine Family Kitchen –  White Cheddar Broccoli Stuffed Baked
       Potatoes
    9. Lemon Blossoms – Maple Oven Roasted Carrots
   10. Life, Love & Good Food – Pasta Fagioli Soup Recipe
   11. Mildly Meandering – Saffron Rice
   12. Soulfully Made – Salted Dark Chocolate Orange Cookies
   13. Take Two Tapas – Margarita Pizza Pull Apart Bread
   14. The Speckled Palate – Halloween Peanut Butter Chocolate White
       Chocolate Chip Cookies
   15. West Via Midwest – Easy Garlic Parmesan Chicken Wings
   16. Who Needs a Cape? –  Roasted Red Pepper and Artichoke Tapenade

   Filed Under: Food, International Recipes, Side Dish Tagged With: rice,
   saffron, side dish, sides

Challah Bread

   September 25, 2019 by madi Leave a Comment

   Challah Bread – A beautiful and impressive bread made with just 6
   simple ingredients. This classic Jewish bread is great for sandwiches,
   french toast, and more!

   Challah Bread

Challah Bread

   Can I just say how much I love a loaf of homemade bread? Something
   about the pride of having it actually come out correctly and knowing
   that you put all that time and love into it makes it so much better.
   After making a few different bread recipes the past few weeks (like my
   matcha milk bread), I was really dying to give making challah a try and
   it turned out great!

   I think my favorite part about this bread was the beautiful braid.  I
   was pretty worried that it was going to be crazy difficult but it
   really wasn’t.  Included are images of the braiding process but as long
   as you can keep straight that you start with the furthest right strands
   every time and then go over two strands, under the third strand, and
   over the next two, then you will be fine! You just repeat that over and
   over again.  Alternatively, you can always do a three strand braid
   instead, that is totally up to you.

   Homemade Challah Bread

Common questions about making challah bread

Is challah bread similar to brioche?

   Yes, challah bread is similar to brioche.  Challah bread is typically a
   Jewish bread that is kosher with no dairy in it.  On the other hand,
   brioche is a french bread made with similar ingredients and it included
   butter rather than an oil such as vegetable oil.  Overall, they taste
   pretty similar.

How do you eat challah bread?

   There are so many ways to eat challah! Some of my favorites include
   toasting it and serving it with butter or jam but you can also slice it
   up and use it in french toast, bread pudding, or in a sandwich.

What can you use as a substitute for challah bread in recipes?

   If you are making a recipe that calls for challah in it (such as a
   french toast recipe), brioche or another similar light and fluffy white
   bread would be a good substitute.

   Jewish Challah Bread

   This bread is good for about a week before it starts to get stale.  My
   favorite thing to do with it was to cut up a slice, toast it, and have
   it with a bit of gooseberry jam on it.  It’s so versatile that you can
   eat it with both savory or sweet toppings as it is simply a nice white
   bread.

   Challah Bread Recipe

Can’t get enough of this challah bread recipe? Try these other recipes!

     * Hokkaido Milk Bread – Light and fluffy pull-apart Japanese bread
       that is easy to make! This milk bread recipe uses the tangzhong
       roux method which helps create a tender loaf of bread.
     * German Rye Bread (Roggenbrot) – Delicious homemade bread made with
       rye flour and caraway seeds.
     * Raspberry Star Bread – Homemade bread with layers for raspberry
       jam, twisted into this incredible treat.
     * Finnish Cardamom Pulla Bread – A light and delicious loaf of
       Finnish cardamom bread! This cardamom bread dough braided into a
       beautiful loaf and topped with a cardamom wash and almonds.
     * Matcha Milk Bread – Light and fluffy pull-apart Japanese bread that
       is easy to make! This milk bread recipe uses the tangzhong roux
       method with a touch of matcha.

   Homemade Bread Recipe

   Yield: 1 loaf

Challah Bread

   Challah Bread
   (BUTTON) Print

   Challah Bread - A beautiful and impressive bread made with just 6
   simple ingredients. This classic Jewish bread is great for sandwiches,
   french toast, and more!
   Prep Time 30 minutes
   Cook Time 35 minutes
   Additional Time 2 hours
   Total Time 3 hours 5 minutes

Ingredients

     * 1 package instant yeast
     * 4 - 4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
     * 1/4 cup sugar
     * 1/2 teaspoon salt
     * 3/4 cup water
     * 1/4 cup vegetable oil
     * 3 large eggs

Instructions

    1. In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, sugar, salt, and yeast. Add
       in vegetable oil, water, and 2 eggs, mixing until well combined.
    2. Using either a dough hook or a well floured surface, knead for
       about 10 minutes or until smooth. Transfer to an oiled bowl and
       cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place for about 1 hour.
       It should have doubled in size.
    3. After an hour, punch down the dough and let rise an additional 30
       minutes.
    4. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and divide into 6
       evenly size pieces. Roll each piece into about 12 inch logs. Pinch
       the tops of all six strands together and then take the furthest
       right strand and cross it over the next two strands to the left,
       weaving it under the third, and then back over the remaining two.
    5. Repeat the same process of going over two, under one, and over two
       for the remaining strands of bread until you run out of space. Tuck
       the remaining bread strands under to make the loaf look nice and
       clean. Transfer to a lined sheet pan.
    6. Beat the remaining egg until smooth and then brush on top of the
       bread. You may sprinkle sesame seeds or poppy seeds on top or leave
       it plain. Let rise for an additional 20-30 minutes.
    7. Preheat the oven to 375. Bake for about 35-40 minutes or until the
       bread has cooked through and the top is a rich brown.

Nutrition Information:

Yield:

   12

Serving Size:

   1
   Amount Per Serving: Calories: 758 Total Fat: 8g Saturated Fat: 1g Trans
   Fat: 0g Unsaturated Fat: 6g Cholesterol: 47mg Sodium: 110mg
   Carbohydrates: 147g Net Carbohydrates: 0g Fiber: 5g Sugar: 5g Sugar
   Alcohols: 0g Protein: 21g
   This nutritional information can vary depending on the specific
   products you choose so this is a general guess of the correct
   nutritional information based on the products I used. Please keep that
   in mind when making the recipe.

   © madi
   Cuisine: Jewish / Category: Baking
   Challah Bread - A beautiful and impressive bread made with just 6
   simple ingredients. This classic Jewish bread is great for sandwiches,
   french toast, and more! Homemade Bread Recipe | Challah Bread Recipe |
   Easy Bread #bread #challah #baking #recipe

Never miss a Mildly Meandering recipe

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter

   Challah Bread - A beautiful and impressive bread made with just 6
   simple ingredients. This classic Jewish bread is great for sandwiches,
   french toast, and more! Homemade Bread Recipe | Challah Bread Recipe |
   Easy Bread #bread #challah #baking #recipe

   Filed Under: Baking, Food, International Recipes Tagged With: baking,
   bread, challah, jewish

German Apple Cake (Versunkener Apfelkuchen)

   September 10, 2019 by madi Leave a Comment

   German Apple Cake (Versunkener Apfelkuchen) – A classic German apple
   cake ready in just 45 minutes! Flavorful butter cake with whole sliced
   apples topping it!

German Apple Cake (Versunkener Apfelkuchen)

   Something I remember about my trip to Germany many years ago was just
   how delicious all of the food I had when I was there.  The schnitzel,
   pfeffernusse, roggenbrot, and more! One of my favorite things was a
   versunkener apfelkuchen, a delicious cake with full apples in it.  It’s
   different from other apple cakes that have chunks of apple mixed right
   into the batter whereas this one has a quarter of an apple thinly
   sliced and placed on top to create the beautiful top to the cake.

   This is really a great fall recipe to make as it has so much apple and
   a bit of cinnamon in it.  I served it topped with a bit of powdered
   sugar, homemade whipped cream, and hot apple cider and it tasted like
   fall!

Common questions about making german apple cake (apfelkuchen)

What apples are best for apple cake?

   For this german apple cake, smaller sweet, not too mushy apples such as
   jazz or honeycrisp are perfect.  If you are using larger apples, you
   may need to cut them down a bit so that they cook through.  I found
   that you only want the apples to be about 1″ thick at most.

How long does apple cake last?

   This apple cake can stay fresh for about 2-3 days or about 5 days if
   refrigerated.

Can you freeze an apple cake?

   Yes, let the apple cake fully cool and then wrap tightly with plastic
   wrap.  It can last for up to 3 months in the freezer when stored that
   way.


Can’t get enough of this german apple cake recipe? Try these other recipes!

     * Apple Spice Cake – Light and fluffy spice cake topped with
       caramelized apples.
     * Mini Dutch Apple Pies – A personal apple pie! Pie crust filled with
       apple pie filling and topped with a crumb topping and baked in a
       muffin pan.
     * Caramel Apple Pie Dip – A quick and easy no-bake dessert dip
       recipe! Caramel cream cheese topped with apple pie filling.
     * Apple Snickerdoodle Cookies – A delicious fall dessert made with
       fresh apples and homemade snickerdoodle cookie dough rolled in
       cinnamon sugar.

   Yield: 8 slices

German Apple Cake (Versunkener Apfelkuchen)

   German Apple Cake (Versunkener Apfelkuchen) German Apple Cake
   (Versunkener Apfelkuchen)
   (BUTTON) Print

   German Apple Cake (Apfelkuchen) - A classic German apple cake ready in
   just 45 minutes! Flavorful butter cake with whole sliced apples topping
   it!
   Prep Time 10 minutes
   Cook Time 35 minutes
   Total Time 45 minutes

Ingredients

     * 1 cup all-purpose flour
     * 1 cup + 2 tablespoons sugar
     * 1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
     * 1 teaspoon cinnamon
     * Pinch of salt
     * 1/2 cup butter (softened)
     * 2 eggs
     * 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
     * 2-3 medium apples

Instructions

    1. Peel apples and quarter them. Remove the core and then thinly slice
       each chunk of apple, trying to leave slices next to each other so
       that the entire piece of apple can be placed directly into the
       cake.
    2. Preheat oven to 375 degrees and spray a 9" springform pan with
       nonstick spray.
    3. In a large mixing bowl, beat together the butter and 1 cup of sugar
       until light and fluffy. Add in the vanilla extract and eggs and
       beat until mixed together.
    4. Add in flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. Beat until mixed
       together.
    5. Transfer cake batter to the springform pan and then arrange the
       pieces of apple in top, pressing lightly into the batter. Sprinkle
       with remaining sugar.
    6. Bake for 35-40 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.
    7. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve with whipped cream.

Recommended Products

     * Rodelle Gourmet Extract, Vanilla, 8 Oz Rodelle Gourmet Extract,
       Vanilla, 8 Oz
       Rodelle Gourmet Extract, Vanilla, 8 Oz
     * Libbey Acaciawood Flat Round Wood Server Cake Stands with Glass
       Dome Libbey Acaciawood Flat Round Wood Server Cake Stands with
       Glass Dome
       Libbey Acaciawood Flat Round Wood Server Cake Stands with Glass
       Dome
     * Cuisinart AMB-9SP 9-Inch Chef's Classic Nonstick Bakeware
       Springform Pan, Silver Cuisinart AMB-9SP 9-Inch Chef's Classic
       Nonstick Bakeware Springform Pan, Silver
       Cuisinart AMB-9SP 9-Inch Chef's Classic Nonstick Bakeware
       Springform Pan, Silver

   As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn
   from qualifying purchases.

Nutrition Information:

Yield:

   8

Serving Size:

   1
   Amount Per Serving: Calories: 227 Total Fat: 13g Saturated Fat: 8g
   Trans Fat: 0g Unsaturated Fat: 4g Cholesterol: 77mg Sodium: 218mg
   Carbohydrates: 25g Net Carbohydrates: 0g Fiber: 2g Sugar: 10g Sugar
   Alcohols: 0g Protein: 3g
   This nutritional information can vary depending on the specific
   products you choose so this is a general guess of the correct
   nutritional information based on the products I used. Please keep that
   in mind when making the recipe.

   © madi
   Cuisine: German / Category: Baking
   German Apple Cake (Apfelkuchen) - A classic German apple cake ready in
   just 45 minutes! Flavorful butter cake with whole sliced apples topping
   it! Apfelkuchen Recipe | German Apple Cake | German Dessert Recipe
   #apple #fall #fallbaking #german #dessert #cake German Apple Cake
   (Apfelkuchen) - A classic German apple cake ready in just 45 minutes!
   Flavorful butter cake with whole sliced apples topping it! Apfelkuchen
   Recipe | German Apple Cake | German Dessert Recipe #apple #fall
   #fallbaking #german #dessert #cake

Never miss a Mildly Meandering recipe

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter

   German Apple Cake (Apfelkuchen) - A classic German apple cake ready in
   just 45 minutes! Flavorful butter cake with whole sliced apples topping
   it! Apfelkuchen Recipe | German Apple Cake | German Dessert Recipe
   #apple #fall #fallbaking #german #dessert #cake German Apple Cake
   (Apfelkuchen) - A classic German apple cake ready in just 45 minutes!
   Flavorful butter cake with whole sliced apples topping it! Apfelkuchen
   Recipe | German Apple Cake | German Dessert Recipe #apple #fall
   #fallbaking #german #dessert #cake

   Filed Under: Baking, Dessert, Food, German Recipe Collection,
   International Recipes Tagged With: apfelkuchen, apple, baking, cake,
   dessert, fall, german

Matcha Milk Bread

   September 8, 2019 by madi Leave a Comment

   Matcha Milk Bread – Light and fluffy pull-apart Japanese bread that is
   easy to make! This milk bread recipe uses the tangzhong roux method
   with a touch of matcha!

   Matcha Milk Bread

Matcha Milk Bread

   I’m back with another version of my ever popular Hokkaido Milk Bread
   recipe! This version has been popping around my head for a while
   because I thought that adding matcha would add a nice, subtle flavor to
   the bread.  Once I got around to making it, I was pleasantly surprised
   with how delicious it is.  Dare I say that I like it even more than the
   original version?

   Japanese Milk Bread

   As I said in the previous milk bread recipe, I first had milk bread in
   when I was visiting Tokyo and I was instantly a fan.  Making it at home
   is really easy but you just need to keep in mind that like most breads,
   it takes quite a while to make but it is worth it!

   To serve it, I suggest heating it up just a bit and spreading some
   butter on it for breakfast.  It’s delicious!

   Hokkaido Milk Bread

Common questions about making milk bread

What is milk bread?

   Milk bread (or shokupan) is a Japanese bread made from a Tangzhong
   base.  It is a very light and fluffy bread with a springy texture that
   is lightly sweetened.

Why do you need dry milk in bread?

   Dry milk helps create a tender loaf of bread and gives it flavor.

What is a Tangzhong?

   Tangzhong is an Asian baking technique in which part of the dough is
   cooked with water ahead of time in a roux.

Other tips and tricks on this milk bread recipe

     * I highly suggest using at least a 9″x4″ bread pan that is deep.
       Mine was not as deep as I would have liked it to be so the bread
       spilled over the edge of the pan a bit instead of growing as high
       upward.
     * This bread is a little sweet and great with butter or jam on it!
     * You can turn this bread dough into a dinner roll recipe instead!
       Divide the dough into 16 pieces, roll the dough into balls,
       transfer to a greased 8″x8″ pan, and bake for about 25 minutes or
       until golden brown on top and 190 degrees inside.

   Green Tea Milk Bread

Can’t get enough of this matcha milk bread recipe? Try these other recipes!

     * German Rye Bread (Roggenbrot) – Delicious homemade bread made with
       rye flour and caraway seeds. This bread recipe is easy to make and
       great for sandwiches.
     * Finnish Cardamom Pulla Bread – A light and delicious loaf of
       Finnish cardamom bread.  This cardamom bread dough braided into a
       beautiful loaf and topped with a cardamom wash and almonds.
     * Raspberry Star Bread – Homemade bread with layers for raspberry
       jam, twisted into this incredible treat. Japanese Bread

   Yield: 12 slices

Matcha Milk Bread

   Matcha Milk Bread
   (BUTTON) Print

   Matcha Milk Bread - Light and fluffy pull-apart Japanese bread that is
   easy to make! This milk bread recipe uses the tangzhong roux method
   with a touch of matcha!
   Prep Time 20 minutes
   Cook Time 35 minutes
   Additional Time 1 hour 45 minutes
   Total Time 2 hours 40 minutes

Ingredients

Starter

     * 1/4 tablespoon bread flour
     * 1/4 cup whole milk
     * 1/4 cup water

Dough

     * 2 1/2 cup bread flour
     * 1/4 cup granulated sugar
     * 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 yeast packet
     * 1 tablespoon dry milk powder or sweetened condensed milk
     * 1 1/2 - 2 tablespoons matcha
     * 1 teaspoon salt
     * 1/2 cup milk, room temperature
     * 1 egg, room temperature and beaten
     * 1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened
     * Heavy cream or melted butter

Instructions

    1. In a small saucepan over medium heat, combined the ingredients for
       the starter. Stir continuously for 4-5 minutes or until the starter
       thickens to the consistency of mashed potatoes. Transfer to a bowl
       and cover with plastic wrap. Let sit until starter gets to room
       temperature.
    2. In the bowl of a stand mixer, whisk together bread flour, sugar,
       yeast, dry milk powder (optional), matcha powder, and salt. Once
       mixed, add in milk, starter, and beaten egg. Using the dough hook
       attachment, beat on low for 5 minutes. Add in butter and beat 5
       more minutes. Turn the speed up to medium and beat for a final 5
       minutes. Transfer dough to a lightly oiled bowl and cover with
       plastic wrap. Let sit for 1 hour or until the dough has doubled in
       size.
    3. Transfer dough onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 4
       equally sized pieces. Roll each out to be 8"x5" and then fold each
       of the long sides in 1". Starting on one of the shorter edges, roll
       up and place in a greased 9"x4" pan. Repeat with each piece of
       dough. Cover and let rise for an additional 45 minutes.
    4. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Once the dough has risen, brush the
       top of the dough with heavy whipping cream. Place into oven and
       bake for 35-40 minutes or until the top is golden brown and the
       inside is 190 degrees.
    5. Remove from oven and let sit for 5 minutes before removing bread
       from pan. Let cool on a cooling rack before serving.

Recommended Products

     * Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast,0.25 Ounce, 3 Count (Pack of 2)
       Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast,0.25 Ounce, 3 Count (Pack of 2)
     * Jade Leaf Matcha Green Tea Powder - USDA Organic, Authentic
       Japanese Origin - Classic Culinary Grade (Smoothies, Lattes,
       Baking, Recipes) - Antioxidants, Energy [30g Starter Size]
       Jade Leaf Matcha Green Tea Powder - USDA Organic, Authentic
       Japanese Origin - Classic Culinary Grade (Smoothies, Lattes,
       Baking, Recipes) - Antioxidants, Energy [30g Starter Size]
     * KitchenAid Classic Series 4.5 Quart Tilt-Head Stand Mixer, Onyx
       Black (K45SSOB)
       KitchenAid Classic Series 4.5 Quart Tilt-Head Stand Mixer, Onyx
       Black (K45SSOB)

   As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn
   from qualifying purchases.

Nutrition Information:

Yield:

   12

Serving Size:

   1
   Amount Per Serving: Calories: 200 Total Fat: 7g Saturated Fat: 4g Trans
   Fat: 0g Unsaturated Fat: 3g Cholesterol: 33mg Sodium: 206mg
   Carbohydrates: 28g Net Carbohydrates: 0g Fiber: 1g Sugar: 7g Sugar
   Alcohols: 0g Protein: 5g
   This nutritional information can vary depending on the specific
   products you choose so this is a general guess of the correct
   nutritional information based on the products I used. Please keep that
   in mind when making the recipe.

   © madi
   Cuisine: Japanese / Category: Baking
   Matcha Milk Bread - Light and fluffy pull-apart Japanese bread that is
   easy to make! This milk bread recipe uses the tangzhong roux method
   with a touch of matcha! Matcha Recipe | Milk Bread Recipe | Japanese
   Milk Bread #baking #bread #matcha #recipe #easyrecipe

Never miss a Mildly Meandering recipe

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter

   Matcha Milk Bread - Light and fluffy pull-apart Japanese bread that is
   easy to make! This milk bread recipe uses the tangzhong roux method
   with a touch of matcha! Matcha Recipe | Milk Bread Recipe | Japanese
   Milk Bread #baking #bread #matcha #recipe #easyrecipe

   Filed Under: Baking, Food, International Recipes, Japanese Recipe
   Collection Tagged With: baking, bread, green tea, hokkaido, japanese,
   matcha, milk

Chipotle Chicken Tacos

   September 3, 2019 by madi Leave a Comment

   This shop has been compensated by Collective Bias, Inc. and its
   advertiser. All opinions are mine alone. #ChooseMazola #CollectiveBias

   Chipotle Chicken Tacos Chipotle Chicken Tacos

Chipotle Chicken Tacos

   Chipotle Chicken Tacos – A quick and easy meal filled with flavor!
   Chicken covered in a spicy chipotle sauce and topped with tasty
   toppings in a tortilla.

   Did you know that September is National Cholesterol Awareness month?
   It’s such an important aspect of maintaining good health that we don’t
   focus on enough, so I think having a month dedicated to it is a great
   way to gain awareness of it. Going into September, I have been trying
   to make some of my favorite recipes lighter by replacing just a few
   ingredients with ones that are better for me. A clinical study showed
   that Mazola® Corn Oil reduces cholesterol 2x more than extra virgin
   olive, oil so I wanted to give it a try. To learn more about this
   claim, see Mazola.com. Once I heard about the study, I knew it was time
   to switch and give it a go in my next dinner recipe. Mazola Corn Oil is
   an all-purpose, cholesterol free cooking oil that is a smart
   heart-healthy* choice for your family. *See Mazola.com for more
   information on the relationship between corn oil and heart health. It
   has a variety of uses including baking, grilling, sautéing, stir
   frying, or mixing up a marinade or dressing.

   Mazola Corn Oil Mazola Corn Oil

   For my recipe for National Cholesterol Awareness month, I wanted to
   make a healthier spin on a classic chicken taco. For my version, I was
   envisioning grilling the chicken instead of frying it and coating it
   with a crunchy batter, substituting a crema made with mayonnaise and
   sour cream for plain Greek yogurt, using corn tortillas instead of
   flour tortillas, and using Mazola Corn Oil instead of a different
   cooking oil such as vegetable, canola, or peanut. Additionally, instead
   of a slaw that is bogged down with sauce, I decided to simply mix fresh
   lime and red cabbage together to add a little extra crunch and flavor
   to the tacos.

   Chicken Tacos Chicken Tacos

   Easy Taco Recipe Easy Taco Recipe

   To give the tacos more flavor, I decided to make them chipotle chicken
   tacos with a bit of spice and flavor. You would never know that these
   tacos have lower cholesterol!

   Chicken Tacos Chicken Tacos

   Mazola Corn Oil is great because it is a heart-healthy*, all-purpose,
   and cholesterol free cooking oil that can be used for anything such as
   baking, grilling, sautéing, stir-frying, or even adding to a marinade.
   *See Mazola.com for more information on the relationship between corn
   oil and heart health. Mazola Corn Oil has four times more
   cholesterol-blocking plant sterols than extra virgin olive oil and one
   and a half times more than canola oil. I used it in both the marinade
   for this recipe and in the pan to keep the chicken from sticking.
   Mazola Corn oil has a neutral flavor that allows the ingredients you
   are cooking with to shine through, plus it has a higher smoke point
   than most cooking oils at 450 degrees. I had no idea that cooking oils
   all have different smoke points and that if you exceed them, they can
   negatively affect the food’s flavor and nutritional value. You can
   reduce cholesterol and saturated fats in your diet by doing simple
   substitutions like using Mazola Corn Oil instead of butter!

   Chipotle Chicken Taco Chipotle Chicken Taco

   Yield: 4 servings

Chipotle Chicken Tacos

   Chipotle Chicken Tacos Chipotle Chicken Tacos
   (BUTTON) Print

   Chipotle Chicken Tacos - A quick and easy meal filled with flavor!
   Chicken covered in a spicy chipotle sauce and topped with tasty
   toppings in a tortilla.
   Prep Time 10 minutes
   Cook Time 15 minutes
   Total Time 25 minutes

Ingredients

     * 1 1/2 pounds chicken breasts
     * 2-3 tablespoons chipotle sauce*
     * 3 tablespoons Mazola Corn Oil
     * 2 tablespoons lime juice
     * 1 teaspoon honey
     * 1/2 teaspoon cumin
     * 1/2 teaspoon onion powder
     * 3 cloves minced garlic
     * 1/3 cup red cabbage (thinly sliced)
     * 1/4 cup cilantro (chopped)
     * 1/4 cup plain greek yogurt.
     * Corn tortillas

Instructions

    1. In a large plastic container or plastic ziploc bag, combine
       chicken,
       1 tablespoon of the lime juice, chipotle, minced garlic,
       onion powder, cumin, honey, and Mazola® Corn Oil. Mix until
       combined and
       then place in the refrigerator for 20-30 minutes to marinade.
    2. In a small mixing bowl, combine remaining lime juice with
       the cabbage. Mix and then refrigerate until ready to serve.
    3. Pour about 1 tablespoon of Mazola® Corn Oil into a large pan over
       medium heat. Place marinaded chicken in the pan and cook about 8-10
       minutes, mixing occasionally, or until the chicken is cooked
       through.
    4. Warm up corn tortillas and serve with the chicken, red cabbage,
       cilantro, and a bit of plain greek yogurt drizzled on top.

Notes

   *I used a can of chipotles in adobo sauce. This is usually available in
   most grocery stores Spanish foods department.

   © madi
   Cuisine: Mexican / Category: Dinner
   Chipotle Chicken Tacos - A quick and easy meal filled with flavor!
   Chicken covered in a spicy chipotle sauce and topped with tasty
   toppings in a tortilla. Chicken Tacos | Chipotle Chicken | Taco Recipe
   #taco #tacos #dinner #mexican #recipe #easyrecipe #easydinner Chipotle
   Chicken Tacos - A quick and easy meal filled with flavor! Chicken
   covered in a spicy chipotle sauce and topped with tasty toppings in a
   tortilla. Chicken Tacos | Chipotle Chicken | Taco Recipe #taco #tacos
   #dinner #mexican #recipe #easyrecipe #easydinner

Never miss a Mildly Meandering recipe

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter
   Chipotle Chicken Tacos - A quick and easy meal filled with flavor!
   Chicken covered in a spicy chipotle sauce and topped with tasty
   toppings in a tortilla. Chicken Tacos | Chipotle Chicken | Taco Recipe
   #taco #tacos #dinner #mexican #recipe #easyrecipe #easydinner Chipotle
   Chicken Tacos - A quick and easy meal filled with flavor! Chicken
   covered in a spicy chipotle sauce and topped with tasty toppings in a
   tortilla. Chicken Tacos | Chipotle Chicken | Taco Recipe #taco #tacos
   #dinner #mexican #recipe #easyrecipe #easydinner

   Filed Under: Dinner, Food Tagged With: chipotle, dinner, mexican,
   spicy, tacos

Instant Pot Pork Stew

   August 13, 2019 by madi Leave a Comment

   This shop has been compensated by Collective Bias, Inc. and its
   advertiser. All opinions are mine alone. #SmithfieldFast
   #RealFlavorRealFast #CollectiveBias

   Instant Pot Pork Stew – Tender and delicious pork stew made in just 40
   minutes! Tender pork, carrots, and potatoes are filled with flavor!

   With fall just around the corner, I’m getting so excited about all of
   the cozy recipes I get to make such as casseroles, soups, and stews. My
   favorite recipes are those that are not only cozy, but quick and easy
   to make so that I can focus on spending more time with friends and
   family and less time in the kitchen.

   If you hadn’t noticed, I LOVE Smithfield® Pork. Between my spicy pork
   ramen, cuban sliders, and cajun pork pasta, I have made a lot of
   recipes with their pork.  I love the versatility and different ways it
   can be prepared so that it can fit into just about any dish! They focus
   on being real fresh, real flavor, real fast with their fresh and
   flavorful all natural ingredients that are always made with 100% fresh
   pork with the perfect marinades and seasonings!

   When I saw Smithfield Rotisserie Tenderloin at my local Walmart, I was
   immediately excited to try it. I thought it would be perfect in a pork
   stew recipe to serve at my upcoming cabin trip with family. To make it,
   I thought using my instant pot would be a great way to speed up the
   recipe and reduce the amount of dishes needed since I could saute and
   cook the soup in the same pot.

   I found the Smithfield Rotisserie Tenderloin right in the fresh meat
   department with all of the other pork cuts. Make sure to check out
   their other varieties too!

   Now to make this pork stew, you only need a few ingredients –
   Smithfield Rotisserie Tenderloin, chicken broth, 2 carrots, 2-3 cups of
   baby potatoes, minced garlic, and ½ of a yellow onion. This is a
   flexible recipe that you can always add more to such as additional
   seasonings such as thyme or a bay leaf or extra vegetables including
   mushrooms or celery but that’s entirely up to your preference. I found
   this to be a simple and delicious stew as is! It ends up so tender and
   delicious, you will love it!

   Want to win a trip to wine country? Smithfield® Marinated Fresh Pork
   and Gallo Family Vineyards® are running a sweepstakes! For more
   information about the sweepstakes such as the information and rules,
   click HERE!

   Yield: 6 servings

Instant Pot Pork Stew

   Instant Pot Pork Stew Instant Pot Pork Stew
   (BUTTON) Print

   Instant Pot Pork Stew - Tender and delicious pork stew made in just 40
   minutes! Tender pork, carrots, and potatoes are filled with flavor!
   Prep Time 5 minutes
   Cook Time 35 minutes
   Total Time 40 minutes

Ingredients

     * 1 Smithfield Rotisserie Tenderloin (cut into 1" cubes)
     * 1/2 yellow onion (diced)
     * 2 carrots (sliced)
     * 2-3 cups baby potatoes (quartered)
     * 3 cloves of garlic (minced)
     * 2 1/2 cups chicken broth

Instructions

       In the pot of an instant pot, drizzle oil and add in carrots,
       potatoes, garlic, and
       onion. Cook for 5-7 minutes or until the vegetables start to soften
       a bit before adding in pork. Cook until lightly browned with no
       patches of raw meat visible.
       Add in the chicken broth and give the stew a stir. Press the “stew”
       button on the
       instant pot or set it to cook at HIGH pressure for 35 minutes.
       Once cooked, let the instant pot depressurize and then serve.

Nutrition Information:

Yield:

   6

Serving Size:

   1
   Amount Per Serving: Calories: 219 Total Fat: 4g Saturated Fat: 1g Trans
   Fat: 0g Unsaturated Fat: 2g Cholesterol: 14mg Sodium: 422mg
   Carbohydrates: 38g Net Carbohydrates: 0g Fiber: 5g Sugar: 3g Sugar
   Alcohols: 0g Protein: 9g
   This nutritional information can vary depending on the specific
   products you choose so this is a general guess of the correct
   nutritional information based on the products I used. Please keep that
   in mind when making the recipe.

   © madi
   Cuisine: American / Category: Dinner
   Instant Pot Pork Stew - Tender and delicious pork stew made in just 40
   minutes! Tender pork, carrots, and potatoes are filled with flavor!
   Stew Recipe | Pork Stew | Instant Pot Stew #dinner #easydinner
   #easyrecipe #stew #instantpot #pork Instant Pot Pork Stew - Tender and
   delicious pork stew made in just 40 minutes! Tender pork, carrots, and
   potatoes are filled with flavor! Stew Recipe | Pork Stew | Instant Pot
   Stew #dinner #easydinner #easyrecipe #stew #instantpot #pork

Never miss a Mildly Meandering recipe

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter
   Instant Pot Pork Stew - Tender and delicious pork stew made in just 40
   minutes! Tender pork, carrots, and potatoes are filled with flavor!
   Stew Recipe | Pork Stew | Instant Pot Stew #dinner #easydinner
   #easyrecipe #stew #instantpot #pork Instant Pot Pork Stew - Tender and
   delicious pork stew made in just 40 minutes! Tender pork, carrots, and
   potatoes are filled with flavor! Stew Recipe | Pork Stew | Instant Pot
   Stew #dinner #easydinner #easyrecipe #stew #instantpot #pork

   Filed Under: Dinner, Food Tagged With: dinner, instant pot, pork,
   pressure cooker, soup, stew

Hawaiian Fried Rice

   July 15, 2019 by madi 4 Comments

   This shop has been compensated by Collective Bias, Inc. and its
   advertiser. All opinions are mine alone. #MinuteRightNow
   #CollectiveBias

   Hawaiian Fried Rice is a great meal that’s done in a snap. A fantastic
   easy to make recipe that has loads of flavor and is on the table in no
   time.


   Hawaiian Fried Rice

   I simply love using up leftovers, ‘waste not want not right’? There’s
   something truly satisfying about using up every last bit of a meal.
   Creating new and inventive ways to use up the leftovers makes me feel
   like I’ve accomplished a huge task.

   IFRAME:
   https://r.curalate.com/v2/widget/tfokWBypyBtdtQGL3QPHzh76zdX9bhUT?repla
   ceTabs=false&spatialTagIcon=tag&autoShowProducts=false&shopButtonText=V
   iew Details


   If you’d like to try Minute® Ready to Serve products for yourself,
   simply hover over the photo above to click through to Walmart.com for
   purchasing. So easy!

   Take ham for example, down to the very last bits I do my best to find
   creative and tasty ways to utilize all of it. Plus it helps with the
   budget, leftovers are a great way to stretch the grocery budget.

   Not to mention the fact that many recipes using leftovers are quick and
   simple. This brings me to a wonderfully easy meal that I just have to
   share with you today, Hawaiian Fried Rice.

   This recipe nicely used up the remaining portion of some ham I had in
   the fridge. I tossed the cubed pieces into a skillet along with some
   pineapple just to warm it all up and get a little caramelization
   happening. A drizzle of Teriyaki Sauce and a little bit of sliced green
   onion and that’s it.

   Oh, but I did serve it over a bed of delicious rice. Friends, with a
   quick and easy dish like this you need quick and easy rice too. This is
   when I reached into my pantry for Minute® Ready to Serve Garlic & Olive
   Oil Jasmine Rice. The rice added just a touch more of subtle flavor to
   this meal.

   When I say quick and easy I mean it! Pop Minute® Ready to Serve rice
   into the microwave for 90 seconds. Just fluff with a fork and you can
   serve immediately. Great for a quick lunch, a better-for-you-snack or
   an easy add-on to dinner. Pop some veggies into Minute® Ready to Serve
   rice if you desire, it is gluten-free and contains no preservatives.

   Minute® Ready to Serve rice is good to go anytime, anywhere. With
   school, work, social time and everything else I have to tackle I love
   the convenience of Minute® Ready to Serve rice. Great for on-the-go,
   busy lifestyles like mine.

   I stocked my pantry shelf with Minute® Ready to Serve rice varieties
   last time I was at Walmart. You’ll find it located in the rice aisle.
   It is available in these three NEW great flavors: Cilantro & Lime
   Jasmine Rice, Southwest Pinto Beans with White Rice and Vegetables, and
   Garlic & Olive Oil Jasmine Rice. These varieties are available in 7 oz.
   larger single cup packs.


   While shopping at Walmart, save on Minute® Ready to Serve rice by using
   the Ibotta app. Until 8/4/19, you can earn $.50 on Ibotta when you
   purchase one Minute® Ready to Serve product at Walmart!


   Don’t you just love a quick and easy meal? Can’t wait to hear about
   what you’ll make with Minute® Ready to Serve rice, leave me a comment
   and let me know.


   Yield: 1 serving

Hawaiian Fried Rice

   Hawaiian Fried Rice Hawaiian Fried Rice
   (BUTTON) Print

   Hawaiian Fried Rice is a great meal that's done in a snap. A great easy
   to make recipe that has loads of flavor and is on the table in no time.
   Prep Time 5 minutes
   Cook Time 5 minutes
   Total Time 10 minutes

Ingredients

     * 1 Tablespoon Olive Oil
     * 1/2 cup ham, diced
     * 1/3 cup pineapple tidbits
     * 2 Tablespoons Teriyaki Sauce
     * 2 Tablespoons green onion, sliced
     * Minute® Ready to Serve Garlic & Olive Oil Jasmine Rice

Instructions

   In non-stick skillet heat olive oil over medium heat. Add diced ham and
   pineapple to pan.

   Cook 2-3 minutes until nicely browned and heated through.

   Prepare rice according to package directions.

   Spoon rice on dish. Top with ham and pineapple mixture.

   Drizzle with Teriyaki Sauce and sliced green onions.

   © madi
   Category: Food
   Hawaiian Fried Rice is a great meal that's done in a snap. A great easy
   to make recipe that has loads of flavor and is on the table in no time.
   Hawaiian Fried Rice is a great meal that's done in a snap. A great easy
   to make recipe that has loads of flavor and is on the table in no time.

   white bowl on red and white cloth with rice, pineapple, ham, green
   onion and teriyaki sauce white bowl on red and white cloth with rice,
   pineapple, ham, green onion and teriyaki sauce

   Filed Under: Food, Main Course Tagged With: comfort food, easy recipe,
   ham, pineapple, rice

Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese

   July 14, 2019 by madi 4 Comments

   This post was sponsored by Better Than Bouillon as part of an
   Influencer Activation for Influence Central and all opinions expressed
   in my post are my own.

   Looking for a hearty yet meatless meal? Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese
   is filling, flavorful and is a delicious one-pot meal in 30 minutes or
   less.

   Vegetarian Mac and Cheese Vegetarian Mac and Cheese

   Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese

   I love a hearty dish as much as the next person. Good old stick to your
   ribs meal that leaves you feeling satisfied and your hunger conquered.
   I also like having recipe options that are meatless and easy to
   prepare.

   Being a student, I have a hectic schedule. For this reason, I am always
   happy to find a quick recipe that will get dinner on the table in a
   flash such as this Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese.

   Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese is a one-pot meal that is done from
   start to finish in less than 30 minutes. Can’t beat that, can you? Plus
   there’s always leftovers, which are great for packing up and enjoying
   in between classes.

   Chili Mac and Cheese Chili Mac and Cheese

   I also love that Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese has simple pantry
   ingredients. Of course the cheese will come from my refrigerator, but
   all in all, I have everything I need to make this meal easily on hand.

   One of the key ingredients that make this comfort meal shine is Better
   Than Bouillon. Did you know that Better Than Bouillon offers a
   selection of vegetarian and certified vegan products? Yes, they do and
   they are perfect for taking your recipes to the next level with depths
   of flavors you’ll love.

   Better Than Bouillon’s vegetarian and certified vegan flavors include:
   Seasoned Vegetable Base, Roasted Garlic Base, Organic Seasoned
   Vegetable Base, Vegetarian No Beef Base, and Vegetarian No Chicken
   Base.

   I used Better Than Bouillion Vegetarian No Beef Base in my Vegetarian
   Chili Mac and Cheese to add some extra flavor while keeping the dish
   meatless. You can use it as a broth or even as a marinade to impart
   additional flavor. The product comes in a concentrated paste and will
   boost the flavor or any meatless dish or plant-based meal.

   Easy Mac and Cheese Recipe Easy Mac and Cheese Recipe

   Once you’ve opened a jar of Better Than Bouillon, simply refrigerate.
   Such a better alternative to canned broths that I forget in the fridge
   and expire quickly once opened. Let alone cubes which can be gritty or
   give you a hard time dissolving thoroughly.

   I find using Better Than Bouillion a snap. You only need 1 teaspoon of
   the concentrated paste added to 1 cup of hot water. Stir to easily
   dissolve.

   Fun fact: my university is ranked as the “snowiest” university in the
   United States. With the cold and snowy winter months approaching I’ll
   be making this yummy dish regularly. Such a great meatless meal that’s
   full of flavor.

   Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese Recipe Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese
   Recipe

   For more information about Better Than Bouillion products, visit their
   website: CLICK HERE

   Yield: 6 servings

Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese

   Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese
   (BUTTON) Print
   Looking for a hearty yet meatless meal? Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese
   is filling, flavorful and is a delicious one-pot meal in 30 minutes or
   less.
   Prep Time 5 minutes
   Cook Time 20 minutes
   Total Time 25 minutes

Ingredients

     * 2 Tablespoons Olive Oil
     * 1/2 cup onion, diced
     * 2 cloves garlic, minced
     * 2 Tablespoons flour
     * 1 Tablespoon Chili Powder
     * 1 teaspoon Cumin
     * 15 ounce can Kidney beans
     * 15 ounce can Pinto beans
     * 15 ounce can Tomato sauce
     * 15 ounce can diced tomatoes
     * 1/2 cup salsa
     * 2 teaspoons Better Than Bouillon Vegetarian No Beef Base
     * 2 cups hot water
     * 2 cups uncooked macaroni noodles
     * 1.5 cups cheddar cheese, shredded

Instructions

   In large non-stick pot heat oil over medium-high heat. Add in onion and
   garlic and stir to coat. Cook until onion is lightly golden.

   Stir in flour and cook 2-3 minutes.

   Drain and rinse both cans of beans.

   Add to mixture: chili powder, cumin, kidney beans, pinto beans, tomato
   sauce, diced tomatoes, and salsa. Stir to combine.

   Dissolve Better Than Bouillion Vegetarian No Beef Base into hot water.
   Add to pot, stir to combine.

   Pour in uncooked macaroni noodles and stir well. Bring the pot to boil.
   Reduce heat to low and place a lid on the pot.

   Cook 12-13 minutes covered, stirring frequently to prevent noodles from
   clumping.

   Stir in shredded cheese.

Nutrition Information:

Yield:

   6

Serving Size:

   1
   Amount Per Serving: Calories: 428 Total Fat: 16g Saturated Fat: 6g
   Trans Fat: 0g Unsaturated Fat: 8g Cholesterol: 29mg Sodium: 1452mg
   Carbohydrates: 53g Net Carbohydrates: 0g Fiber: 12g Sugar: 10g Sugar
   Alcohols: 0g Protein: 21g
   This nutritional information can vary depending on the specific
   products you choose so this is a general guess of the correct
   nutritional information based on the products I used. Please keep that
   in mind when making the recipe.

   © madi
   Category: Dinner
   Looking for a hearty yet meatless meal? Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese
   is filling, flavorful and is a delicious one-pot meal in 30 minutes or
   less. Looking for a hearty yet meatless meal? Vegetarian Chili Mac and
   Cheese is filling, flavorful and is a delicious one-pot meal in 30
   minutes or less.

   Looking for a hearty yet meatless meal? Vegetarian Chili Mac and Cheese
   is filling, flavorful and is a delicious one-pot meal in 30 minutes or
   less. Looking for a hearty yet meatless meal? Vegetarian Chili Mac and
   Cheese is filling, flavorful and is a delicious one-pot meal in 30
   minutes or less.

   Filed Under: Dinner, Food, Main Course Tagged With: 30 minute meal,
   beans, cheese, easy recipe, macaroni, meatless, one pot, tomato,
   vegetarian

Filipino Carioca

   June 26, 2019 by madi Leave a Comment

   Filipino Carioca – A delicious dessert recipe from the Philippines!
   Fried sticky rice balls with a coconut caramel sauce that are
   addicting!

Filipino Carioca Filipino Carioca

Filipino Carioca

   I am so excited to be sharing this fantastic recipe from The lovely
   Abigail Sotto Raines’ new cookbook Rice. Noodles. Yum.  This great
   cookbook just came out a few days back and I got the chance to have a
   copy of it to check out! If you love southeast Asian food or if you
   have never tried making any recipes from the region before, it is worth
   checking out.  There are so many recipes in it that I am really excited
   to try out that range from fun noodle dishes to bite sized desserts
   such as this carioca recipe.

   Carioca Recipe Carioca Recipe

   When I first flipped through the cookbook, I was completely drawn
   towards her carioca recipe.  It was a treat I had never had before but
   it sounded right up my alley with loads of coconut and caramel sauce.
   The recipe called for just seven simple ingredients that I was able to
   find right at my local grocery store.

   Rice Noodles Yum Rice Noodles Yum

   Apart from coconut, the other main ingredient in carioca is glutinous
   rice flour.  If you have never used it before, never fear! It is
   avaliable at most grocery stores or right on amazon (HERE is the one I
   used).  It is different from rice flour because glutinous rice flour is
   made with short-grain white rice while other rice flours are usually
   made with either long-grain or medium-grain rice.  Weirdly enough,
   despite the name, glutinous rice flour doesn’t have gluten in it!

   Karioka Recipe Karioka Recipe

   Now carioca can either be served on a wooden skewer or individually.
   The skewer is definitely less messy but I opted to serve them
   individually with toothpicks to poke in.  After placing them on a
   plate, I drizzled the caramel sauce on top and then poured the extra in
   a little bowl to dip the carioca into.  These are definitely best
   served immediately but I found that you could re-crisp them up by
   placing them in the oven at 350 degrees the next day for just a few
   minutes or in a pan over medium heat, making sure to turn them over at
   least 1-2 times.  If you do not not plan on serving them all at once,
   try to avoid drizzling those you are saving with the caramel sauce.
   They will get much more soggy.

   Filipino Dessert Recipe Filipino Dessert Recipe

   One more additional note, if you do not have sweetened shredded
   coconut, you have a few options.  You can use unsweetened shredded
   coconut plus 1 tablespoon of granulated sugar instead.  Additionally,
   if you only have shaved coconut instead of shredded, put the coconut
   into a food processor with the shredding attachment and run it until
   the coconut is closer to the shredded consistency.

   Coconut Carioca Coconut Carioca

Can’t get enough of this filipino carioca recipe? Try these other recipes!

     * Italian Affogato – A delicious Italian dessert made from vanilla
       gelato or ice cream and topped with espresso.
     * Danish Aebleskiver – A fun, bite-sized classic danish breakfast!
       Light and fluffy pancake batter cooked in an aebleskiver pan until
       brown.
     * Hungarian Kifli – Rich and flaky traditional Hungarian cookies
       filled with a light walnut filling
     * Swedish Muskotsnittar – A Swedish crispy butter spice cookie made
       with just 6 ingredients.
     * Japanese Matcha Ice Cream – An easy summer dessert made with only 4
       ingredients!

   Filipino Recipe Filipino Recipe

   Yield: 6 servings (24 balls)

Filipino Carioca

   Filipino Carioca Filipino Carioca
   (BUTTON) Print

   Filipino Carioca - A delicious dessert recipe from the Philippines!
   Fried sticky rice balls with a coconut caramel sauce that are
   addicting!
   Prep Time 15 minutes
   Cook Time 15 minutes
   Total Time 30 minutes

Ingredients

     * 2 1/2 cups glutinous rice flour
     * 2 1/2 cups shredded sweetened coconut
     * 1 1/4 cups coconut milk
     * 2 cups neutral cooking oil for deep-frying (more if needed)
     * 1 can coconut cream
     * 1/2 cup + 3 tablespoons brown sugar
     * 1/2 teaspoon salt

Instructions

    1. In a bowl, mix the glutionous rice flour, sweetened shredded
       coconut, and coconut milk until a dough forms. Scoop out about a
       tablespoon of dough and shape into a ball. Repeat until all the
       dough is used up. A cookie dough scooper is helpful for this.
    2. Heat the cooking oil in a saucepan over medium heat to about 350
       degrees. To test if the oil is hot, dip skewer into it. When
       bubbles form around the skewer, the oil is ready. Fry the dough
       balls in batches for 4-5 minutes or until lightly browned all over.
       Scoop onto a strainer lined with paper towels to remove excess oil.
       Repeat until all the balls are cooked. Set aside.
    3. In a saucepan, stir together the coconut cream, sugar, and salt.
       Bring to a boil over medium heat. When it starts to boil, lower the
       heat slightly, stir and cook for 5-8 minutes or until the mixture
       has thickened.
    4. Dip the balls into the sauce, or to avoid sticky fingers, thread
       about four balls onto a wooden skewer and pour the caramel sauce
       over. Serve individually or on skewers.

Recommended Products

     * Hamilton Beach (35021) Deep Fryer, Cool Touch With Basket, 2 Liter
       Oil Capacity, Electric, Professional Grade Hamilton Beach (35021)
       Deep Fryer, Cool Touch With Basket, 2 Liter Oil Capacity, Electric,
       Professional Grade
       Hamilton Beach (35021) Deep Fryer, Cool Touch With Basket, 2 Liter
       Oil Capacity, Electric, Professional Grade
     * Mochiko Sweet Rice Flour (Pack of 2) Mochiko Sweet Rice Flour (Pack
       of 2)
       Mochiko Sweet Rice Flour (Pack of 2)
     * Rice. Noodles. Yum.: Everyone's Favorite Southeast Asian Dishes
       Rice. Noodles. Yum.: Everyone's Favorite Southeast Asian Dishes
       Rice. Noodles. Yum.: Everyone's Favorite Southeast Asian Dishes

   As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn
   from qualifying purchases.

Nutrition Information:

Yield:

   6

Serving Size:

   1
   Amount Per Serving: Calories: 1093 Total Fat: 95g Saturated Fat: 24g
   Trans Fat: 1g Unsaturated Fat: 68g Cholesterol: 0mg Sodium: 290mg
   Carbohydrates: 58g Net Carbohydrates: 0g Fiber: 5g Sugar: 20g Sugar
   Alcohols: 0g Protein: 6g
   This nutritional information can vary depending on the specific
   products you choose so this is a general guess of the correct
   nutritional information based on the products I used. Please keep that
   in mind when making the recipe.

   © madi
   Cuisine: Filipino / Category: Food
   Filipino Carioca - A delicious dessert recipe from the Philippines!
   Fried sticky rice balls with a coconut caramel sauce that are
   addicting! Carioca Recipe | Filipino Dessert Recipe | Karioka #dessert
   #filipino #recipe #easyrecipe #easydessert Filipino Carioca - A
   delicious dessert recipe from the Philippines! Fried sticky rice balls
   with a coconut caramel sauce that are addicting! Carioca Recipe |
   Filipino Dessert Recipe | Karioka #dessert #filipino #recipe
   #easyrecipe #easydessert

Never miss a Mildly Meandering recipe

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter

   Filipino Carioca - A delicious dessert recipe from the Philippines!
   Fried sticky rice balls with a coconut caramel sauce that are
   addicting! Carioca Recipe | Filipino Dessert Recipe | Karioka #dessert
   #filipino #recipe #easyrecipe #easydessert Filipino Carioca - A
   delicious dessert recipe from the Philippines! Fried sticky rice balls
   with a coconut caramel sauce that are addicting! Carioca Recipe |
   Filipino Dessert Recipe | Karioka #dessert #filipino #recipe
   #easyrecipe #easydessert

   Filed Under: Dessert, Food, International Recipes Tagged With: caramel,
   carioca, coconut, dessert, filipino, philippines, rice
   Next Page »

Primary Sidebar

Top Posts & Pages

   Hokkaido Milk Bread (Shokupan)
   Chicken Katsu
   Peanut Butter Cookie Mug Cake
   Melting Potatoes
   Carrot Cake Mug Cake
   Iced Green Tea Latte (Starbucks Copycat)
   Apple Snickerdoodle Cookies
   Vanilla Mug Cake

Find a Recipe

   Search ____________________ Search

Follow Along

     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * Pinterest
     * Twitter

   Copyright © 2019 Mildly Meandering on the Foodie Pro Theme

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PBN79J
