Anett John

Assistant Professor

CREST and ENSAE

     * Home
     * CV
     * Research
     * Conferences
     * Teaching

   image

Anett John

   Assistant Professor of Economics, CREST and ENSAE

   PhD, London School of Economics, 2014
   image

Research

     *

Main Fields
Development Economics
Behavioural Economics
Experimental Economics
     *

Secondary Fields
Applied Microeconomics,
Public Economics

References

     *

Prof. Oriana Bandiera
Prof. Maitreesh Ghatak
Dr. Gharad Bryan
Dr. Francesco Nava

Contact

     *

CREST
ENSAE Building, Office 4043
5 Avenue Henry Le Chatelier
91120 Palaiseau
France
Phone: +33(0)170266810
E-mail: anett.john@ensae.fr

Curriculum vitae

   image

Research

   image

Fieldwork team for my Commitment Savings project - September 2012,
Philippines

   My research applies behavioural models to topics in development
   economics, such as microfinance, human capital, and health. I am
   particularly interested in behavioural barriers to economic investment
   decisions. A strong past focus has been the impact of time preferences
   and self-control on individuals' lives. More recently, I am studying
   the importance of individuals' beliefs about themselves (captured in
   psychological concepts like agency and self-efficacy) for economic
   decisionmaking. Applications extend beyond developing countries to
   disadvantaged populations in high-income countries, such as unemployed
   youths in France. My methodology of choice are randomized field
   experiments that are firmly grounded in economic theory.
   Papers

When Commitment Fails - Evidence from a Field Experiment

   Ungated Version, Online Appendix
   Forthcoming, Management Science
   Coverage: The World Bank Development Impact Blog, IPA Project Page

Abstract

   Commitment products can remedy self-control problems. However,
   imperfect knowledge about their preferences may (discontinuously) lead
   individuals to select into incentive-incompatible commitments, which
   reduce their welfare. I conduct a field experiment where low-income
   individuals were randomly offered a new installment-savings commitment
   account. Individuals chose a personalized savings plan and a default
   penalty themselves. A majority appears to choose a harmful contract:
   While the average effect on bank savings is large, 55 percent of
   clients default, and incur monetary losses. A possible explanation is
   that the chosen penalties were too low (the commitment was too weak) to
   overcome clients' self-control problems. Measures of sophisticated
   hyperbolic discounting correlate negatively with take-up and default,
   and positively with penalty choices – consistent with theoretical
   predictions that partial sophisticates adopt weak commitments and then
   default, while full sophisticates are more cautious about committing,
   but better able to choose incentive-compatible contracts.

Can Simple Psychological Interventions Increase Preventive Health Investment?

   Joint with Johannes Haushofer and Kate Orkin
   NBER Working Paper No. 25731, April 2019, Submitted

Abstract

   Behavioral constraints may explain part of low demand for preventive
   health products. We test the effects of two light-touch psychological
   interventions on water chlorination and related health and economic
   outcomes using a randomized controlled trial among 3750 women in rural
   Kenya. One intervention encourages participants to visualize
   alternative realizations of the future; one builds participants'
   ability to make concrete plans to achieve goals. Both interventions
   include information on health benefits of chlorination. After twelve
   weeks, both interventions increase the share of households who
   chlorinate drinking water and reduce child diarrhea episodes. Analysis
   of mechanisms suggests both interventions increase self-efficacy –
   beliefs about one's ability to achieve desired outcomes – as well as
   the salience of chlorination. They do not differentially affect beliefs
   and knowledge about chlorination (compared to a group who receive only
   information), nor affect lab measures of time preferences or planning
   ability. Results suggest simple psychological interventions can
   increase use of preventive health technologies.

Flexible Microcredit: Effects on Loan Repayment and Social Pressure

   Joint with Kristina Czura and Lisa Spantig
   Preparing for Submission

Abstract

   Flexible repayment schedules allow borrowers to invest in profitable
   yet risky projects, but practitioners fear they erode repayment morale.
   We study repayment choices in rigid and flexible loan contracts. To
   separate strategic repayment choices from repayment capacity given
   income shocks, we conduct lab-in-the-field experiments with microcredit
   borrowers in the Philippines. Our design allows us to observe social
   pressure, which is considered both central to group lending, and
   excessive in practice. In our rigid benchmark contract, repayment is
   much higher than predicted under simple payoff maximization.
   Flexibility reduces excessive social pressure, but comes at the cost of
   reduced loan repayment. We present theoretical and empirical evidence
   consistent with a strong social norm for repayment, which is weakened
   by the introduction of discretion in repayment timing. Our results
   imply that cooperative behavior determined by social norms may erode if
   the applicability of these norms is not straightforward.

You Get What You Pay For: Evidence from a Jobseeker Conditional Cash Transfer
Program in France

   Joint with Romain Aeberhardt, Vera Chiodi, Bruno Crépon, Mathilde
   Gaini, and Augustin Vicard
   Preparing for Submission

Abstract

   Youth participation in programs designed to enhance their employability
   is usually low. This paper reports the results from a large randomized
   experiment in which young, unskilled jobseekers in France receive a
   monthly cash transfer for a two-year period totaling up to €4,800,
   conditional on their participation in the French national career
   guidance program. Cash transfers lead to a significant increase in
   program participation (which mainly entails meetings with counselors),
   and sharply reduced drop-out rates. As a result, there is a large
   increase in the job offers, vocational training and career building
   workshops proposed to the young jobseekers. However, the jobseekers'
   response to these increased opportunities for employability investment
   is a precisely estimated zero. Moreover, we observe a significant
   reduction in employment over the first six months and only a minor
   increase in income. The results point to a strong impact of financial
   incentives, but also to the need to design more sophisticated incentive
   schemes if the goal is to improve employability investments.

Can Fixed Regular Deposits Overcome Savings Constraints?

   Revue Économique 68, No. 5, 2017.
   A (much) earlier version with data from Bangladesh is available as EOPP
   Discussion Paper 51, March 2014,
   London School of Economics

Abstract

   Empirical evidence from developing countries suggests that there is a
   high demand for informal savings mechanisms even though these often
   feature negative returns - such as deposit collectors, ROSCAs,
   microloans, and informal borrowing. Why do people not just save at
   home, instead of relying on such costly devices? In a savings model
   with hyperbolic discounting and uncertainty, I show why a commitment to
   fixed regular savings deposits can help individuals to achieve the
   welfare-maximising level of savings, when they would not be able to do
   so on their own. Such regular-instalment commitment products further
   increase welfare by smoothing savings contributions. The setting is
   enriched by endogenising take-up, and giving individuals the ability to
   choose their own commitment stakes. The results point to the
   possibility that the observed demand for costly informal savings
   devices may simply represent a demand for commitment savings products
   with fixed periodic contributions, as they are commonly offered by
   banks in rich countries.
   Work in Progress
     * Self-Discrimination in Jobseeker Behaviour
       with Frédéric Schneider
     * Food at Work
       with Justin Sydnor and UPTAKE Chicago
     * Discrimination in the Rental Housing Market
       with Eric Mengus, Tomasz Michalski, and Frédéric Schneider
     * Does Mental Health Impede Economic Investment? Evidence from Syrian
       Refugees in Lebanon
       with Karlijn Morsink

   Older Work

Determinants of Urbanization

   Joint with Guanghua Wan, in Economics Working Paper Series 355, Asian
   Development Bank
   July 2013
   Coverage: The Economist

Abstract

   In light of the United Nations' latest urbanization projections,
   particularly with respect to China and India, a good understanding is
   needed of what drives aggregate urbanization trends. Yet, previous
   literature has largely neglected the issue in favor of studying urban
   concentration. Taking advantage of the latest UN World Urbanization
   Prospects, we use an instrumental variables approach to identify and
   analyze key urbanization determinants. We estimate the impact of GDP
   growth on urbanization to be large and positive. In answer to
   Henderson's (2003) finding that urbanization does not seem to cause
   growth, we argue that the direction of causality runs from growth to
   urbanization. We also find positive and significant effects of
   industrialization and education on urbanization, consistent with the
   existence of localization economies and labor market pooling.

Rien Ne Va Plus - The 2007/2008 Credit Crunch and What Gambling Bankers Had
to Do With It

   MSc Thesis, Best Dissertation Prize 2008, in The Warwick Economics
   Research Paper Series 892.
   August 2008

Abstract

   The paper argues that the incidence of moral hazard played a
   significant role in the 2007/2008 credit crunch. In particular, bank
   traders subjected to asymmetric compensation structures have an
   incentive to take excessive risks even when the bank's shareholders
   would prefer prudent investment. Traders' incentives are shown to be
   unaffected by capital regulations, with the associated financial burden
   falling upon the taxpayer through deposit insurance or government
   bail-outs. Selected case studies further indicate that the phenomenon
   of “gambling traders” was widespread during the credit crunch, when
   high bonuses tempted bank employees to invest in risky subprime-backed
   securities. The intransparency of structured products and the
   inaccuracy of credit ratings contributed to the employees' ability to
   conceal the underlying risk from the banks' shareholders. The analysis
   points to an urgent need to reform compensation practices in the
   financial sector.

Conferences and Talks

     * 2019
       January: BREAD Behavioral and Development Conference (Stanford)
       January: University of Birmingham (Experimental Seminar)
       February: Centre de Recherche en Économie et Management (Rennes)
       March: CSAE Conference (Oxford)
       March: CASD-IAB Conference (Paris)
       June: University of Exeter (Experimental Seminar)
       July: DIAL Development Conference (Paris)

Past Talks

     * 2018
       Yale University (Development Lunch Seminar)
       Behavioral Science and Health Symposium (University of
       Pennsylvania)
       Coller Conference on Behavioral Economics (CCBE), Tel Aviv
       ESA World Meeting, Berlin
     * 2017
       NBER-BREAD Winter Meeting
       European Network Development Conference (EUDN)
       AEA-ASSA Annual Meeting (poster)
       RWI Essen Seminar
       Maastricht Behavioral and Experimental Economics Symposium (M-BEES)
       Econometric Society European Meeting (Lisbon, two papers)
       CSAE Lunch Seminar (Oxford)
       Blavatnik Departmental Seminar (Oxford)
       CREST LMI-LEPP Seminar
       Paris School of Economics (Development Lunch Seminar)
       Berlin Youth Unemployment Conference (RWI, GIZ)
     * 2016
       Behavioral Economics Annual Meeting (BEAM), Cornell University
       (invited participant)
       Summer Institute on Field Experiments (SIFE), University of Chicago
       (invited participant)
       Passive Choices Workshop, University of Copenhagen
       Econometric Society European Meeting, Geneva
       IPA Gathering in Financial Inclusion, Yale University (participant)
       CERMi Seminar, Universities of Brussels and Mons
     * 2015
       Stanford Institute for Theoretical Economics (SITE), Session 6:
       Psychology and Economics
       Christmas Conference of the German Economists Abroad (GEA), Munich
       Symposium on Economic Experiments in Developing Countries (SEEDEC),
       Prague
       GATE-LAB Seminar, University of Lyon
       European meeting of the Economic Science Association, Heidelberg
       Annual Congress of the European Economic Association, Mannheim
       Annual Meeting of the French Experimental Economics Association,
       Paris
       London Experimental Workshop (LEW 2015)
       Paris School of Economics (Economics & Psychology Seminar)
       Annual Conference of the Centre for the Study of African Economies
       (CSAE), Oxford
       École Polytechnique, Paris
       UCSD Rady Spring School in Behavioural Economics, San Diego
       (participant)
     * 2014
       Pacific Conference for Development Economics (PacDev), UCLA
       Institute for Fiscal Studies (EDePo Workshop), London
       University of Western Ontario
       University of Edinburgh
       University of Konstanz
       CREST-ENSAE Paris
       International Conference of the Courant Research Centre on Poverty,
       Equity, and Growth, Göttingen
     * 2013
       London School of Economics, STICERD Seminar
       Annual International Conference of the Research Committee on
       Development Economics (Verein für Socialpolitik), Munich

Teaching

   Current Teaching (2018/19)
   All teaching materials can be found on Pamplemousse.
   Econometric Evaluation of Public Policies (ENSAE, Paris-Saclay)
   Joint with Bruno Crépon
   Development Microeconomics (ENSAE, Paris-Saclay)
   Experimental and Behavioural Economics (ENSAE, Paris-Saclay)
   Joint with Guillaume Hollard

   Office hour
   Term time: By appointment (ENSAE, Office 4043).
   image

Past Teaching

     * 2018 2016
       Development Economics (ENSAE)
       with Jean-Noël Senne
     * 2018 2016
       Experimental and Behavioural Economics (ENSAE)
       with Guillaume Hollard
     * 2018 2015
       Econometric Evaluation of Public Policies (ENSAE)
       with Bruno Crépon
     * 2015 2014
       Econometric Evaluation of Public Policies (ENSAE)
       with Pauline Givord
     * 2014 2012
       EC411 Microeconomics for MSc Students(LSE)
       Course Guides
     * 2014 2012
       EC400 Statistics for MSc Students(LSE)
       Course Guides
     * 2012 2009
       EC201 Microeconomic Principles(LSE)
       Course Guides

Contact

E-mail:
anett.john@ensae.fr
Telephone:
+33(0)1411 77713

Address:
CREST
Building MK2, Office 2026
15 Boulevard Gabriel Peri
92245 Malakoff
France

   image
