   ipromote
   Open Navigation
   Sign In
     * Solutions
     * Technologies
     * Company
     * Sign In

   Select a page...
     * Terms of Use
     * Video Ads Terms of Service
     * Copyright FAQ
     * Advertising Guidelines
     * Copyright Policy
     * Advertising Opt-Out
     * Advertising Opt-In
     * Privacy Policy

Web User Privacy Policy

   This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices of iPromote.

   2KDirect, Inc., a Delaware corporation, doing business as iPromote,
   ("we", "us" or "iPromote") are very concerned about end users'
   ("Users", "End Users", "Web User" or "Web Surfers") privacy. To this
   end, we provide you with this Web User Privacy Policy ("Privacy
   Policy"), to explain to you about our data collection and protection
   practices, when you access, use, interact or engage with our website
   and/or services.

   Please note that this Privacy Policy is an integral part of our Terms
   of Use (available at: https://www.ipromote.com/terms/). If you do not
   agree to this Privacy Policy and to the data collection practices we
   describe here, please do not use or in any other way engage with our
   services. Please make sure you read the Privacy Policy carefully,
   understand it and consent to its terms.

iPromote and The Collection of Personal Information

   The term "Personal Information" means information that may be used,
   either alone or in combination with other information, to personally
   identify a natural person, (e.g., first and last names, email address,
   phone number and contact information). In some jurisdictions, Personal
   Information may also include your IP address.

   Web surfers who receive ads served by iPromote retain their anonymity
   where iPromote is concerned. For our ad serving service, iPromote does
   not collect self-identifying information. Your name, address, phone
   number, and e-mail address all remain your private information. When a
   Web Surfer engages with our ads, iPromote, itself or through our
   partners or third parties we have contractually engaged with (jointly:
   "Entities"), collect the following types of data that enable iPromote
   to provide its services:
     * Browser information: type, settings, language and cookie
       information.
     * Device, and connection information: device manufacturer, its model,
       its operating system information including its version and type of
       connection, its IP (Internet Protocol) addresses the device's
       unique identifiers, geolocation marker and Internet service
       provider.
     * Information about your activity: visits to our or our Entities apps
       and pages and statistical information of the number of visits or
       use, ad views, ad clicks, the ads location and type and retargeting
       data, which reveals previous interest in a product, app or website.
     * Web Surfer Information and or inferences about the Web Surfer
       interests: information that allow us to personalize ads for Web
       Surfers, which we receive from our Entities, i.e., information
       about your interests, or demographic information.

   iPromote may also collect information we receive directly from you. If
   you contact us directly through our website or by email, we may collect
   the information you provided us. E.g., when you submit a form on our
   website or send us an email.

   iPromote may combine the non identifying information it collected from
   other sources in order to optimize iPromote's services to its client
   and partners.

   There are instances where a Web user may provide specific personal
   information in response to an ad that was served by iPromote,
   containing a survey, purchase agreement, or registration questionnaire.
   The Advertiser uses this information to deliver the goods or services
   requested by the user. Any personal information that a user voluntarily
   provides to an Advertiser is subject to the privacy policy of that
   Advertiser. We recommend that anytime you choose to voluntarily submit
   personal information online, you should first visit and review the
   privacy policy of that site..

   iPromote Clients and Partners: If you are a "Client" or "Partner" of
   iPromote (i.e. an Advertiser or Web Publisher who has registered with
   iPromote to do business with iPromote) you are requested to provide
   personal information in order to participate in iPromote programs. The
   collection of this information is part of regular business practices
   and is necessary in order to complete transactions and properly run and
   administer these services. Should anyone be uncomfortable providing
   this information to iPromote, they can choose not to participate.
   Information collected during the registration or application processes,
   include: company name, name, e-mail, street address, and phone number.
   Overall, Advertiser and Publisher information is used for administering
   the program, maintaining account information, and processing billing
   and payments.

Data Retention

   Unless required otherwise by applicable law, iPromote retains Personal
   Information it may collect for as long as needed to provide its
   services, operate them, monitor them, and to comply with its legal
   obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements.

Cookies and Web Beacons

   Like most digital marketing solutions, iPromote uses "cookies" and
   other technologies to enhance users' experiences on the web, to deliver
   more relevant ads, and for ad delivery and reporting. We cannot use
   these technologies to personally identify you, and these technologies
   do not damage your system or files. iPromote uses these technologies to
   help recognize a unique computer or device so we are able to deliver
   relevant advertising and measure the impact of that advertising. The
   types of technologies used include:
     * Cookies – Cookies are small text files that contain a string of
       characters. iPromote uses cookies to change the sequence of the ad
       banners that are delivered to your web browser and to limit the
       number of times your web browser receives the same advertisement.
       Cookies are also used by our reporting system to estimate the total
       reach of an ad campaign, the number of times an ad is clicked on,
       and how many Web surfers visit an Advertiser's website.
     * Web Beacons – Web Beacons are used to help web publishers
       understand how visitors interact with their websites. Pixel tags
       are transparent images, iFrames, or JavaScript that are placed on a
       site. The use of a pixel tag allows a website to measure the
       actions of the visitor opening the page that contains the tag.

   iPromote uses cookies and pixel tags primarily to: (i) report to
   iPromote's advertiser and Web site clients the estimated total reach of
   an ad campaign; (ii) report the frequency with which an ad was shown to
   a user and other measurement statistics; (iii) ensure that an ad
   displayed to a user corresponds to the correct click-through
   destination; (iv) deliver a series of advertisements in the proper
   sequence; (v) deliver advertisements that fall within certain
   categories such as sports, music, travel, food, etc.; and (vi) limit
   the number of times a browser is delivered the same advertisement.

Your Choices

   iPromote firmly believes that every individual who uses the Internet
   should be able to make informed decisions with respect to individual
   privacy matters, including the use of cookies. Thus, we are happy to
   provide you with a number of choices. You can choose to accept or
   refuse cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. You
   can also opt to be warned before a cookie is put on your computer. You
   can also choose to periodically delete cookies from your computer's
   hard drive, clearing out all historical data that may have been saved
   from your previous online sessions. In addition, iPromote provides you
   the opportunity to opt-out of just iPromote's cookies by following the
   opt-out procedure set forth below.

   If you desire to "opt-out" of iPromote advertising cookies now, click
   here. Following the opt-out process, you will continue to have one
   iPromote cookie on your computer, but for all intents and purposes, it
   will contain only an "off switch" used merely to tell us not to put any
   new cookies on your computer.

   iPromote is a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and
   adheres to the DAA principles for Interest Based Advertising
   http://www.aboutads.info/principles. The DAA establishes and enforces
   responsible privacy practices across industry for relevant digital
   advertising, providing consumers with enhanced transparency and
   control. Consumers may opt out of Interest Based Advertising. The DAA
   offers a Consumer Choice Page http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. To
   learn more, please visit http://www.aboutads.info.

   In Europe, iPromote is a member of the European Interactive Digital
   Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and a signatory to the Self-Regulatory
   Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising
   (http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/). The EDAA offers a Consumer
   Choice Page (http://youronlinechoices.eu) (opt-out). To learn more,
   please visit http://edaa.eu.

   There are also two additional options for web users who wish to opt-out
   of receiving cookies. At any time, you can follow the simple procedures
   below to either manually delete cookies from your hard drive or
   automatically block the use of all cookies by changing a setting in
   your browser.

How Can Users Delete Cookies?

   One way you can delete cookies stored on your computer, and therefore
   interrupt the process by which Web sites and advertisers collect
   non-personally identifiable information, is to delete all cookies on
   your computer's hard drive. This will delete cookies from our clients
   and everybody else. Depending on your Internet browser, you can delete
   all cookies in the following way:

   Microsoft Internet Explorer
     * Menu: Tools-Internet Options
     * Select Tab: Settings
     * Select Tab: View Files
     * Select and delete the cookies you want to delete from your hard
       drive.

   Netscape Navigator
     * Menu: Edit-Preferences
     * Select Category: Advanced
     * Find section: Cookies
     * Select your choice

   Please consult the user manual or help file for your particular browser
   for any changes to the above process.

How Can Users Block Cookies?

   One way you can stop cookies from being put on your computer is to
   block all cookies by disabling cookies in your Internet browser
   configuration. This will block cookies from our clients and everybody
   else. Depending on your Internet browser, you can block all cookies in
   the following way:

   Microsoft Internet Explorer
     * Menu: Tools-Internet Options
     * Select Tab: Privacy
     * Pull "slider" to "Block All Cookies," which is the highest setting

   Netscape Navigator
     * Menu: Edit-Preferences
     * Select Category: Advanced
     * Find section: Cookies
     * Select your choice

Individual Access to Their Personal Data

   It should be noted that certain jurisdictions allow their residents
   certain rights over their information ,including to review, edit, and
   limit the use and disclosure of their personal data. If you are an End
   User of such jurisdiction, to date, iPromote does not collect any
   Personal Information that may identify you so we would not be able to
   exercise these rights. If you are our customer of such jurisdiction,
   you may send an email with your request to: privacy@ipromote.com.

Linked Sites

   Advertisements delivered by iPromote on behalf of its clients can
   contain links to other sites. Please be aware that linked sites are not
   covered by this privacy policy although they may adhere to their own
   similar policies. iPromote does not assume any responsibility or
   liability for the actions, products, services and content of linked
   sites. We recommend that you visit and review the privacy policies of
   linked sites, as we have no control over information that is submitted
   to, or collected by, these third parties.

Contacting iPromote

   iPromote openly volunteers its privacy practices. If you have any
   questions or you feel we are violating any privacy principle, please
   contact us at privacy@ipromote.com.

   iPromote has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
   complaints to the European Data Protection Authorities as an
   alternative dispute resolution provider. If you do not receive timely
   acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed
   your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit
   http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-p
   rotection-authorities/index_en.htm for more information or to file a
   complaint. The services of the European Data Protection Authorities are
   provided at no cost to you. If the European Data Protection Authorities
   finds us to be in violation of any privacy principle, we will correct
   the situation and stop processing the data of the user bringing the
   complaint.

   iPromote also adheres to the IAB Europe OBA Framework and is committed
   to following the EDAA Good Practice Principles
   (http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/goodpractice). If you feel we are not
   adhering to these principles, please contact us at
   privacy@ipromote.com. If you think your inquiry has not been
   satisfactorily addressed, then you may follow the complaint procedures
   at http://youronlinechoices.com/uk/make-a-complaint.

U.S.-EU Privacy Shield Program

   iPromote complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set
   forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use,
   and retention of personal information transferred from the European
   Union to the United States. iPromote has certified to the Department of
   Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is
   any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy
   Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn
   more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification,
   please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. iPromote is committed to
   subject all personal data received from the EU to the principles of
   Privacy Shield, including: Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward
   Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and
   Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.

   As required by the Privacy Shield Framework:
     * iPromote is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of
       the Federal Trade Commission (FTC),
     * Under certain conditions, individuals may invoke binding
       arbitration
     * Promote is required to disclose personal information in response to
       lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national
       security or law enforcement requirements
     * iPromote has responsibility for the processing of personal
       information it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently
       transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We
       shall remain liable under the Principles if our agent processes
       such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the
       Principles, unless the iPromote proves that it is not responsible
       for the event giving rise to the damage.

Changing Our Privacy Practices

   Please note that because of the changing nature of both technology and
   privacy laws, consumer needs, and our business, iPromote is committed
   to the constant monitoring and examination of its privacy practices,
   and may, from time to time, institute changes to its Privacy Policy. In
   the event that any material changes are made to the company's privacy
   practices, we will promptly make changes to this privacy policy and we
   will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of
   what information we collect and how we use it. Regardless of any future
   changes, however, we will never use the information you submit under
   this current policy in a new way without first providing you an
   opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use.

Children's Privacy and Spam

   As of April 21, 2000 the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
   became effective. The regulations apply to the online collection of
   personal information from children under the age of 12. iPromote is
   very sensitive to the issue of children's privacy and makes every
   effort to protect the privacy of children using the Internet.
   iPromote's Web site, products, and services are not developed for or
   directed at children. Our policy is not to permit anyone under the age
   of 18 to do business with us. If you believe your child has provided
   iPromote with any personally identifiable data by registering at
   iPromote's Web site, please e-mail us at privacy@ipromote.com to have
   the data removed. We also request that all Web sites using our
   advertising network disclose in their privacy statements any and all
   information regarding the collection of information from children. In
   addition to the above, iPromote is committed to proper Internet
   practices and full compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C.
   7701).

A Special Note About the European Union

   Any Personal Information that we may collect according to this Privacy
   Policy is handled and treated in compliance with the EU general data
   protection regulation.

Security

   iPromote takes appropriate precautions to protect our users'
   information. Your account information is located on a secured server
   behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit
   card number or your password), we encrypt that information using secure
   socket layer technology (SSL). (To learn more about SSL, go to
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Sockets_Layer). iPromote also has
   an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of
   customer and other data, limiting access only to those employees who we
   reasonably believe need to know such information for the purpose of
   performing their jobs. Please keep in mind, however, that the Internet
   is not a 100% secure medium. Therefore, although we use reasonable
   efforts to protect information, the possibility of somebody defeating
   our security measures does exist.

   Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to
   disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a
   good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with an
   appropriate law enforcement investigation, current judicial proceeding,
   a court order or legal process served on our ad servers or Web site. In
   addition to the above, there is also the possibility that iPromote, or
   part of the company, may one day be purchased by, or merged with,
   another company. If that's the case, the acquiring (or merging) company
   will have access to our information.

Cross-Border Data Transmission

   iPromote may transfer the information it collects (including any
   Personal Information) outside the country in which it is collected or
   in which you reside, including to a country that may not offer the same
   level of protection for Personal Information as the country in which
   you reside. In such cases, we ensure to implement contractual
   safeguards to make sure the processed information receives an adequate
   level of protection when it is transferred between or among third party
   vendors. By providing Personal Information and engaging our services,
   you expressly consent to our use of the information in accordance with
   this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of your information to another
   country.

Disclosure

   Except as otherwise restricted by law, regulation, or contract,
   iPromote reserves the right to publish or otherwise make public
   anonymous, aggregate, or summary information regarding users and
   campaigns run on behalf of our clients. We may share user-level data
   with clients. There also may be instances when we disclose information
   in our systems in order to protect the legal rights of iPromote or its
   employees, agents, and contractors; protect the safety and security of
   users and visitors to our Website; protect against fraud; or to comply
   with the law or legal process. If iPromote sells all or part of its
   business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved
   in a merger or business transfer, we may transfer information in our
   systems to a third party as part of that transaction.

   ipromote
     * Solutions
     * Technologies
     * Company
     * Sign In

     * Sitemap
     * Terms
     * Contact

   © 2019 2KDirect, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
   +

   ipromote
   Open Navigation
   Sign In
     * Solutions
     * Technologies
     * Company
     * Sign In

Your Local
Advertising Platform

   iPromote provides industry-leading display advertising solutions for
   enterprise resellers to sell & manage SMB advertisers of any budget
   size at scale.
   Explore Our Solutions or Watch Video

A few of our top Partners:

     * Microsoft
     * Vivial
     * Yell
     * Yellowbook
     * Paginas Amarillas
     * Marquette Group

Customize Our Solutions To Fit Your Business

   Explore Our Solutions
     * A La Carte Features
    À La Carte Features
       Choose the features that benefit you most. Our platform is made to
       fit any business.
     * Customizable Bundles
    Customizable Bundles
       Whether you're building your own ad-purchasing app or empowering
       your sales team, we have what you need.
     * Automated Ad Creation
    Automated Ad Creation
       Our Ad Builder simultaneously creates web, mobile and social ads
       automatically using existing web content.

Backed By Industry-leading Technologies

   Explore Our Technologies

Multi-Channel Optimization

   Consolidated Web, Mobile, And Social Advertising
   Learn More

AdExpert Engine

   Programmatic Delivery & Optimization
   Learn More
     * Web Audience
     * Social Audience
     * Mobile Audience

iPromote API

   Fully-customizable Integrations
   Learn More

   [seg?add=1570420&t=2]

   ipromote
     * Solutions
     * Technologies
     * Company
     * Sign In

     * Sitemap
     * Terms
     * Contact

   © 2019 2KDirect, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
   +

   ipromote
   Open Navigation
   Sign In
     * Solutions
     * Technologies
     * Company
     * Sign In

Your Local
Advertising Platform

   iPromote provides industry-leading display advertising solutions for
   enterprise resellers to sell & manage SMB advertisers of any budget
   size at scale.
   Explore Our Solutions or Watch Video

A few of our top Partners:

     * Microsoft
     * Vivial
     * Yell
     * Yellowbook
     * Paginas Amarillas
     * Marquette Group

Customize Our Solutions To Fit Your Business

   Explore Our Solutions
     * A La Carte Features
    À La Carte Features
       Choose the features that benefit you most. Our platform is made to
       fit any business.
     * Customizable Bundles
    Customizable Bundles
       Whether you're building your own ad-purchasing app or empowering
       your sales team, we have what you need.
     * Automated Ad Creation
    Automated Ad Creation
       Our Ad Builder simultaneously creates web, mobile and social ads
       automatically using existing web content.

Backed By Industry-leading Technologies

   Explore Our Technologies

Multi-Channel Optimization

   Consolidated Web, Mobile, And Social Advertising
   Learn More

AdExpert Engine

   Programmatic Delivery & Optimization
   Learn More
     * Web Audience
     * Social Audience
     * Mobile Audience

iPromote API

   Fully-customizable Integrations
   Learn More

   [seg?add=1570420&t=2]

   ipromote
     * Solutions
     * Technologies
     * Company
     * Sign In

     * Sitemap
     * Terms
     * Contact

   © 2019 2KDirect, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
