   Adimo
     * Home
     * Products
          + Add to basket
          + Buy it now
          + Where to buy
     * About
          + Careers
          + Contact
     * News
     * Book a demo

   (BUTTON)

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Who we are

   Thanks for using our Adimo product (“Adimo”).  Adimo is owned and
   operated by Rico Developments Limited a company incorporated in
   Scotland (company number SC371462) with its registered office at Studio
   104, First Floor, 60-64 Osborne Street, Glasgow G1 5QH (“We”/ “Us”).

   We take your privacy rights very seriously and we are committed to
   always protecting and respecting them. This privacy policy (together
   with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to within it)
   sets out the way in which the personal data you provide to us (and the
   data collected by us) is handled, stored and processed.

   Rico Developments Limited is registered with the Information
   Commissioner’s Office for data protection purposes and the registration
   number is ZA067956.

Scope of this Privacy Policy

   This Privacy Policy relates to all personal data collected and used to
   deliver the Adimo product to our customers.

Information we use

   Adimo collects and uses three different types of information from
   individuals. These are:

   Usage data: Usage data refers to how you interact with Adimo and is
   collected automatically on all users. The aim of this is to provide our
   third-party clients (e.g. retailers and brand owners) with aggregated
   data to help them get a better understanding of how users interact with
   Adimo, to learn things like which products are most frequently added to
   baskets.

   Usage data is never personalised and cannot be tracked back to specific
   individuals.  Specific usage data we may collect is:
     * Information about how you interact with Adimo: how you are using
       Adimo, e.g. products clicked, products added, total baskets added,
       retailer selected.
     * Browser information: browser type and version, time zone setting,
       browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform,
       location data, weblogs and other communication data and the
       resources that you access. This helps us to ensure that Adimo
       continues to provide an excellent user experience across the
       majority of browser and device types.
     * Location based information: The IP address used to benefit from
       Adimo, e.g. the country, region, and city from which a computer is
       connecting to the Internet. This may be used to provide the brand
       owners with some knowledge about where you are using Adimo.

   We are keen to reassure you that the usage data we automatically
   collect about you is statistical data about browsing actions and
   patterns and will not be used in a way to identify you as individuals.
   For more information see our Cookies Policy below.

   Account data: This is only collected when you register and create an
   Adimo account. The aim of Adimo accounts is to streamline the Adimo
   process and make it easier for you to quickly add the products you want
   without needing to select a retailer or enter login details.

   To do this we need to collect the following data from you:
     * Email address you use for your Adimo account;
     * Password you use for your Adimo account; and
     * Login details for retailer:
          + Preferred retailer;
          + Email address you use with your retailer account; and
          + Password you use with your retailer account.

   Contact Us Information When you chat to us by telephone, email etc. or
   fill out a form on our website we will collect the information that you
   give us at that time e.g. your name, email address or telephone
   number.  We do not receive user payments and will not ask for your card
   details, so be safe and never give out sensitive information to anyone
   who claims to be Adimo or asked by us to obtain your details from you.

How we use your information

   All the data we collect via Adimo is with your explicit consent and is
   used to offer and improve the services we provided.  In particular,
   your personal data is used for the following purposes:
     * to provide Adimo to you and to be able to add products to your
       basket;
     * to ensure that Adimo is presented in the most effective manner for
       you and whichever device you might be using;
     * to respond to you when you contact us and/or to deal with any
       feedback or any other information given us when you contact us;
     * to let you know about changes to Adimo;
     * to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve
       to you and others, and to make sure it is all relevant to you
       rather than spam;
     * to let you know about other exciting products and services that
       Adimo may offer from time to time.

Profiling

   We may use your personal data to provide you with information, products
   or services which we think will interest you.  We may also pass on your
   information in aggregate form (e.g. not identifiable to you) to
   advertisers and advertising networks to allow them to select and to
   serve relevant adverts to you and others and to reach the kind of
   audience they would like to target.   If you have any concerns about
   your personal data being used in this way, please contact us
   at privacy@adimo.co

When we might disclose your data

   We keep your data private as if it were our own, but sometimes we may
   pass it on to third parties.  The people we pass it on to will depend
   on the type of data.

   We may pass on Usage Data to:
     * any company that is a member of our group, which means our
       subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries; or
     * selected third parties including business partners, suppliers and
       sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into
       with them; or
     * retailers with whom you have accounts with and which you have
       provided us with user names and passwords for; or
     * our clients who allow users to add products to their baskets
       through Adimo unless you tell us in writing that you don’t want us
       to do that; or
     * a prospective buyer or investor and their professional advisers; or
     * anyone because of a legal duty or obligation upon us (e.g. the
       police, The Information Commissioner or any other government body);
       or
     * analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the
       improvement and optimisation of Adimo.

   We may pass on Account Data to:
     * any company that is a member of our group, which means our
       subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries; or
     * anyone because of a legal duty or obligation upon us (e.g. the
       police, The Information Commissioner or any other government body).

   Other than as we have set out above, we would never sell on your
   details without your prior consent. We also feel it is important to
   protect us, our users and our clients against fraud and credit risk and
   will exchange information with the relevant people if we are legally
   required to do so.

How we store your data

   By submitting your personal data, you are telling us that you are happy
   for us to transfer, store and process your data.  In return we will
   take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is transferred,
   stored and processed securely and in accordance with this privacy
   policy. We do not, as at the effective date of these terms and
   conditions, transfer any personal data outside the EU.

   Where you have chosen a password when creating an Adimo account, you
   are solely responsible for keeping the password confidential. Please do
   not share your password with anyone. Where you have used your login
   details for a supermarket partner, we will encrypt and store these
   details on our secure servers. We will never share your password
   details with anyone.

   Although all appropriate technical security measures have been taken to
   protect your personal data, be aware that the transmission of any data
   via the internet is never completely secure and as such any
   transmission of data is made at your own risk. We have strict measures,
   procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access to your
   data.

How long we keep your data for

   Personal data that we process for any purpose shall not be kept for
   longer than is necessary for that purpose.   Notwithstanding the other
   provisions of this section, we will retain documents (including
   electronic documents) containing personal data:
     * to the extent that we are required to do so by law
     * if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or
       prospective legal proceedings
     * in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
       (including providing information to others for the purposes of
       fraud prevention and reducing credit risk)
     * to support the ongoing business purposes of Adimo as specified
       above (with due consideration for the rights and freedoms of
       individuals privacy)

   If you would like further details of how personal data is retained by
   our organisation, please contact us directly.

   IFRAME: https://campaigns.adimo.co/Static/cookieSettings.html

Your rights

   You have a number of rights under Data Protection law including:
     * The right to be informed about the collection and use of your
       personal data e.g. via this privacy notice
     * The right to access your personal data
     * The right to have any inaccurate personal data rectified, or
       completed if it is incomplete
     * The right to have your personal data erased in certain
       circumstances
     * The right to request the restriction or suppression of their
       personal data in certain circumstances
     * The right to data portability – to obtain and reuse your personal
       data for your own purposes across different services
     * The right to object to our use of your information in certain
       circumstances e.g. for marketing or profiling purposes

   If you would like to access your own personal information or exercise
   any of the rights detailed above, please contact us by email
   privacy@adimo.co.  In the majority of cases, we will respond to your
   request within one month of receiving the necessary information
   required to deal with your request.  In addition, you can opt out of
   the use of your personal data for marketing using the “unsubscribe”
   links we send you with emails.

   We may ask you to supply appropriate evidence of your identity (for
   this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport plus
   an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address) and
   any additional information to help us to deal with your request
   effectively.

   There may be some exemptions to dealing with your rights as specified
   in Data Protection law, but Adimo will ensure you are fully informed of
   this within a month of receiving your request.

   Full information on your rights under the Data Protection Act can be
   found from the following
   link:  https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-p
   rotection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/.

   If you have a concern that cannot be resolved through discussion with
   Adimo, these can also be raised with the Information Commissioner’s
   Office.  More information can be found from the following
   link https://ico.org.uk/concerns/

Changes to our privacy policy

   Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be
   posted on this page and, so please check from time to time to see if
   there are any changes.

Contact

   Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are
   welcomed and should be addressed to privacy@adimo.co

   Adimo’s goal is to make marketing useful by making it shoppable.
   Through our technology, we offer frictionless eCommerce solutions for
   brands, publishers and retailers. We also offer customers a connected,
   meaningful and convenient shopping experience.

Follow us at:

   FacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedin

   Privacy Policy - Terms - FAQ
     * Home
     * Products
     * About
          + Careers
          + Contact
     * News
     * Support
          + Adimo Account
          + FAQ
          + Privacy Policy
          + Terms

We value your privacy

   We (Adimo) and our trusted partners use cookies and similar technology
   to collect and analyse information about the users of this website and
   enhance the content, advertising and other services available on this
   website.

   Please click "Accept" to consent to the use of this technology. You can
   manage your preferences at any time by returning to the "Cookie
   Preferences" link in the footer of the website.
   (BUTTON) Decline (BUTTON) Accept
