   Thierry Viéville @ Inria

   icons/mnemosyne-logo.png

                   Here are my main personal on-going research activities.

                   Cortical map variational specification

   results/vieville-kornprobst:06.gif

                      Neuronal computational properties

   results/cessac-vieville:07.gif

                        multi-model robust Estimation

   results/vieville-lingrand-etal:01.gif

                           fast-brain Recognition

   results/vieville-crahay:04.png

                          trajectory Planification

   results/vieville-vadot:02.png

   Other recent research topics include virtual retina, biological motion
   recognition, optical imaging and computation with spikes.

   Older research topics are summarized in publications.

   icons/rainbowline.gif

     * Are biological neurons and networks that vicious ? Or only their
       model ?.
       A link is built between a biologically plausible generalized
       integrate and fire (GIF) neuron model with conductance-based
       dynamics and a discrete time neural network model with spiking
       neurons, for which rigorous results on the spontaneous dynamics has
       been obtained. More precisely the following has been shown.
       i) Occurrence of periodic orbits is the generic regime of activity,
       with a bounded period in the presence of spike-time dependence
       plasticity, and arbitrary large periods at the edge of chaos (such
       regime is indistinguishable from chaos in numerical experiments,
       explaining what is obtained in),
       ii) the dynamics of membrane potential has a one to one
       correspondence with sequences of spikes patterns ("raster plots")
       This allows a better insight into the possible neural coding in
       such a network and provides a deep understanding, at the network
       level, of the system behavior. Moreover, though the dynamics is
       generically periodic, it has a weak form of initial conditions
       sensitivity due to the presence of the sharp spiking threshold.
       A step further, constructive conditions are derived, allowing to
       properly implement visual functions on such networks. The time
       discretization has been carefully conducted avoiding usual bias
       induced by e.g. Euler methods and taking into account a rather
       complex GIF model for which the usual arbitrary discontinuities are
       discussed in details. The effects of the discretization
       approximation has been analytically and experimentally analyzed.
       With this new point of view, we also reconsider some ``biological''
       results obtained on ``models'' with biologically implausible
       discontinuities. It allows us to reduce the bio-physical membrane
       equation to a very simple but powerful gIF numerical model. This
       also dramatically reduces the algorithmic complexity of event-based
       network simulations.
       key-words. Cortical maps; Spiking neural networks; Edge of chaos.
       Co-authors. Bruno Cessac.
       Links.
          + On Dynamics of Integrate-and-Fire Neural Networks with
            Conductance Based Synapses (paper)
          + Revisiting time discretisation of spiking network models
            (poster)
          + To which extend is the ``neural code'' a metric ? (paper)
          + To which extend is the ``neural code'' a metric ? (poster)
          + Introducing numerical bounds to improve event-based neural
            network simulation (report)
          + Overview of facts and issues about neural coding by spikes
            (paper)
          + How Gibbs Distributions May Naturally Arise from Synaptic
            Adaptation Mechanisms. A Model-Based Argumentation (paper)
     * Specifying biological networks computations with variational
       approaches.
       We revisit here the links between (i) high-level specification of
       how the brain represents and categorizes the causes of its sensory
       input and (ii) related analog or spiking neural networks.
       Focusing on visual processing, we show -for a rather general class
       of cortical map computations- how it is possible to directly rely
       ``what is to be done'' (perceptual task) with ``how to do it''
       (neural network calculation).
       More precisely, in computer vision, efficient computations using
       implementations of regularization processes allows to obtain
       well-defined and powerful estimations. Having a biologically
       plausible representation of such mechanisms is thus a challenging
       issue.
       Reviewing recent ideas about brain activity representation, we show
       how the key idea is to (i) represent what is to be done as an
       optimization problem, (ii) considering regularization mechanisms
       (implemented using so-called partial-differential-equations) and
       (iii) ``compiling'' the related analog or spiking neural network
       parameters.
       The basement of the present contribution is the development of an
       unbiased approximation of a diffusion operator used in
       regularization mechanisms (introducing a summation property). A
       direct link between continuous formulation and the related sampled
       implementation is obtained. It also provides convergence properties
       for the related network.
       Not only analog networks but also deterministic spiking neural
       network can implement the present specifications, using here
       piece-wise approximations in the so called Spike Response Model,
       also leading to a fast event-based simulation of such networks.
       key-words. Cortical maps; Diffusion operator; Visual function;
       Cortical columns.
       Co-authors. Bruno Cessac, Horacio Rostro, Sandrine Chemla, Pierre
       Kornprobst.
       Links.
          + Variational methods as a computational model for cortical
            visual maps (slides)
          + Variational approaches for biological neural networks:
            Implementation and feedbacks (paper)
          + Modeling Cortical Maps With Feed-Backs (slides)
          + Reverse-engineering of the visual brain cortical maps
            computation using optical-imaging (poster)
          + Unbiased implementation of regularization mechanisms (paper)
          + Reverse-engineering in spiking neural networks parameters:
            exact deterministic parameters estimation (report)
          + On asynchronous dynamic neural field computation (short paper)
     * One step towards an abstract view of computation in spiking
       neural-networks.
       Neural network information is mainly conveyed through (i)
       event-based quanta, spikes, whereas high-level representation of
       the related processing is almost always modeled in (ii) some
       continuous framework. Here, we propose a link between (i) and (ii)
       which allows to derive the spiking network parameters given a
       continuous processing and also obtain an abstract interpretation of
       the related processing.
       In event based neural network models, the output of a neuron is
       entirely characterized by the sequence of spike firing times and
       the Gerstner and Kistler Spike Response Model of a biological
       neuron defines the state of a neuron via a single variable. At the
       computational level, using piece-wise linear profiles yields a
       closed-form calculation of the spiking events, thus allows to
       obtain an efficient and exact implementation of (1) in event-based
       massive neuronal simulators such as MVASPIKE.
       Using this model and following Maas and Natchslager, we represent
       the signal as the last spike delay with respect to a given temporal
       reference, consider piece-wise linear response profiles (as
       approximations of Hodhkins-Huxley related profiles), introduce a
       temporal discretization of the input current, and obtain a direct
       link with continuous representation of neural map computation:
       - the resistive coefficient being proportional to the spiking
       threshold
       - the variational approach diffusion being in direct relation with
       the synaptic weights
       - the corrective term being controlled by the axonal delay
       - the input gain being controlled by the input resistance
       with closed-form correspondence allowing to explicitly calculate
       the neural network parameters given an abstract continuous
       representation.
       This relationship is valid only in a given temporal window, with
       saturation outside, as for analog networks. Here it appears that
       fast adaptive delays (as observed in recent intra-cellular
       experiments of e.g. Fregnac et al.) is a crucial element in this
       model. In the derivation a constraint coherent with S.T.D.P.
       adaptation rules (yielding the same constraint) as derived by,
       e.g., Guyonneau. It also corresponds to what is obtained from a
       variational framework relating the neuronal weights to a continuous
       diffusion operator, as introduced by Cottet. This last formulation
       is in direct relation with a sub-class of Cohen-Grossgerg dynamical
       systems.
       We illustrate the previous derivation with an event-based
       implementation of an early-vision processing layer, for a 1D
       spiking neural network, correspond to an edge-preserving smoothing
       of the input, using a non-linear diffusion operator.
       key-words. Cortical maps; Diffusion operator; Visual function;
       Spiking neural networks.
       Co-authors. Léonard Gérard, Pierre Kornprobst, Olivier Rochel, et
       al.
       Links.
          + From variational to spiking network image segmentation
            techniques (poster)
          + A first step towards in silico neuronal implementation of
            early-vision map (paper)
          + A first step towards in silico neuronal implementation of
            early-vision map (slides)
          + Action Recognition Using a Bio-Inspired Feedforward Spiking
            Network
     * Neural fields and self-organizing receptive fields using a
       variational approach.
       Self organizing-maps, as e.g. introduced by Kohonen, are artificial
       neural networks characterized by competitive learning of the
       processing elements. They thus can be used for the pattern analysis
       of input signal. Here we consider, as a working example, the
       self-organization of visual receptive fields, as it occurs in V1
       and study to which extend using a variational approach may help
       specifying such a mechanism.
       The goal of the present contribution is thus humble in the sense
       that we simply would like to explore at a technical level, the
       advantages and limits of the variational specification in this
       case, in order to better adjust the parameters.
       This formulation includes non-linear formulation of self-organizing
       maps as proposed by Fort and Pages, while unusual non-linear
       profiles allowing edge preserving smoothing, via non-linear
       diffusion are introduced. This criterion also acts as a convergence
       function (à la Lyapounov) of the underlying dynamical system.
       The assumption is that they contribute to regularize the learning
       process. As such, they likely speed-up the convergence. They
       however constraint the solution to be taken in a more restrictive
       space of smoother functions. Experimental results are going to
       confront these assumptions to the ground truth.
       A step ahead, the ``arg max'' rule itself is implemented by a
       winner-take-all mechanism, given an initial condition, the
       formulation leading to a local distributed implementation and
       guaranties the convergence towards a local minimum of the
       criterion.
       A theoretical result predicts a stable interaction though
       feed-backs between these two layers and an experimental
       verification is proposed here.
       key-words. Cortical maps; Diffusion operator; Spiking neural
       networks.
       Co-authors. Frédéric Alexandre, Jérémie Fix, Axel Hutt, Nicolas
       Rougier.
       Links.
          + Self-Organizing Receptive Fields Using a Variational Approach
            (poster)
          + On practical neural field parameters adjustment (paper)
          + On practical neural field parameters adjustment (poster)
          + Algorithmic adjustment of neural field parameters (report)
     * A deterministic biologically plausible classifier.
       Regarding biological visual classification, recent series of
       experiments have enlighten that data classification can be realized
       in the human visual cortex with latencies of about 100 ms, which,
       considering the visual pathways latencies, is only compatible with
       a very specific processing architecture, described by the so-called
       Thorpe model. Surprisingly enough, this experimental evidence is in
       coherence with algorithms derived from the statistical learning
       theory, following the work of Vapnik. More precisely, there is a
       double link: on one hand, the Vapnik theory offers tools to
       evaluate and analyze the Thorpe model performances and on the other
       hand, this model is an interesting front-end for algorithms derived
       from the Vapnik theory. The present contribution develops this idea
       and experiments its performances using a tiny sign language
       recognition experiment.
       Biological motion recognition refers to our ability to recognize a
       scene (motion or movement) based on the evolution of a limited
       number of points acquired for instance with a motion capture tool.
       Much work has been done in this direction showing how it is
       possible to recognize actions based on these points. Following the
       reference work of Giese and Poggio, we propose an approach to
       extract such points from a video based on spiking neural networks
       with rank order coding. Using this estimated set of points, we
       verify that correct biological motion classification can be
       perfomed. We use some recent results of Thorpe et al. who claim
       that the neural information is coded by the relative order in which
       these neurons fire. This allows to select a limited set of relevant
       points to be used in the motion classification. Several experiments
       and comparisons with previous neurological work and models are
       proposed.
       The result of these simulations show that information from early
       visual processes appears to be sufficient to classify biological
       motion.
       key-words. Neuronal classifier; Supervised learning; Vapnik
       dimension.
       Co-authors. Sylvie Crahay, Yvan Dimov, Pierre Kornprobst, Simon
       Thorpe.
       Links.
          + Using an Hebbian Learning Rule for Multi-Class SVM Classifiers
            (paper)
          + A deterministic biologically plausible classifier (slides)
          + Could early visual processes be sufficient to label motion?
            (slides)
          + Could early visual processes be sufficient to label motions?
            (demo)
          + Reconnaître un animal : notre cerveau est plus rapide que nous
            ! (large-public presentation + demo)
     * Biologically plausible trajectory generators.
       Considering the biological or artificial control of a trajectory
       generation, we propose a biologically plausible model based on
       harmonic potentials.
       Such methods assume that obstacles to avoid (or constraints not to
       violate) correspond to maxima of the potential, while the goal
       corresponds to a unique minimum. The corresponding algorithm thus
       behaves as if one throws a sheet onto this state space, this
       hyper-surface relief being elevated on obstacles, with a hole at
       the goal location, so that finding a trajectory reduces to ``roll
       down'' along this relief towards the minimal height location.
       The originality of the present work is to build an harmonic
       potential (thus without local minimum) as a finite linear
       combination of elementary harmonic functions. The set of these
       components samples the border of the admissible domain bounded by
       obstacles or constraints.
       This leads to an internal representation of the problem as a
       non-topographical map incrementally built during the system
       exploration and non-linearly linked to the real problem geometry.
       As such, it provides a biologically plausible quantitative model of
       some hippocampus mechanisms and of the related cognitive maps, in
       coherence with usual biological assumptions about such behavior.
       key-words. Trajectory generation; Harmonic potential; Biological
       model.
       Co-authors. Cécile Vadot.
       Links.
          + An improved biologically plausible trajectory generator
            (report)
          + Biologically Plausible Trajectory Generator (slides)
          + Une solution au problème de la génération de trajectoires
            (large-public presentation + demo)
     * Multi-Model Parametric Estimation.
       This work is realized within the scope of a general attempt to
       understand parametric adaptation, regarding visual perception. The
       key idea is to analyze how we may use multi-model parametric
       estimation as a 1st step towards categorization. More generally,
       the goal is to formalize how the notion of ``objects'' or
       ``events'' in an application may be reduced to a choice in a
       hierarchy of parametric models used to estimate the underlying data
       categorization. These mechanisms are to be linked with what occurs
       in the cerebral cortex where object recognition corresponds to a
       parametric neuronal estimation.
       We hope to bring here an algorithmic element in relation with the
       ``grand-ma'' neuron modelization. We thus revisit the problem of
       parameter estimation in computer vision, presented here as a simple
       optimization problem, considering (i) non-linear implicit
       measurement equations and parameter constraints, plus (ii) robust
       estimation in the presence of outliers and (iii) multi-model
       comparisons.
       Here, (1) a projection algorithm based on generalizations of
       square-root decompositions allows an efficient and numerically
       stable local resolution of a set of non-linear equations. On the
       other hand, (2) a robust estimation module of a hierarchy of
       non-linear models has been designed and validated. A step ahead,
       the software architecture of the estimation module is discussed
       with the goal of being integrated in reactive software environments
       or within applications with time constraints.
       key-words. Non-linear estimation; Robust estimation; Multi-model
       estimation.
       Co-authors. François Gaspard, Diane Lingrand.
       Links.
          + Implementing a multi-model estimation method (report)
          + Implementing a multi-model estimation method (slides)
          + Estimation paramétrique multi-modèle robuste: une introduction
            (course notes)
          + Pourquoi ne pas confier au hasard ce qui est trop compliqué à
            estimer ? (large-public presentation + demo)
          + La grenouille et le robot ? (large-public presentation + demo)
     __________________________________________________________________
