   ﻿

   Loading, please wait.
   If you have Javascript disabled in your browser (not recommended) this
   message will not close - please ignore it.


   Location map:
   Location Map jonathanplantationhouse

   Jonathan the tortoise

   The world’s oldest land resident?

   Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at
   close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
   Dylan Thomas, Do Not Go Gentle into That Good Night

   [7wonders2018logo.gif]

   Jonathan is believed to be the world’s oldest living land animal.

   Jonathan the tortoise
   Jonathan the tortoise

   Below: Who is ‘Jonathan’? • So how old is Jonathan, really? • What type
   of tortoise is he? • Why ‘Jonathan’? • How fast is Jonathan? • Vet’s
   Report • Interview with Jonathan? • Not a Turtle… • Other giant
   tortoises at Plantation House • Tortoises are not toys! • Important
   Visitor Tip • Read More

   Reference is made below to Joe Hollins as our vet. Joe is no longer
   here but you can contact our local vet.

   [toptwentyttdflag.gif]

   Visiting Jonathan is one of our Top Twenty things to do during a visit
   to St Helena.

   [toptwentyttdflag.gif]

   Please see our Important Visitor Tip (below).

   Jonathan, in close-up
   Jonathan, in close-up

Who is ‘Jonathan’?

   Jonathan in 2016
   Jonathan in 2016{a}

   Jonathan is one of several giant tortoises that live in the grounds of
   Plantation House, the residence of the Governor of St Helena. Jonathan
   is the most famous because he is the oldest - indeed he may be the
   oldest living land animal on the planet!

   Visitors to Plantation House can see the tortoises roaming free in the
   grounds. If you’re lucky, Jonathan may pose for a photo!

   It could be argued that Jonathan has earned the status of a National
   Symbol, but this has never been publicly discussed.

   The local 5 pence coin has Jonathan on its reverse{1}.

So how old is Jonathan, really?

   We believe he is around years old, but we aren’t certain. Read on to
   find out why…

   Jonathan the tortoise ‘in a 1900 photograph’
   Jonathan, probably 1860s

   Naturally, nobody is really sure about his date-of-hatching. Tortoises
   don’t carry a ‘date of manufacture’ mark and the colonial government of
   St Helena had other more pressing things to worry about than tortoises.

   However, the belief is that he was brought to the island aged about 50
   back in 1882, which would make his date of hatching 1832. Only he knows
   his actual age and he isn’t saying (though what he does say is recorded
   below).

   Stories abound here that he met St Helena’s other famous resident
   Napoleon. But unless Jonathan’s age and arrival date have been
   mis-recorded by more than sixty years this cannot be true, which is sad
   because the idea of the former conqueror of most of Europe chatting
   away to a tortoise is appealing{2}.

   He was always famous on St Helena, but came to world media attention in
   2008 when the UK Daily Mail newspaper ran a story using this old
   photograph (right, top). Said to have been taken in 1900 and to show
   Jonathan with a Boer prisoner and his escort, the paper claimed this
   showed that at 176 he was the world’s oldest living animal. The
   St Helena Independent carried a version of the story, including quotes
   from local people speculating about Jonathan’s age and the reasons for
   his longevity (more about this below.) However, further research{b} has
   shown that this is only part of a larger photo (below, right). The
   larger photo has been dated somewhat earlier, sometime before 1886, and
   the humans are described in its accompanying text thus: these men are
   good types of Saint Helenians. Measurements show Jonathan (on the left)
   to be c.48 inches long - his length today, showing that he was fully
   grown by 1886. This does not confirm his age but it helps! It also
   leaves the identity of the tortoise on the right unknown (see below).

   In 2015, Island vet Joe Hollins said We have a record that he was
   landed in 1882 fully grown. We are told that fully grown is at least 50
   years of age, and so this is how we extrapolate back to a hatching date
   of 1832, and forward to a current age of 183 (now ). Life expectancy is
   150.

   However, it should be noted that other, contradictory, information
   exists. Governor Gallwey, writing some time after his term ended in the
   Journal of the Royal African Society, July, 1941, says:

     Two very interesting inmates of the Island, who lived in Government
     (a.k.a. Plantation) House grounds, were a couple of giant tortoises,
     weighing about 800 lbs. apiece. They had been presented to the
     Governor of the Island by the master of a sailing vessel in 1776,
     and were both going strong when I left the Island in 1911. They
     would walk away with the heaviest man on their backs without showing
     any signs of either disapproval or inconvenience. When I arrived in
     St Helena these two old inhabitants had been at Plantation for 126
     years. What age they were when they first arrived, I do not know.
     One died a few years ago, but I am under the impression that one
     still exists. The couple, male and female, never raised a family.

   If this is correct then Jonathan, the only survivor in 1941, would have
   been hatched before 1776, at least , and could indeed have met
   Napoleon. Sadly, we think this unlikely and suspect either that
   Governor Gallwey was misinformed or his memory of what he was told was
   inaccurate.

   So how old is Jonathan, really? Why not come and examine him for
   yourself? Maybe if you offer him some lettuce he’ll share his secrets
   with you.

   At least Guinness World Records accepts his age: see the article below.

   Jonathan in 1942 with Governor Bain Gray (1941-1946)
   Jonathan in 1942 with Governor Bain Gray (1941-1946){3}

‘mid-life’ crisis

   Jonathan playing croquet, 1969
   Jonathan playing croquet, 1969
   Jonathan gets a bath
   Jonathan gets a bath{4}

   In his (slightly) younger days, Jonathan was a lot more lively, and
   regularly escaped from his enclosure… A 1960s worker at ‘A&F’{5}
   recalls:

     I was also responsible for Jonathan. We used to have to carry him
     from Butcher’s Graves up in a big stretcher. He used to bust through
     any fence. He to used to go up Bishopsholme, up the church, even
     Rock Cottage. He would crawl up there some way!

   According to a newspaper report from 1969, his behaviour was attributed
   to loneliness and Emma and David were sent here to keep him company.
   The report (in the ‘Reading Eagle’, 11th August 1969) says that
   Jonathan had started causing trouble - disrupting croquet games by
   sitting on the balls and upending the benches by the tennis courts at
   Plantation House. So Governor Dermod Murphy requested a mate from Mahe
   in the Seychelles and got two for the price of one.

What type of tortoise is he?

   According to Jonathan’s Wikipedia article (yes, he’s famous enough to
   feature), Jonathan is a Seychelles Giant tortoise dipsochelys
   hololissa. It goes on to say that The Daily Mail article erroneously
   stated that Jonathan was of the species testudinipae cytodira. This is
   nonsensical, and appears to be a double misspelling as well as a
   reference not to his species, but rather to his family, testudinidae
   and genus, cryptodira respectively.. However if you look up the
   Wikipedia page for dipsochelys hololissa it states that the Seychelles
   Giant Tortoise is extinct, although it does mention that it has been
   suggested that some Seychelles island tortoises (12 known individuals)
   survive in captivity. The report of oddly-shaped captive tortoises
   prompted The Nature Protection Trust of Seychelles to examine the
   identity of the living tortoises. Examination of museum specimens of
   the ‘extinct’ Seychelles species by Dr. Justin Gerlach and Laura
   Canning seemed to show that some living tortoises possess
   characteristics of the extinct species. However, recently published
   scientific papers on the genetics of the Seychelles and Indian Ocean
   tortoises provide conflicting results. Some studies suggest only one
   species was present historically but others support the presence of
   three, closely related species..

   An examination (by a visiting vet in June 2009♦) of Jonathan’s rear end
   may have settled the matter. Apparently his ‘anal scut’ (a part of his
   shell at the rear end) is not divided which makes him definitely a
   Seychelles Giant tortoise - at least until the next expert arrives.

   Again, only Jonathan really knows about his ancestry.

Why ‘Jonathan’?

   Why not? It is thought that Jonathan was nameless for the most part of
   his residence in St Helena and was named by Governor Spencer Davis
   (1932-1938). Why Sir Spencer chose the name Jonathan is not recorded.
   Indeed, if Google is to be believed, naming Jonathan was Sir Spencer’s
   sole contribution to St Helena - it certainly seems to be the only
   thing for which Sir Spencer is noted.

How fast is Jonathan?

   In 2015 a tortoise named Bertie became the world’s fastest tortoise,
   with a speed of 0.6mph (about 1/50 of our local speed limit). Asked to
   comment on Jonathan’s possible speed, Joe the vet said: When he comes
   forward to get his feed, he gets quite a turn of speed on. I imagine
   between ½-1mph!

Vet’s Report

   Joe Hollins, the island’s vet, issued the following report on
   Jonathan’s health on 7th December 2015:

     Jonathan is alive and well! I fed him yesterday as I do every
     Sunday, and his appetite was vigorous. He’s blind from cataracts,
     has lost his sense of smell, and so cannot detect food (his fellow
     giants mug me and can detect the tiniest morsel dropped on the
     ground), but he has retained excellent hearing.

     I literally hand feed him with gloves (welder’s gauntlets!). He
     knows my voice and so starts mouthing the air for food and I place
     it so that he bites off chunks as he has no idea where it is. This
     works well.

     There is a chance that he’ll either drop dead tomorrow or live until
     he’s 250 and see us all off. The feeding has improved him
     surprisingly. His once blunt and crumbly beak has become sharp and
     lethal, so he was probably suffering from micro-deficiencies of
     vitamins, minerals and trace elements.

   You can read extracts relating to the Giant Tortoises in Joe Hollins’
   2009 report♦{6}.

   In April 2018 one of the ‘Noble Lords’ in the UK Parliament asked if
   Her Majesty’s Government would be paying for an operation to have
   Jonathan’s cataracts removed to increase the population of Giant
   Tortoises on St Helena.

   Hansard, 20180418

   This seems curious. The noble lord should know that tortoises find a
   mate by smell, not by sight{7} and perhaps also realise that Jonathan
   has been here years and has never sired any offspring so he is probably
   either sterile or (as the article suggests), gay. Either way, improving
   Jonathan’s eyesight, while doubtless of benefit to him, would do
   nothing to increase the population of Giant Tortoises on St Helena.

   Jonathan in the paddock
   {c}

An interview with Jonathan?

   Headline for the St Helena Independent’s December 2008 article

   To quote from the St Helena Independent’s December 2008 article:

     SaintFM (2004-2012) asked Governor Andrew Gurr whether we could have
     an exclusive interview with Jonathan. The answer was No use. He
     doesn’t say much. He only groans when he’s mating{8}

   This allowed The St Helena Independent to lead with the picture
   (right). And in 2017 Jonathan’s mating activities came to world
   attention…

   In the same article we also read that naturalist Dr Rebecca
   Cairns-Wicks said:

     Without suggesting that any scientific proof exists, Jonathan
     reaching such an exceptional age could be due to the effects of
     ‘Monkey’s ears’ centella asiatica, which is a common herb of
     pastures on St Helena. The leaves are rounded and slightly resemble
     monkey’s ears. It is apparently enjoyed by cattle and sheep and is
     abundant in the grass sward at Plantation. According to my book on
     herbs it has many medicinal uses in Asia, it is described as a
     rejuvenating diuretic herb that clears toxins, reduces inflammation
     and fever and boosts healing and immunity. In China it is used to
     make ‘long-life tea’ where a Professor, who drank the tea regularly,
     reputedly lived to the age of 265 and married 24 times. Perhaps this
     is what has helped Jonathan reach his grand old age.

   Jonathan, 2019 - 187 years old, but still (with Emma)
   Jonathan, 2019 - 187 years old, but still… (with Emma){d}

Not a Turtle…

   tortoise
   Tortoise

   turtle
   Turtle

   Sometimes on Social Media you will see Jonathan referred to as a
   "turtle". This is quite common. Even the Wikipedia defines tortoises in
   the page entitled Turtle. This may seem odd, but there may be an
   explanation.

   In Italian the two creatures are called tartaruga di terra (tortoise)
   and tartaruga di mare (turtle). It is easy to see why the two might be
   aligned, particularly in America where a significant percentage of the
   population is of Italian descent.

   However, Jonathan is British and in British usage, Tortoises are
   land-based and Turtles are water-based. Jonathan is very definitely
   land-based so he is a Tortoise.

   End of discussion!

Other giant tortoises at Plantation House

   Below: Current • Past

Current

   Plantation House is home to four giant tortoises: Jonathan, David, Emma
   and Fredrik[a]. Until recently there were six.

   They all feed on grass, but will eat all kinds of fruit and vegetables.
   At the corner of the lawn there is a water trough, from which they
   drink. They are most active in the mornings, moving freely about the
   lawn, but in the afternoon they tend to stay in the one area. By dusk
   they have settled down for the night.

   Jonathan’s companions are more recent arrivals:

   Name

   Picture

   Sex

   Arrival

   Notes

   Emma a.k.a. Emily

   Tortoise: Emma a.k.a. Emily

   Female

   1969

   The Governor of the Seychelles sent her aged about 1 year, together
   with David.{9}

   David

   Tortoise: David

   Male

   1969

   The Governor of the Seychelles sent him aged about 1 year, together
   with Emma.{9}

   Fredrik[a]

   Tortoise: Frederik[a]

   Thought Female but now known to be Male

   1991

   Presented by Michel Dancoisne-Martineau the French Consul in 1991;
   eight weeks old when [s]he arrived.

   We say [s]he because, although thought to be female it has now been
   established that Frederika is, in fact Frederik - a male. As Jonathan
   has been reported to attempt mating frequently with Frederik[a] this
   led various newspapers in 2017 to suggest that maybe Jonathan is
   gay…see article (below).

Past

     Arr.

   Gen.

   Died

   Name

   1776

   F

   1918

   Never named

   1826

   F?

   1877

   1882

   M


   Jonathan

   It is generally accepted that Jonathan is the sole survivor of three
   giant tortoises that were imported to St Helena in the 18th and
   19th Centuries. The first to arrive was a female, thought to have
   brought here from Mauritius in around 1776. A second tortoise is
   thought to have arrived, also from Mauritius, in around 1826, thought
   to be a male, to keep the female company (and possibly in the hope of
   breeding).

   Jonathan and companion,1914

   One of the original two - the ‘male’ from 1826, it is thought - died in
   1877, cause of death unknown (this probably explains why Jonathan was
   brought here, arriving in 1882). Its shell was sent to the London
   Natural History Museum, where it was examined and pronounced to be
   female!

   The c.1776 female died in 1918 when she fell over a cliff while
   attempting to lay eggs, breaking her shell. We have a 1914 photo of
   Jonathan and one of his former companions (left), which must be the
   female from c.1776. We don’t definitively know which is which, but we
   assume Jonathan to be the larger.

   As far as we know neither of the original tortoises had a name…but then
   Jonathan himself wasn’t named until the 1930s. And if you look at the
   1860s photograph (above) you see two tortoises, of equal size. Our best
   guess is that the one that is not Jonathan is the c.1826 male/female
   that died in 1877.

   Two others have arrived and died more recently:

   Name

   Picture

   Sex

   Arrival

   Notes

   Death

   Speedy

   Tortoise: Speedy

   Male

   1958/9

   Delivered by a Clan Line merchant ship. Originally lived in Ruperts and
   later in a private house in Jamestown. Moved to Plantation House by
   Governor Baker in 1986. Apparently, according to Governor Baker, Speedy
   loves to roam indoors and has been known to hide in the ladies
   cloakroom and then frighten would be occupiers of this room!

   January 2009. His death was never explained.{10}

   Myrtle

   Tortoise: Myrtle

   Female

   1972

   Came from the Seychelles, at an estimated age of 26 years, she
   originally lived in a private house in Longwood, and moved to
   Plantation House in 1991.

   7th July 2016, probably of kidney failure

Tortoises are not toys!

   Current best veterinary advice{11} is that riding on tortoises harms
   them, so it is no longer permitted. But in the ‘before days’ this was
   not the case, as is illustrated by the photographs below, one of which
   shows the future King of England riding on Jonathan horseback style,
   with reins…

   [tortoiseriding2_thumb190x180.jpg]

   [jonathanriding_thumb190x180.jpg]

   Daughter of Governor Harper
   Daughter of Governor Harper

   Future King Edward VIII
   Future King Edward VIII

   1960s(?) visitors
   1960s(?) visitors


   Jonathan with visiting French admiral and party, 1903
   Jonathan with visiting French admiral and party, 1903

Important Visitor Tip

   When visiting the tortoises, it is important that you do not startle
   them. They are fairly impervious to noise and camera flashes, but can
   be startled if approached by a stranger - someone whose smell they do
   not recognise. When a tortoise is startled it goes into a defence mode
   which, amongst other things, shuts down its breathing - see our Giant
   Tortoise Facts (below). This is obviously hazardous to their health;
   particularly for an individual of Jonathan’s age.

   When visiting, please remain within the fenced-off viewing area and do
   not attempt to get into the paddock with the tortoises unless invited
   and escorted by a competent person.

Read More

   Below: Giant tortoise facts • Article: Introducing Jonathan, the
   world’s oldest animal on land at 187 years old • Article: Love and
   Jonathan • Article: Is world’s oldest tortoise GAY? • Article: Meet
   Jonathan, St Helena’s 182-year-old giant tortoise • Article: Jonathan’s
   birthday…what ancient history never taught us

Giant tortoise facts

   Jonathan
   Jonathan
   Jonathan

   The information below was kindly provided by the island’s Veterinary
   Service (see local vet).

   Below: Shell • Head and neck • Breathing • Circulation and Heat
   Exchange • Hibernation • Senses

Shell

   A tortoise’s shell has remained almost unaltered by two hundred million
   years of evolution. The shell is basically an extension of the rib
   cage, which unlike most vertebrates is housed on the outside rather
   than inside the body. It is made up of two halves: the underneath known
   as the plastron; and the top known as the carapace. These are fused
   together at the sides by a bridge.

Head and neck

   The tortoise’s head features a toothless jaw, and a pair of small holes
   called ‘nares’ through which the tortoise breathes, smells and
   (surprisingly) drinks.

   They lack teeth, but their jaws are lined with horny sharp ridges which
   come together like a pair of pinking shears. They have powerful jaw
   muscles and their beak edge is sharp. Tortoises are not aggressive but
   they are quite short sighted and if they mistake your finger for food
   you could lose your finger!

   The tortoise’s neck has five vertebrae, like most other animals, but
   when they retract it they bend it in a sharp ‘S’ curve to bring it all
   the way in the shell. They can also touch their elbows in front of the
   nose and point their hands to either side as they do it, for increased
   defence.

Breathing

   The main difference between a tortoise’s respiration and ours is the
   volume of CO² they can contain in their blood. When we hold our breath,
   the rising CO² in our blood makes us want to start breathing again
   within a minute or so. Tortoises are much more tolerant of rising CO²,
   allowing them to inhale far less frequently.

   Tortoises breathe quite differently to humans since their ribcages
   cannot move. They force air in and out of their lungs by working their
   limbs, which can look like shrugging their shoulders. They smell by
   pumping their throat to move air past their Jacobsen’s Organ; the scent
   organ most reptiles use.

   If you startle a tortoise, its first reaction is to retract its head
   into the shell and the only way a tortoise can do this is by emptying
   its lungs. It will sound like the tortoise is hissing. A frightened
   tortoise can remain for some time with almost empty lungs.

Circulation and Heat Exchange

   Tortoises, like other reptiles, are cold blooded. This means they need
   to seek an external active heat source to keep their body within the
   optimum temperature range, enabling their vital organs to function
   properly. Tortoises do this by positioning their carapace toward the
   sun.

   A tortoise’s carapace incorporates tiny pores which help it trap the
   radiant heat. It’s worth noting that owners of tortoises should never
   use any oils on their shell, as this may block the pores and
   significantly hinder their thermo-regulation capabilities.

   Just as ours, a tortoise’s heart pumps blood to all the vital organs
   and muscle groups, but a large amount of blood is also sent underneath
   the carapace to warm up before circulating around the body. Hence they
   need to bask in the sun until their shell warms up and in turn warms
   their blood. When they are cold they don’t move much, if at all. They
   sleep from the late evening, when the sun loses its power, and are most
   active in the morning or middle of the day.

Hibernation

   Our giant tortoises do not hibernate as such, but on St Helena the
   weather does get wet and quite cold at times and then they go into
   partial shutdown; they stop moving around and may even not feed. The
   habitat they evolved to inhabit in the Seychelles is drier and warmer
   than St Helena.

Senses

     * Touch: Tortoises are extremely sensitive. They can feel the
       slightest touch to their skin and shells.
     * Sight: Tortoises are quite short sighted. They can see movement but
       have difficulty picking out detail. They use sight purely for
       defence, using smell to locate their food.
     * Hearing: Tortoises have ears, but the ears have no external ear
       flap. They are simple ear scales, located behind the tortoise’s
       eyes towards the rear of the head. You should avoid touching a
       tortoise’s head - you might hurt their ear drum.
     * Smell: This is the tortoise’s primary sense. A tortoise relies
       heavily on scent for daily activities including finding food,
       finding a mate, finding appropriate nesting areas, smelling for
       predators etc. A tortoise uses smell for everything it does.
     * Balance: Despite their strange appearance and clumsy looking way of
       rambling around, tortoises are in fact very agile. They are good
       diggers and even better climbers; this is due, in part, to their
       excellent sense of balance. The sense of balance becomes even finer
       as the tortoise matures. Hatchlings observed in captive situations
       always seem to end up on their backs, while adults seem to be
       sturdier on their feet, although this does vary from individual to
       individual.

Article: "Introducing Jonathan, the world’s oldest animal on land at 187
years old"

   By Adam Millward, Guinness World Records, 27th February 2019{12}

   Guinness World Records

   Born circa 1832 - five years prior to the coronation of Queen Victoria
   - Jonathan the tortoise is due to turn 187 years old in 2019. That
   makes him the oldest-known land animal alive today.

   Jonathan the tortoise pictured in February 2019
   Jonathan the tortoise pictured in February 2019

   This puts him just one year away from the title of oldest chelonian
   ever, currently held by Tu’i Malila, a radiated tortoise that reached
   at least 188 years old. She was owned by the royal family of Tonga
   between c. 1777 and 1965, and had been presented to them by British
   explorer Captain James Cook during his third - and final - Pacific
   voyage (1776-80).

   In his lifetime, Jonathan has lived through two world wars, the French
   Revolution, seven monarchs on the British throne and 39 US presidents.

   A photo dated to c. 1882-86 taken in the grounds of Plantation on St
   Helena - shortly after Jonathan arrived on the island (Jonathan is
   shown on the left)
   A photo dated to c. 1882-86 taken in the grounds of Plantation on
   St Helena - shortly after Jonathan arrived on the island (Jonathan is
   shown on the left)

   His estimated year of birth also predates the release of the Penny
   Black, the first postage stamp (1840), the building of the first
   skyscraper (1885) and the completion of the Eiffel Tower (1887) - the
   tallest iron structure.

   Other human milestones to have taken place in his long life include the
   first photograph of a person (1838), the first incandescent light bulb
   (1878) and the first powered flight (1903).

   Now the oldest animal in the world - among terrestrial animals -
   Jonathan has outlived the oldest person ever by around 65 years. The
   greatest authenticated age for a human is a ‘mere’ 122 years 144 days,
   achieved by Jeanne Calment (1875-1997) from France.

   Jonathan pictured with St Helenian Maxina Yon, holding a copy of the
   island's Sentinel newspaper dated 21 Feb 2019
   Jonathan pictured with St Helenian Maxina Yon, holding a copy of the
   island's Sentinel newspaper dated 21 Feb 2019

   Although originating from the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean, Jonathan
   has resided on the remote island of St Helena in the South Atlantic
   since 1882.

   St Helena is perhaps best known for being the final resting place of
   Napoleon Bonaparte - who was exiled here after his defeat at the Battle
   of Waterloo in 1815. The banished emperor and Jonathan would never have
   met, though, as the former died more than six decades prior to the
   arrival of this record-breaking reptile.

   When Jonathan was brought to St Helena, he was already fully grown.
   Based on known data for this species, that would indicate he was about
   50 years of age at the time (hence his estimated birth year of 1832 to
   make him the longest-lived animal on land). Jonathan was gifted to the
   then-governor of the Overseas British territory, William Grey-Wilson
   (in office 1890-97), and he has lived at the governor’s residence ever
   since.

   Jonathan's home is the manicured lawns of ‘Plantation’, a Georgian
   mansion built by the East India Company in 1791-92. Today, he shares
   the grounds with three other giant tortoises: David, Emma and Fred.

   Jonathan in front of Plantation, the governor's residence
   Jonathan in front of Plantation, the governor's residence

   For a long time, Jonathan was identified as an Aldabran tortoise from
   the Aldabra Atoll, which forms part of the Seychelles archipelago. (All
   the other tortoises he lives with are Aldabrans.) However, a closer
   examination of his shell by the Seychelles Nature Trust (and several
   other zoological professionals) has raised the distinct possibility
   that he could be a much-rarer Seychelles giant tortoise.

   This particular species (some argue ‘subspecies’ or ‘morphotype’ is
   more accurate) was once believed to be extinct, but there now may be
   around 80 globally, according to the IUCN’s Tortoise and Freshwater
   Turtle Specialist Group.

   Considering his great age - he is already well beyond his kind’s
   150-year average lifespan - Jonathan is in surprisingly good health. He
   hasn’t escaped completely unscathed, though.

   The world's oldest tortoise is virtually blind due to cataracts and
   seems to have lost all sense of smell, but retains excellent hearing
   and a healthy appetite. According to his vet (see interview below), he
   still has a good libido too, which is an indicator of sound internal
   health.

   Vet Joe Hollins tells us that he and crusty old reptile Jonathan have
   formed a close bond over the years
   Vet Joe Hollins tells us that he and crusty old reptile Jonathan have
   formed a close bond over the years

   We talked to St Helena vet Joe Hollins - one of Jonathan’s primary
   carers - to find out more about this extraordinary ancient animal.

   GWR: What’s it like treating such an old patient?

   Joe Hollins: Although aware of the responsibility and that, of course,
   he will die one day, I believe we have greatly enhanced his life
   expectancy. Like any celebrity we have made advance plans for his
   demise, but hope not to put them into action yet. At an estimated 187
   years of age, he has already far exceeded his life expectancy of 150
   years.

   GWR: How does it feel to have such a close relationship with a
   record-breaking animal?

   Joe Hollins: For a veterinary surgeon, to have the oldest-known living
   land animal under his care is a great privilege, and something I could
   never have envisaged happening. I have bonded with him and am very fond
   of the crusty old reptile!

   GWR: Can you describe Jonathan’s temperament?

   Joe Hollins: As befits his age, Jonathan is gentle and enjoys the
   company of people. Although mostly blind due to cataracts, he has very
   good hearing and responds especially to his name at feeding time. He
   also has a fascination with the sounds of tennis when the paddock court
   is in use.

   GWR: Does Jonathan have a mate?

   Joe Hollins: In spite of his age, Jonathan still has good libido and is
   seen frequently to mate with Emma and sometimes Fred - animals are
   often not particularly gender-sensitive!

   Among Jonathans favourite snacks are lettuce hearts, cucumbers, apples
   and bananas
   Among Jonathan’s favourite snacks are lettuce hearts, cucumbers, apples
   and bananas

   GWR: What is Jonathan’s favourite food? Have his tastes changed as he
   ages?

   Joe Hollins: Some 10 years ago, improvements were made to Jonathan’s
   habitat and it was noticed that he [was having problems feeding]. His
   beak was blunt so that he struggled to scythe the grass (other
   tortoises have finely grooved beaks resulting in a serrated edge that
   cuts grass), and he would often try to graze on areas of leaf mould or
   dirt. His sense of smell seems to be non-existent. We introduced
   once-weekly feeding of good calorific food and this has transformed
   him, demonstrating probable micro-deficiencies of vitamins, minerals
   and trace elements. He loves banana, but it tends to gum up his mouth.
   Lettuce hearts, though not very nutritious, are a favourite. He also
   greatly enjoys cabbage, cucumber, apple, other seasonal fruits, carrots
   - a good source of dietary fibre that he loves - and any other
   offerings from Plantation, which provides feed from the kitchens.
   Nothing is fed to excess but in moderation and in a balanced mixture.
   Since doing this, his beak has regained an edge and he is able to graze
   once more.

   GWR: What does a typical day involve for Jonathan?

   Joe Hollins: Very relaxed. He enjoys the sun but on very hot days takes
   to the shade. On mild days, he will sunbathe - his long neck and legs
   stretched fully out of his shell to absorb heat and transfer it to his
   core. It’s an odd posture and before now we have had panicked phone
   calls to say he appeared to have died! On cold winter days, he will dig
   himself into leaf mould or grass clippings and remain there all day.

   GWR: What do the residents of St Helena think of Jonathan?

   Joe Hollins: He is a local icon, symbolic of persistence in the face of
   change, and much loved by the islanders, who see him very much as their
   Jonathan.

   GWR: Are visitors able to come and see Jonathan?

   Joe Hollins: Although we have applied some restrictions (unfortunately
   due to mobbing and inappropriate behaviour by cruise-ship tours),
   Jonathan and his friends can still be seen by visitors to the island.

Article: "Love and Jonathan"

   Published in the St Helena Sentinel 20th December 2018{e}

   I will marry the man who takes me to St Helena to meet Jonathan.

   An American couple - James Swanson and Erica Munkwitz - have travelled
   from Washington D.C. to St Helena Island, spurred by the above
   statement of Erica’s.

   I thought, if that’s all I have to do to get her, I’m planning the
   trip! That sounds like a great deal for me, James said.

   For around seven years now, Erica has been enthralled with St Helena’s
   oldest resident - Jonathan the tortoise. In the SAMS Radio 1 studio on
   Thursday, Erica said that as a university professor of British history,
   she finds Jonathan’s age incredibly interesting.

   As a historian - in America we don’t have anything that’s old. Nothing.
   Thirty years old and it’s considered ancient, Erica said. And to know
   that there was a living, breathing animal that’s almost two centuries
   old… To imagine all the things that Jonathan has seen, or experienced,
   or that have happened while he’s been alive - everything that has made
   our modern world… That just fascinated me; absolutely stunned me. And
   so I just wanted to go and see him and be in that presence - that
   historical presence. He is a living monument. He’s not made of stone,
   he’s not made of concrete; he is a living, breathing animal that has
   been on this planet for that long. I was just blown away.

   So blown away, that when she met James two years ago, the statement ‘I
   will marry the man who takes me to St Helena to meet Jonathan’ was one
   of the fist things she said to him. And to his credit he didn’t think I
   was crazy, Erica said. He thought it was a madcap adventure, and he was
   more than supportive and said ‘we will definitely do this.’

   And on Wednesday, the ‘madcap adventure’ successfully brought on an
   engagement. After finally meeting and helping to feed Jonathan, and
   after a meal at Jonathan’s residence of Plantation House, James got
   down on one knee, with Jonathan watching, and asked Erica to marry him.

   And I said - to Jonathan, ‘should we accept?’ And I believe Jonathan
   said ‘yes;’ and so I, of course, said ‘yes, I will marry you,’ Erica
   said. James and Erica arrived to St Helena on Dec. 8 and will depart
   Dec. 29. The couple is also writing a history article for the
   Smithsonian Magazine while on the island, and is also enjoying hikes
   and getting to know not only Jonathan, but the rest of the island’s
   population as well.

   St Helena Sentinel credited Samantha Reinders for the photo:

   Erica Munkwitz, James Swanson and Jonathan
   Erica Munkwitz, James Swanson and Jonathan

Article: "Is world’s oldest tortoise GAY?"

   By Fiona Parker, Daily Mail, 19th October 2017{12}

   Daily Mail 20171019

   Long-term relationships often lead to slowly uncovered secrets about
   partners, but Jonathan, the world’s oldest tortoise, was in for a shock
   after 26 years of enjoying a physical relationship with what keepers
   thought was a female. Elderly Frederica who lives on St Helena with
   Jonathan is actually Frederic.

   Many people who have been in long-term relationships will tell you they
   slowly uncovered secrets about their partner over the years. But none
   of them are likely to have been as surprised as Jonathan, the world’s
   oldest tortoise, when he discovered something ground-breaking about his
   lover of 26 years.

   Jonathan 1990
   Not a 1900 photo

   At 186 years old, Jonathan is the most senior resident of St Helena, a
   British Overseas Territory 1,200 miles off the coast of southern
   Africa. He arrived on St Helena in his thirties, as a gift to the
   governor. He also famously once posed with prisoners held captive on
   the island during the Boer war.

   But late into his eighties, Jonathan became irritable and began
   knocking over benches and interrupting cricket games between residents
   on the lawn in front of the governor’s Georgian mansion.

   Vets decided he needed a girlfriend and in 1991 he was given a mate.
   Romance blossomed with Frederica and it wasn’t long before the couple
   began enjoying regular mating sessions every Sunday morning, The Times
   reported. But despite their amorous antics, the pair never had any
   young. Now, almost three decades after the romance began, the reason
   has been revealed. When vets went to repair a lesion on the tortoise’s
   shell it was discovered that Frederica was actually a Frederic, putting
   a whole new spin on the relationship.

   The island’s vet Catherine Man said the pair were creatures of habit
   and ate and slept at set times, living off a healthy diet of vegetable
   titbits and vitamins. But Jonathan now suffers from cataracts and his
   sense of smell is gone.

   A bill was introduced last year to allow same-sex marriage on the
   island, which has a population of 4,255, but it was withdrawn after
   local outrage. Consultations are being held across the island to
   canvass opinion on whether a bill should be presented to the council
   before a court case that is set to challenge the current law on
   discrimination grounds.

   Our Comment: This piece is amusing but, typically, full of errors.
   Frederik[a] could hardly be described as ‘elderly’ Jonathan arrived
   aged at least 50; the photo was pre-1886 and not with Boer prisoners;
   and only a few noisy people objected to the Marriage Bill - most Saints
   treat minorities equally. Still at least they didn’t manage to make yet
   another dig at our most useless airport…

Article: "Meet Jonathan, St Helena’s 182-year-old giant tortoise"

   BBC 13th March 2014 By Sally Kettle, St Helena{12}

   Meet Jonathan, St Helena’s 182-year-old giant tortoise
   Meet Jonathan, St Helena’s 182-year-old giant tortoise
   Meet Jonathan, St Helena’s 182-year-old giant tortoise

   Our world is full of weird and wonderful creatures, many of which amaze
   scientists and non-scientists, alike. But is it true that a living
   tortoise could have started its life in the first half of the
   19th Century?

   Plantation House in St Helena sits proud amid gumwood trees alive with
   chirps and whistles. It is the official residence of Mark Capes,
   Governor of the British Overseas Territories in the South Atlantic. I
   have not come to see the governor, nor the large brown hillocks which
   dot the pristine lawns. It’s only when my guide Joe Hollis, the sole
   vet on the island, bangs on a large metal bowl, that all becomes clear.
   The hillocks rise and trot surprisingly swiftly towards us.

   Meet Jonathan, Myrtle{13} and Frederika, three of five giant tortoises
   who live on St Helena. Their shy friends David and Emma are hiding in
   the rough.

   He is virtually blind from cataracts, has no sense of smell - but his
   hearing is good, Joe tells me. At 182, Jonathan may be the oldest
   living land creature.

   Jonathan is a rare Seychelles Giant. His lawn-fellows hail from the
   Aldabra Atoll in the Indian Ocean. Aldabra Giants number about 100,000,
   but only one small breeding population of Seychelles tortoises exists.

   St Helena was born as a violent volcano, and along with Ascension
   Island and Tristan da Cunha in the South Atlantic, is famed for its
   isolation and close-knit society. Jamestown, its capital, became a
   centre of commerce for The East India Company in the 17th Century. Many
   victims of the slave trade - sick and dying - would spend their final
   hours on the shores of St Helena. And then there was Napoleon, in
   exile. Its inhabitants, known as Saints, share this complex past, and
   ethnic traits of Africans, Americans, Europeans and Chinese.

   Nobody knows why Jonathan ended up in St Helena. During the
   17th Century ships could contain hundreds of easily-stacked tortoises,
   like a fast-food takeaway. In the Galapagos islands alone around
   200,000 tortoises are thought to have been killed and eaten at this
   time.

   How did Jonathan avoid this fate? Maybe he became a curio for Hudson
   Janisch, governor in the 1880s. Thirty-three governors have come and
   gone since then, and nobody wants Jonathan to die on their watch. Mr
   Capes is certainly keen that he should be treated with the respect,
   attention and care he surely deserves.

   A photograph taken in 1882 shows Jonathan at his full size, and it can
   take 50 years to reach that physical maturity.

   The years since haven’t always been kind. Tourists would often do
   whatever it took to get ‘that’ photo. Now, a viewing corridor runs
   along the bottom of the lawn to keep overzealous sightseers at bay. It
   was a huge privilege for me to get so up close and personal.

   Jonathan loves having his neck stroked. His head extends out from his
   shell to a surprising length. He snaps for his food - bananas, cabbage
   and carrots - with some ferocity. Joe almost lost the end of his thumb
   and has resorted to wearing thick gloves. He doesn’t mean to nip me, he
   says, he just finds it difficult to locate his food. Tortoises scrape
   at the grass with their horny beaks, made from keratin, like nails.
   Blindness made it hard for Jonathan to find the right vegetation, and
   due to malnutrition Jonathan’s beak became blunt and soft, adding to
   his problems finding food. Now there’s a new feeding regime, in place
   where Joe delivers a bucket of fresh fruit and vegetables every Sunday
   morning. With this extra nutritional boost Jonathan’s skin now looks
   plump and feels supple. His beak has become a deadly weapon for anyone
   attempting to shove a carrot anywhere near his mouth. And he can belch.

   Tortoises may be slow but they are noisy, especially when they mate: A
   noise like a loud harsh escape of steam from a giant battered old
   kettle, often rounded off with a deep oboe-like grunt. Joe reassures me
   it’s another indicator of good health. Unfortunately, Jonathan’s trysts
   have not produced young - thus far.

   Though giant tortoises like Jonathan can live up to 250 years, the
   community has already drafted a detailed plan for when he finally pops
   his shell - dubbed ‘Operation Go Slow’. It will ensure all runs
   smoothly when the inevitable happens, in fact his obituary has already
   been written. It has also been decided that stuffing Jonathan would be
   a rather morbid and outdated thing to do. Instead his shell will be
   preserved and will go on display in St Helena. The Saints would like to
   raise funds for a life-size bronze statue of him.

   When he goes, Jonathan will be mourned by friends and admirers on
   St Helena and around the world. But to me, he is also a symbol of a
   remote society, soldiering on in genuine isolation.

More on Jonathan

     * Seychelles giant tortoises can weigh up to 300kg and grow to be
       1.3m long.
     * Jonathan’s life has spanned eight British monarchs from George IV
       to Elizabeth II, and 51 prime ministers.
     * It is thought Jonathan was brought to St Helena from the Seychelles
       as a mature adult in 1882.
     * If it’s correct that he is 182 years old that would make him about
       10 years too young to have met Napoleon, who died in 1821, even if
       he had spent his whole life on St Helena.

Article: "Jonathan’s birthday…what ancient history never taught us"

   By Simon Pipe, 6th February 2015{12}

   Jonathan the tortoise at Plantation House

   We hate to disappoint the newspaper readers of Holland, but Jonathan
   the Tortoise will not be celebrating his birthday on 7th February…
   regardless of what it may say on the Wikipedia website{14}.

   Since the exact age of the oldest known living creature on the world
   can only be guessed at, it was hardly likely that his actual birthday
   would have been recorded.

   So it was somewhat surprising when reporter Tim Kooijman got in touch
   to ask how the old boy would be celebrating it. He planned to write a
   story for the Dutch newspaper Algemeen Dagblad. I’ve noticed on
   Wikipedia that this coming Saturday is tortoise Jonathan’s birthday, he
   wrote. People here love stories about birthdays and animals.

   Sure enough, a side-panel on the online encyclopaedia gave the old
   boy’s date of birth as 7th February 1832{14} (which is 159 years after
   the Dutch invaded St Helena).

   Tim took it well when it was pointed out that Jonathan’s actual
   birthday couldn’t possibly be known. He did wonder, though, how the
   Daily Telegraph could have been taken in, with a website video that put
   his age at a confidently precise 183.

   A quick check was made with Kerisha Stevens at the press office in The
   Castle, just to check this wasn’t some promotional thing.

   As far as we know Jonathan hasn’t been ‘allocated’ a birthday, she
   replied. She wasn’t sure who was responsible for the Wikipedia entry.

   Tim said he’d write a story for Algemeen Dagblad all the same, because
   it was quite amusing. And perhaps he did: it all looks Dutch to us.

   Down in Jamestown, though, St Helena Independent editor Mike Olsson
   rather liked the idea. If Wikipedia says it’s his birthday, then we’ll
   give him a birthday, he said. He’d have a word with Joe Hollins, the
   vet who hand-feeds him once a week, and rubs his neck to help the food
   go down.

   We’ll give him a piece of lettuce, with a candle.

   What - just the one candle?

   Ed:
   We can always ask Governor Capes to make 7th February Jonathan’s
   birthday ‘by decree’. I think it is a good idea - still, 183 candles on
   a piece of lettuce would look ridiculous.
   Mike

   Sis tranquillus, est iocum

   Laugh at funny Jonathan the tortoise humour - LOL

   Credits:
   {a} Governor Lisa Phillips{b} Historian Rosemary Rees{c} Facebook™
   User{15}{d} Governor Lisa Honan{e} South Atlantic Media Services Ltd
   (SAMS){12}

   Footnotes:
   {1} Prior to 1988 they had a The Wirebird.{2} See other debunked
   myths.{3} This photograph begs for a humorous caption! Please
   contact us with your suggestions!{4} This photo was taken in March
   2016. The St Helena newspapers stated that this was Jonathan’s first
   ever bath, though we find this hard to believe. Why now? Perhaps it was
   in anticipation of the opening of the St Helena Airport or the arrival
   of the new Governor, we don’t know.{5} Agriculture & Fisheries
   Department of Government of St Helena, now part of the Environment
   Management Division.{6} Note though that this is from 2009 and some
   facilities have been improved since then. The water trough has gone and
   been replaced with a better drinking basin, and the tortoise bath is
   fully cleaned out and functional.{7} Otherwise all the rocks lying
   around would be…{8} Are governors allowed to say things like
   that?{9} See here for how Emma and David came to be here.{10} Some say
   it was related to Governor Gurr evicting him from his favourite haunt,
   the Courtyard, to make room for the Governor’s dog, forcing Speedy to
   live on the main lawn.{11} You can contact our local vet for more
   details.{12} Reproduced for educational non-commercial use only; all
   copyrights are acknowledged.{13} Who died on 7th July 2016.{14} For
   completeness we should point out that the Wikipedia entry has now been
   changed.{15} Posted on Facebook™ and used with the poster’s permission
   but s/he wishes to remain anonymous.

   NAVIGATION:

   Full NAVIGATION requires that you have Javascript enabled in your
   browser.

   ACTIVITY: Activity pages index

   NATURE: Nature pages index

   INFORMATION: Information pages index

   You may also find useful: • Subject Index • Site Index

   Jonathan the tortoise | Copyright © John Turner

   About This Site • Introduction • Where is • Visitor Information
   • Pictures • Information Index • On This Day • Information Pages
   • Subject Index • Community Pages • FAQ • Downloads • Contact • Link to
   us • Related Sites • Legal • Site Index
