   #alternate

   Skip to main content

   Adbrain

     * About
     * Methodology
     * Use Cases
     * Contact

Deliver relevant, personalized, and consistent messages across the
customer journey.

   People are consuming media across more devices than ever before, which
   makes delivering a consistent brand experience increasingly difficult.
   That’s where Adbrain comes in. Adbrain empowers you to solve for this
   fragmentation by unifying varied quality data sources so that you can
   focus on targeting the person, not just their device.

   By applying Adbrain’s solution across your campaigns, you can:
     * Reach valuable customers across all touchpoints: Achieve greater
       scale across audience targeting strategies by expanding reach to
       consumers’ phones, laptops, or connected TVs.
     * Drive more efficient marketing spend: Gain visibility into the
       entire consumer journey to focus your budget where it has the
       most impact.
     * Tell a consistent brand story: Deliver a more consistent and
       relevant experience across all touchpoints to avoid
       fragmented messaging.

Methodology

   Adbrain uses machine learning algorithms to contextualize unstructured
   data points across devices, people, and households – achieving both
   broad coverage and a clear view of your target audience’s behavior.
   With a multidimensional approach to identity, it’s easier than ever to
   compare patterns across people, places, and things.

Use Cases

   From targeting users to measuring advertising’s impact across the full
   customer journey, Adbrain’s comprehensive view of identity gives you
   the power to uncover insights and increase performance throughout
   your campaign.

Target Audiences Across Daily Touchpoints

     * Retargeting: Turn on cross-device targeting to reach your audience
       everywhere — from desktop computers and mobile devices to in-app,
       mobile web, and across browsers.
     * Audience Extension: Extend reach to your most valuable audiences by
       up to 4x. For example, if you have an audience of app downloaders,
       you can now reach them across both mobile and desktop
       web environments.
     * Universal Frequency Capping: Apply a frequency cap for each unique
       user — not just each device. Without cross-device targeting turned
       on, you could be oversaturating users with ads.

Measure the Full Customer Journey

     * Path to Conversion/Attribution: Capture conversions you would have
       otherwise missed — such as when your mobile audiences take an
       action back on their desktop computer.
     * Unique Reach and Frequency: Attain true reach and avoid device
       overlap. Knowing the total unique users reached is crucial to
       quantifying the impact of your campaigns.
     * In-Store Attribution: When used in conjunction with The Trade
       Desk’s offline measurement partners, you can capture conversions
       happening offline — such as an in-store purchase or visit — as a
       result of an online ad served on any of your audience’s devices.

Contact Us

   Interested in activating Adbrain’s solutions across your campaigns? The
   Adbrain graph is exclusively available in The Trade Desk platform.
   Contact The Trade Desk team today to get started.

   ©2019 Adbrain. All rights reserved. |Privacy Policy |Consumer Opt-Out
     *
     *
