   [logo.png]
     * Solutions
     * In The News
     * About
     * Careers
     * Contact


Privacy Policy

   This Privacy Policy describes, in Plain English, the steps taken by
   AdTheorent, Inc. to safeguard the privacy rights of Web site visitors
   who receive mobile advertisements through publishers and media
   supported by our Mobile Demand-Side Platform (MDSP) and related
   services (Users). In our pursuit of these business objectives we adhere
   to the fundamental principles of transparency, user control and data
   security. AdTheorent is a member of the Internet Advertising Bureau and
   adheres to the IAB/DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online
   Behavioral Advertising, including the unique principles applicable to
   the mobile environment.

   This Privacy Policy describes the types of data that we do and do not
   receive through our MDSP, and the services we provide to our clients
   generally. This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time,
   in which case we will post an updated version on the Privacy section of
   our Web site. Changes to this Privacy Policy will take effect 30-days
   after the updated Privacy Policy is posted to our Web site’s privacy
   page, located at www.adtheorent.com/privacy-policy.

   Who We Are

   AdTheorent, Inc. is a privately held digital ad network and MDSP which
   uses machine learning, data science and related technology to assist
   advertisers and advertising agencies in their efforts to deliver
   targeted and useful digital advertisements to consumers. We purchase
   media (in real time) from our inventory sources (consisting of app or
   web publishers or the advertising exchanges which make their digital ad
   inventory available for purchase (Inventory Partners)), and we serve
   mobile advertisements through such media on behalf of our advertiser
   clients in an intelligent manner. AdTheorent predictive models help
   AdTheorent determine which advertising “impressions” (meaning, User web
   page or app visits) are most likely to yield engagement and interest on
   the part of the User. AdTheorent models utilize the data made available
   to AdTheorent from its Inventory Partners, as described below.

   We Do Not Collect Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information or
   Sensitive Consumer Information

   We do not collect Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information
   (“SPII”) or Sensitive Consumer Information (“SCI”) about individual
   Users for any purpose. In other words, our MDSP does not use SPII or
   SCI to target ads to individual Users. For purposes of this Privacy
   Policy, (i) SPII means any information that could be used to personally
   identify the User, such as the User’s name, Social Security Number,
   phone number (fixed or mobile), email address, credit card information,
   or any other data that could be used to personally identify the User;
   and (ii) SCI means sensitive information about a User such as financial
   account numbers, insurance plan numbers, or protected health
   information (PHI) as that term is defined under the HIPAA Privacy Rule.
   AdTheorent does store data that, in conjunction with other publicly
   accessible data, could be considered non-sensitive PII, such as IP
   Address, Cookie Ids and Device Advertising Ids (i.e., “non-sensitive
   PII”). This data is stored separately and role-based access controls
   are in place which limit the linking or correlation of such data
   elements, and the Company does not use this data to seek to distinguish
   or trace an individual’s identity.

   The Cookie IDs and advertising IDs maintained and stored by the Company
   are used for re-targeting and frequency-capping purposes. In some cases
   such IDs are tied to web browsing history.

   To the extent any of our Partners (as defined below) gather and form of
   PII, their privacy policies will govern its use.

   For purposes of this Privacy Policy SPII and SCI are referred to
   collectively as SPII and non-sensitive PII is referred to as PII. In
   addition, to the extent any of our Partners gather PII, we do not
   aggregate such information in a manner that could be used to identify
   any User. For example, in some instances we cross-reference
   non-sensitive PII information with a “hashed” version (i.e., a coded
   version) of a corresponding physical address or email address. We do
   this to provide more transparency to advertisers regarding the users
   who engaged with their ads and to provide more effective targeting
   (including in some cases identifying which devices correspond to the
   same unidentified User or which devices correspond to associates of
   such User, which process we characterize as “Relationship Targeting”),
   and although we maintain statistical and aggregate information about
   such Users, we do not create profiles of specific Users which include
   the identity of the User or include SPII or SCI.

   How We Use Non-Sensitive PII Data and Other Data To Make Advertisements
   More Relevant to Users

   When we serve mobile advertisements on behalf of our advertiser clients
   we endeavor to make the ads relevant to Users. We accomplish this by
   matching ads with relevant non-sensitive PII and other characteristics
   about the device and the mobile publication that the User has visited,
   such as the time of day and date, content on the site or app,
   latitude/longitude of User, other devices associated with the User,
   carrier network, type of mobile device/mobile browser, IP address, as
   well as other non-sensitive PII data provided through our Partners. In
   other words, although we may serve an ad to a User based on certain
   demographic information about the Users (e.g., female in New York
   between the ages of 35 and 50), our MDSP does not know – nor do we seek
   to know – who that User is, or any information that would allow us to
   identify who the User is.

   Currently we receive certain device IDs (Android Advertising ID, Apple
   IDFA) in some cases to verify a User election, such as a User-requested
   app install request. In those cases we obtain the device ID not to
   track the User, but rather to substantiate for our advertiser clients
   whether the User installed the app.

   In order to ensure the geographic relevance of ads that we serve and to
   identify correlations between disparate devices and Users, we derive
   User device location data from information made available to us from
   Inventory Partners and data partners, as follows:
     * We gather device latitude/longitude data from bid requests which we
       are provided access by our Inventory Partners. We translate the
       latitude/longitude provided into a physical street address (a
       process which we refer to as “reverse geocoding”).
     * We use models (along with frequency and temporal proximity) to
       identify the physical address (i.e., household address) which
       corresponds to the device.
     * We also use models to identify the IP address corresponding to a
       given physical address.
     * Once we know the household or other physical location with respect
       to which a device is associated, we can group specific devices up
       into a “household” or other physical location.
     * Using the geographic data, we can target devices associated with
       the “household” (i.e., correlated devices).
     * Derived physical addresses are also used to match an advertiser’s
       internal datasets to devices within our ecosystem. This allows
       AdTheorent to target ads to devices that are associated with
       customers of our advertiser clients (although AdTheorent does not
       ever learn or receive access to the name or identity of any User).

   We will not use a User’s current GPS geographic location to target an
   ad unless we or one of our data or inventory Partners have previously
   obtained permission to do so. Because we do not have a nexus with a
   User before the User generates a specific bid request, we rely on our
   inventory partners to adhere to contractual requirements and applicable
   regulatory and self-regulatory guidelines, including any requirements
   related to obtaining User consent to access the User’s geographic
   location.

   If we intend to obtain or use this information in the future we will
   update our Privacy Policy accordingly, as described above, to clearly
   delineate a User’s rights; provided, however, that any User is free to
   Opt Out of any such future practice or use of User-specific behavioral,
   geocoding or interest-based targeted advertising by clicking here. In
   addition, more information about opting out of interest-based
   advertising is available on the opt-out pages maintained by the Network
   Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) (currently located
   at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) or the Digital
   Advertising Alliance (DAA) (currently located
   at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).

   Through our MDSP, we work with a broad network of publishers, Inventory
   Partners, carriers, networks and advertisers (“Partners”). Our Partners
   may have certain rights to the data we collect on their behalf, and
   each of our Partners maintains its own privacy policy.

   We may share aggregated data, or non-personal data with third parties
   and we may share Non-Sensitive PII Data with our advertiser and agency
   clients who hire us to run their campaigns.

   How We Collect Non-Sensitive PII and Other Data

   We collect non-sensitive PII and other data both from our Partners and
   by looking at the non-sensitive PII and other information that comes to
   our servers from a User’s device, such as a mobile phone. This
   information enables our MDSP to deliver the most relevant and useful
   advertisement given the non-PII data available about the media
   “impression.” We currently do not store any cookies on User devices to
   identify any User. We do store cookies on User devices in order to
   anonymously identify one device from another. The ID stored in the
   cookie is an anonymous unique ID (AUID).

   AdTheorent and its Partners may use non-cookie technologies to
   recognize a User’s computer or device and/or to collect and record
   information about the User. A User’s web browser may not permit the
   User to block the use of these non-cookie technologies, and those
   browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on such
   techniques.

   To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising or to opt-out of this
   type of advertising by those third parties that are members of
   self-regulatory programs such as the Network Advertising Initiative,
   please visit the NAI’s website (www.networkadvertising.org) which will
   allow you to opt out of Interest-Based Advertising by one, or all, NAI
   members.

   How We Comply with Self Regulatory Requirements Related to Precise
   Location Data

   AdTheorent adheres to the requirements of the NAI Code of Conduct
   related to the collection and use of Precise Location Data, consistent
   with NAI guidance submitted on the NAI blog on April 1, 2016. As a
   third-party ad network, AdTheorent complies through its adherence to
   the requirements of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Mobile
   Guidance, Section IV.B.2, which provides a number of methods for third
   party ad networks to obtain reasonable assurances that a first party
   publisher, such as a mobile application, has obtained such consent on
   their behalf. Such methods include: (i) entering into a contract with
   the first party publisher under which the first party agrees to obtain
   consent to the third party’s data collection and use, (ii) obtaining
   other written assurances from the first party publisher to the same
   effect; (iii) verifying that the first party publisher publicly
   represents that it adheres to industry Self-Regulatory Principles; (iv)
   verifying that the first party obtains consent to the collection of
   Precise Location Data and provides clear, meaningful, and prominent
   notice that such data may be transferred to third parties; and/or (v)
   verifying that the first party participates in a mechanism offered by a
   platform or operating system that provides the ability to obtain
   consent that satisfies this Principle.

   How We Safeguard the Security of Aggregate User Data

   All the data we hold is protected by multiple layers of physical,
   electronic and administrative safeguards, to secure it against
   accidental, unauthorized or unlawful access, use, modification,
   disclosure, loss or destruction.

   From time-to-time we may share the aggregated, non-individual specific,
   data we hold with Publishers and Networks for reporting and accounting
   purposes, as well as other unaffiliated third parties for various
   purposes such as statistical or educational analysis. In these cases we
   work with organizations we believe to have appropriate safeguards in
   place to protect data at the levels we require. In situations where we
   are obligated by law, we may also disclose information in order to
   investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual
   prohibited activities, included but not limited to, fraud and
   situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any
   person.

   How We Meet Our Obligations Under Laws, Regulations and Standards
   Intended to Safeguard Children

   AdTheorent takes various steps to ensure compliance with the federal
   Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) as well as voluntary
   industry frameworks such as the Children’s Advertising Review Unit
   (CARU), administered by the Council of Better Business Bureau’s, Inc.,
   including the following:
     * We do not perform behavioral targeting as performed by many “first
       generation” ad networks; AdTheorent predictive modeling does not
       entail targeting of individual users.
     * We do not store data regarding users under age 13 (per COPPA); when
       an impression is flagged indicating a pre-13 child user, AdTheorent
       does not collect data from that impression or otherwise model off
       that data.
     * We work with responsible Publishers and App Partners who take
       seriously their responsibilities under applicable laws and FTC
       regulations. Such publishers have their own incentives not to make
       COPPA-governed data/information available to ad networks such as
       AdTheorent.
     * We utilize IAB brand safety categories in filtering impressions on
       which to serve advertisements, including filtering by the IAB
       category “any other content you wouldn’t show your children.”
     * Our in-house creative team monitors and ensures that all
       AdTheorent-prepared creative is consistent with the CARU General
       Guidelines, available here.
     * We make an effort to work with established brands with an
       appreciation for and understanding of the importance of CARU’s
       standards.
     * We also take precautions to also not collect data from apps or
       sites that are clearly targeted towards children under age 13,
       regardless of whether bid data identifies the User as under age 13.

   Data Retention Period

   AdTheorent maintains data related to media served for a period of 12
   months past date of collection.

   AdTheorent Data Protection Officer & Compliance Team

   AdTheorent has appointed a Data Protection Officer who oversees
   AdTheorent’s technical infrastructure and process as such relate to
   privacy and data security matters. AdTheorent’s Data Protection Officer
   also participates as a member of the AdTheorent Privacy Task Force,
   which group is comprised of AdTheorent leadership individuals
   responsible for implementing and executing on the requirements
   described in this Policy. AdTheorent’s Data Protection Officer is
   reachable as described below under “Contact Us for More Information.”

   How We Meet Our Obligations Under the EU General Data Protection
   Regulation (GDPR) and ePrivacy Directive

   AdTheorent’s business focus is the United States market and most of our
   business activities to date relate to purchasing media impressions
   correlated to Users within the United States, but from time to time we
   also provide services to our clients related to international
   advertising campaigns, including campaigns in the European Union (the
   “EU”), in which case we may purchase digital media impressions and
   deliver digital ads to Users located in the EU. In such cases
   AdTheorent adheres to protocols, standards and rules described in the
   General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and ePrivacy Directive, as
   summarized below. AdTheorent has implemented a “compliance by design”
   approach to GDPR compliance which exceeds the requirements of the GDPR
   and ePrivacy Directive, using de-identification and anonymization
   processes to prevent AdTheorent from using or storing Personal Data.

   AdTheorent’s ‘Legal Basis’ to Process and Use Personal Data

   The GDPR itself does not require consent to be able to process a User’s
   Personal Data for online advertising. Rather, it requires that any
   company that “processes” data must have a “legal basis” to do so. Under
   the GDPR, “processing” is defined broadly to include virtually any
   automated process that touches data -- including, for example, us
   receiving data in bid requests from our inventory Partners. GDPR allows
   companies to process Personal Data to further its own “legitimate
   interests” or those of a third party, as long as doing so won’t
   adversely infringe on the rights and freedoms of the User. This is a
   supportable legal basis for our processing activities, as well as User
   consent when available.

   The Article 29 Data Protection Working Party (an independent advisory
   body made up of representatives of the national data protection
   authorities, the European Commission and the European Data Protection
   Supervisor), Opinion 06/2014, notes that retailers/advertisers have a
   legitimate interest in getting to know their customers’ preferences and
   marketing to them. While recognizing this legitimate interest,
   AdTheorent is also sensitive to the potential negative consequences for
   Users resulting from intrusions to their privacy. As a result,
   AdTheorent takes various affirmative steps to limit the types of
   Personal Data that is receives, to de-identify data and to use data in
   aggregated methods when possible.

   AdTheorent Inventory Partners’ Legal Basis Under GDPR

   AdTheorent has no direct relationship with Users in order to obtain
   affirmative consent. However, AdTheorent’s contractual arrangements
   with EU suppliers and Partners ensure that such Partners will not
   provide Personal Data about EU data subjects unless the Partner either:
   (i) obtains and manages opt-in consents from such EU data subjects; or
   (ii) identifies an alternative ‘legal basis” permitted under GDPR.

   AdTheorent Approach: Consent & De-Identification

   Currently, AdTheorent adheres to an internal best practice of
   de-identifying Personal Data originating from EU countries, even when
   AdTheorent’s inventory Partner(s) rely on Consent as the legal basis
   for sharing Personal Data. As a result, AdTheorent will not store any
   User Personal Data, as defined by GDPR. Simply stated, for all bid
   requests originating from countries that fall under GDPR, even if User
   consent is communicated as having been provided, AdTheorent will adhere
   to the following process:
     * Remove the last Octet of the IP Address. This eliminates the
       ability to isolate that IP address to a given device or location.
     * Replace the Advertising ID (Android Advertising Id or Apples ID for
       Advertising) with all zeros. This eliminates the ability to track
       the activity of the particular device.
     * Round the Latitude/Longitude data to two decimal places. This
       eliminates the ability to determine the location of the device
       below the city level.
     * Do not set a cookie on the device. This eliminates the ability to
       track the browsing activity of the device or share the device info
       with any other data partners.

   As a result of these methods AdTheorent does not maintain any Personal
   Data related to any identified or identifiable natural person (data
   subject) in the EU, as defined in GDPR, even if that person has
   provided consent to AdTheorent’s Partner and such consent is
   communicated to AdTheorent.

   IAB EU Consent Framework

   AdTheorent has registered as a global vendor with the IAB EU Consent
   framework. This framework facilitates the communication and management
   of User consents within the context of the digital advertising
   ecosystem in which publishers work with numerous vendors to deliver
   targeted advertisements.

   More information about the IAB EU Consent framework is here.

   As a result of AdTheorent’s registering and implementing the IAB EU
   Consent Framework, publisher Partners are able to include AdTheorent in
   their respective consent forms and processes. Simply stated, AdTheorent
   will be included in the publishers’ list of advertising partners for
   whom User consent is requested. This implementation allows users to
   opt-in to all or individual vendors.

   “Profiling” Under GDPR

   GDPR contains certain rules related to “profiling,” which is the
   automated processing of Personal Data for the purpose of evaluating,
   analyzing or predicting a data subject’s interests, location, or
   preferences. This includes the collection or use of personal data over
   time to deliver users with targeted ads. AdTheorent generates automated
   predictive models for the purpose of identifying Users who would be
   most interested in engaging with a given type of digital advertisement.
   As such, we do engage in “profiling.” That being said, GDPR only
   requires opt-in consent for profiling that produces a "legal effect" or
   which "significantly affects" an end user (for example, an automated
   decision to deny someone credit on the basis of a profile). Targeting
   through our platform only controls the type of advertisement that an
   end user might see, and does not produce a legal or significant effect.
   As such, any profiling associated with our platform and services does
   not require opt-in consent. In fact, the GDPR expressly acknowledges
   that 'ordinary' profiling can be conducted on the basis of legitimate
   interests.

   If you would like to Opt Out of automated profiling on our network,
   please click here.

   The Data We Collect – AdTheorent’s Digital Supply Chain – and the
   Purpose for Collection

   As noted above, AdTheorent minimizes the extent to which it obtains and
   uses data about Users to the minimum data attributes needed to provide
   relevant and useful digital advertisements to Users on behalf of
   AdTheorent’s advertiser clients. In campaigns outside the EU, we use
   such data to generate predictive models and to determine which Users
   are most likely to engage with given advertisements, and then we target
   those Users on digital properties which have integrated with our
   Partner digital advertising exchanges and other inventory partners.
   Currently the only non-sensitive PII elements that we store and use
   related to Users (excluding EU Users) as part of our services on
   advertising campaigns is limited to: (i) User IP address; (ii) User
   Advertising ID (Android Advertising Id or Apples ID for Advertising);
   (iii) User cookie IDs; and (iv) User latitude/longitude data
   corresponding to User’s geographic location at time advertising
   impression is provided to AdTheorent. As noted above, regarding Users
   located in the EU we do not store any Personal Data and we follow
   defined processes for de-identification and anonymization of data made
   available to us.

   Under no circumstances will AdTheorent use or store the special
   categories of data referenced in Article 9 of GDPR. Such special
   categories include personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin,
   political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union
   membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely
   identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning
   a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.

   AdTheorent also will not engage in the household device correlation
   measures described above, which process is not used for any campaign
   governed by GDPR.

   AdTheorent Privacy Rights Infrastructure

   As noted above, AdTheorent does not store Personal Data elements
   related to EU Users.

   If any data subject or User desires to obtain access to the Personal
   Data or request that AdTheorent erase or correct such Personal Data, or
   otherwise object to such collection, AdTheorent will accommodate such
   request(s) by advising the User about AdTheorent’s policy against
   storing any EU User Personal Data. AdTheorent is also working to create
   an automated on-line form to assist in the processing of these
   requests, which will be provided as an update to this Policy.

   Summary of Your Rights
     * You have the right to right to file a complaint with a supervisory
       authority, which you may direct to our Data Protection Officer as
       described below.
     * You have the right to request what Personal Information we retain
       about you, and the right to request erasure of such Personal
       Information.
     * You have the right to request updates or corrections to any
       Personal Data that we store about you, after which we will provide
       confirmation of what information was updated or what corrections
       were made.
     * You have the right to opt-out of automated profiling on our
       network, as described above.

   Applicability of ePrivacy Directive

   Independent of GDPR, the EU ePrivacy Directive (and the new ePrivacy
   Regulation that is currently being negotiated) independently requires
   consent for AdTheorent’s Partners (and publishers generally) to be able
   to place cookies or otherwise access a User’s device. This type of
   consent, which is currently generally obtained through “cookie
   banners”, is still required despite GDPR. AdTheorent, like other ad
   tech companies, are not able to obtain this consent independently, so
   our contracts with Inventory Partners ensure that they obtain this
   consent (directly or through their participating publishers) on our
   behalf.

   How We Meet Our Obligations Under Canada’s Privacy Law - The Personal
   Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)

   To the extent that AdTheorent delivers digital advertisements related
   to advertising campaigns to Users located in Canada, AdTheorent
   complies with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic
   Documents Act ("PIPEDA"), which sets forth Canada’s federal private
   sector privacy law that governs the collection, use and disclosure of
   personal information in the course of commercial activity as defined by
   the Act.

   As required under PIPEDA, AdTheorent considers the sensitivity of the
   Personal Data and Users’ reasonable expectations in determining the
   level of consent that must be obtained in connection with delivering
   advertisements to Users. In accessing and using third-party
   applications and web properties published by our Inventory Partners,
   Users consent to receiving advertisements as part of that experience,
   which is a reasonable expectation of such use. AdTheorent relies on
   such implied consent and advises Users to review the service terms and
   privacy policies associated with the web and app publications that such
   Users access and use in order to understand how Personal Data is
   collected, used, and disclosed by such third-party applications.

   In addition, as described in this Policy, AdTheorent limits and clearly
   defines the extent to which it will obtain and use Personal Data, which
   Personal Data will not be used or disclosed for purposes other than the
   stated purposes for which it was collected. In sum and as described
   more fully in this Policy generally, AdTheorent will not use or store
   SPII or SCI (each defined above) or data not relevant for the intended
   purpose of making advertisements more relevant and useful to Users.
   Furthermore, AdTheorent maintains a clearly defined opt-out
   infrastructure for all Users as set forth here.

   AdTheorent has appointed a Privacy Officer/Data Protection Officer and
   Data Protection Team whose responsibilities include overseeing
   compliance with PIPEDA. For further information, contact information
   for the Privacy Officer can be found at the end of this Privacy Policy.

   Special Considerations Applicable to Healthcare and Pharmaceutical
   Campaigns

   In addition to the above safeguards and processes, AdTheorent adheres
   to additional rules and best practices related to digital advertising
   in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries. As noted above,
   AdTheorent does not obtain and therefore will not use (for any purpose,
   including but not limited to ad targeting or the development or
   refinement of predictive models) any Private Health Information (PHI)
   about any individual as that term is used under the Health Insurance
   Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the HIPAA Privacy Rule
   thereunder. AdTheorent healthcare and pharmaceutical campaigns may
   utilize contextual targeting techniques which may include geographic
   targeting and site-based targeting, and AdTheorent predictive models
   may be employed without using any PHI or Sensitive PII. To the extent
   AdTheorent leverages third party data to inform its predictive models
   and targeting strategies, such third parties do not provide or use PHI
   or Sensitive PII and AdTheorent will never receive or use PHI or
   Sensitive PII from such third parties. Rather, such third parties use
   aggregated metrics and de-identified data only.

   Special Considerations Applicable to Financial Services Campaigns

   In addition to the above safeguards and processes, AdTheorent adheres
   to additional rules and best practices related to digital advertising
   in the financial services industry. As noted above, AdTheorent does not
   obtain and therefore will not use (for any purpose, including but not
   limited to ad targeting or the development or refinement of predictive
   models) any Sensitive PII about any individual. AdTheorent financial
   services campaigns may utilize contextual targeting techniques which
   may include geographic targeting and site-based targeting, and
   AdTheorent predictive models may be employed without using any
   Sensitive PII. With respect to the predictive models and targeting
   strategies deployed and used for financial services campaigns, such
   models and targeting strategies will not use Sensitive PII and
   AdTheorent will not develop or use models or targeting strategies based
   on any “prohibited criteria” for purposes of the Equal Credit Reporting
   Act or Fair Credit Reporting Act.

   California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)

   AdTheorent is implementing process changes as necessary to comply with
   the CCPA on or before the effective date of January 1, 2020. In
   addition, AdTheorent is awaiting further guidance from the CA Attorney
   General (who has advised forthcoming regulations) and potential federal
   legislation (which could impact CCPA) and other state statutes covering
   this subject.

   Generally speaking, CCPA provides consumers with the following
   enumerated rights:
     * (1) The right of Californians to know what personal information is
       being collected about them.
     * (2) The right of Californians to know whether their personal
       information is sold or disclosed and to whom.
     * (3) The right of Californians to say no to the sale of personal
       information.
     * (4) The right of Californians to access their personal information.
     * (5) The right of Californians to equal service and price, even if
       they exercise their privacy rights.

   As of January 1, 2020, AdTheorent data management and security
   processes and practices will enable compliance with the foregoing.

   Although AdTheorent does process IP address data, advertising IDs, and
   geo-location data, all of which constitute “personal information” under
   CCPA, we do not utilize “sensitive personal information” (as described
   in this Privacy Policy), nor do we sell personal data. In some cases we
   cross-reference personal data with third party data to provide enriched
   profile sets, in which case we will disclose such arrangements when
   requested by consumers.

   Our compliance and privacy teams are monitoring developments with
   respect to CCPA and we will comply with applicable requirements on or
   before the effective date.

   Additional Info on IAB
   https://www.iab.com/ccpa/

   Contact Us for Further Information

   If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices,
   please email us at either or both of these addresses:

   AdTheorent Data Protection Officer:

   dataprotection@adtheorent.com

   AdTheorent Legal:

   legal@adtheorent.com

   This Privacy Policy was last updated August 28, 2019.
   Solutions
     * Predictive Targeting
     * Geo-Intelligence
     * Relationship Graph
     * Studio A\T
     * Studio A\T Gallery

   Careers
   News
     * In the News
     * Awards
     * Success Stories

   About
     * About AdTheorent
     * Meet the Team

   Contact Us
   General Inquiries
   info@adtheorent.com
   [email-logo.png]
   Press Inquiries
   press@adtheorent.com
   [email-logo.png]

   [insta.png] [linkedin.png] [twitter.png] [fb.png]

   NYC
   330 Hudson Street
   6th Floor
   New York NY 10013
   + 12 OTHER LOCATIONS

   © 2019 AdTheorent, Inc.
   All rights reserved.

   Privacy Policy

   AdTheorent is a member of the ANA, IAB, MMA and DAA.

   AdTheorent is TAG Certified Against Fraud.
     * [ANA.png]
     * [IAB.png]
     * [MMA.png]
     * [adchoice.png]

   [ana-fraud.png]
     * [ANA.png]
     * [IAB.png]
     * [MMA.png]
     * [adchoice.png]
     * [ana-fraud.png]

   AdTheorent is a member of the ANA, IAB, MMA and DAA.
   AdTheorent is TAG Certified Against Fraud.
   [insta.png] [linkedin.png] [twitter.png] [fb.png]
   © 2019 AdTheorent, Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy
   [logo.png]
     * Solutions
     * In The News
     * About
     * Careers
     * Contact

   MACHINE LEARNING SOLUTIONS FOR ADVERTISING
   We use machine learning to collect, organize, and analyze data to
   deliver real-world value for advertisers and marketers.

Solutions

   Machine learning solutions, built for your brand

PREDICTIVE TARGETING

   Identify individuals with the highest likelihood of taking a desired
   action.

RELATIONSHIP GRAPH

   Harness the power of influential relationships.

GEO-INTELLIGENCE

   Go beyond standard geo-targeting tactics with machine learning-powered
   location.

STUDIO A\T

   Discover the impact of combining art and technology.

Industry Awards

   Machine learning innovation in advertising since 2011
   [TzJDxci4XFcF3iC5lkxdrihW7vXcR3karSh2uA1I.png]
   2019 Best AI-Based Solution for Advertising
   [zIVtZ2NxpuCJcZVXyDVKOq0mcR4gvHrfjdFqUdGh.png]
   2019 Digital Advertising Growth Leadership Award
   [KKTgByMzFGXhHsohMY5RX2nB50Tkh9k7VvVflWA7.png]
   2019 Inc. Magazine's Best Places to Work
   [P6uSkht4sfWAug0ryTFZDXcDdpVTaT3vrAVap0vY.png]
   2019 Product Innovation Award, Relationship Targeting
   [nS11Io4GECqxfkZt1rbAtoOQ29obpWOxQTkBaqsz.png]
   2018 Best Company Culture
   [kj7SNhptBZE6KWyc9LX6924KRoSDHHieDzK7sp8D.png]
   2018 Best Places to Work, #3 Large Company
   [pDH7y1o3Utbl7ZRQO593bFsvo9W6nMtN106OAcUM.png]
   2018 Best Location Based Targeting Campaign, Bronze
   [BJBdR2lPPnYrk4xh6s2HnQJ3UpaPtVym9YdDtb0Z.jpeg]
   2018 Best AI-Based Solution for Advertising
   [L3ICtMNVslNwO81sKXI5m421jFm8WvVHboJ6NPpW.png]
   2018 Fastest Growing Companies Award
   [YWZhf6RVPG9NMEQZhbIUTPPu08JzxZ51W3TKlOwi.png]
   2018 Digital Advertising Growth Leadership Award
   Get Started
   Solutions
     * Predictive Targeting
     * Geo-Intelligence
     * Relationship Graph
     * Studio A\T
     * Studio A\T Gallery

   Careers
   News
     * In the News
     * Awards
     * Success Stories

   About
     * About AdTheorent
     * Meet the Team

   Contact Us
   General Inquiries
   info@adtheorent.com
   [email-logo.png]
   Press Inquiries
   press@adtheorent.com
   [email-logo.png]

   [insta.png] [linkedin.png] [twitter.png] [fb.png]

   NYC
   330 Hudson Street
   6th Floor
   New York NY 10013
   + 12 OTHER LOCATIONS

   © 2019 AdTheorent, Inc.
   All rights reserved.

   Privacy Policy

   AdTheorent is a member of the ANA, IAB, MMA and DAA.

   AdTheorent is TAG Certified Against Fraud.
     * [ANA.png]
     * [IAB.png]
     * [MMA.png]
     * [adchoice.png]

   [ana-fraud.png]
     * [ANA.png]
     * [IAB.png]
     * [MMA.png]
     * [adchoice.png]
     * [ana-fraud.png]

   AdTheorent is a member of the ANA, IAB, MMA and DAA.
   AdTheorent is TAG Certified Against Fraud.
   [insta.png] [linkedin.png] [twitter.png] [fb.png]
   © 2019 AdTheorent, Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy

   [ppt=2687;g=lp_landing_page;gid=13688;ord=[uniqueid]]
