   flashback twitter logo flashback facebook logo flashback instagram logo
   EN FR

   EN

   menu button
   flashback twitter logo flashback facebook logo flashback instagram logo
   EN FR

   EN

   home

   trailer

   story

   awards

   interview & press

                               SFL INTERACTIVE

                                  Presents

                             flashback mid logo

   THE AWARD WINNING ACTION-ADVENTURE CLASSIC

   RETURNS TO MOBILE

   [TROP001.png] [TROP002.png] [TROP003.png] [TROP010.png] [TROP011.png]

   REMASTERED VERSION

   Revisited Visuals.
   Soundtrack fully remastered.
   "Rewind" function, limited according to difficulty level.
   New saving system.
   Original game version from 1992 !!

Game trailer

Gameplay Video

   STORY

   Paul Cuisset presents a new FLASHBACK adaptation for mobile users.
   Following the 25th anniversary of the license and its Nintendo Switch
   port in 2018. Already available on more than 10 platforms the anthology
   action-adventure game FLASHBACK is making its way to mobile, with
   innovative touch screen controls redesigned and adapted for optimal
   mobile use. FLASHBACK will be available on the Apple Store and Google
   play for $XX.XX.

   FLASHBACK is a 2D platform action-adventure single player game, with
   realistic animations. Struck with amnesia, Conrad B. Hart a young
   scientist, future member of the Bureau of Galactic Investigation, wakes
   up in the heart of a hostile jungle. He finds a holocube which fell
   from his pocket. It contains a recorded message from himself, telling
   him to meet his friend Ian in New Washington. Conrad then goes off on
   an adventure that finds him in the heart of an interplanetary plot
   where aliens, called Morphs, have infiltrated the population. The
   search for his identity turns into a quest for survival and
   safeguarding the planet.
   The character of Conrad B. Hart can jump up and down, crouch, roll, use
   items from his inventory, or pull out his pistol to take a more
   cautious approach. The situations encountered in the game can be
   approached in various ways, depending on whether the player chooses
   direct confrontation or diversion and the element of surprise.
   After its release in 1992, FLASHBACK is referenced in the Guinness Book
   (1996) as the most sold French video game in the world at the time.
   Praised many times, it remains a reference for an entire generation and
   is often referred to as a source of inspiration for contemporary
   story-telling games.

   AWARDS

   GAME INFORMER

   GAME OF THE YEAR

   ELECTRONIC GAMING MONTHLY

   EDITORS CHOICE GOLD AWARD

   SEGA

   BEST ACTION-ADVENTURE
   GAME OF THE YEAR

   GAMEPRO

   ACTION ADVENTURE GAME OF THE YEAR

   GAME CREATOR - PAUL CUISSET

  Interview with Paul Cuisset

  The Journey

   At the age of 19, while starting his university studies, Paul Cuisset
   found his passion for game development an industry still blooming at
   the time. A developer for more than 30 years , and a director for 13
   years at Delphine Software Studios, Paul Cuisset is currently working
   as an independent developer. Graphic designer, programmer, game
   designer, Paul was involved in everything notably The Travelers of
   Time, Cruise for a Corpse, Operation Stealth and the Moto Racer series.
   Today, he is turning to mobile development, a platform with infinite
   game design possibilities. Aware that the new age players are looking
   for more demanding games, he intends to offer them this challenging
   title which is much sought after by adapting mobile controls,
   especially with a brand new "touch-screen" system.
   «FLASHBACK on mobile, it's a bit like the merging of old-school science
   fiction and our dreams as young developers. When I started game
   development, we had 4 pixels to make a character speak, today
   everything is possible. We are offered more dynamic worlds, and players
   are more into the action aspect and less into adventure one. The
   challenge for FLASHBACK was to manage and mix narration and action to
   suit the current audience. I think we achieved it with this mobile
   adaptation, which has the charm and unique style of the original
   version, with controls and gameplay mechanics especially designed to
   please the old school original players of FLASHBACK, but also to appeal
   to new players who wish to immerse themselves in history for the first
   time. »- Paul Cuisset
   FLASHBACK is especially compatible with mobile controls, showing
   success (on the Game Center and Google Play), with hidden cinematics to
   unlock, an integrated audio player, and also the ability for hero shirt
   color customization (pink or white).

   PRESS RELEASE

   FOR ALL INFORMATION ABOUT FLASHBACK

   ©2019-SFL GAMES

   flashback facebook logo flashback twitter logo flashback instagram logo

   SFL Games is a registered trademark of SFL Interactive
