   img
     * Home
     * Services
          + Terrorist
          + Disaster
          + Medical
          + SafeWalk
          + Missing
     * Countries
          + Request
     * About Us
     * Get the App
     * [en.png] [fr.png]

Are you prone to having Medical Issues?
Our app can get you the help you need. When you need it.

   [top_left.png]

Is your child or senior missing?
Our Angels nearby your location can help you look for them.

   [bottom_left.png]
   [Home_screenshot.jpg]

Is a Public Emergency happening around you?
Tell us the details, and we will coordinate a response.

   [top_right.png]

Feeling unsafe?
Through this service, we will be with you every step of your journey, until
you are in a safe place.

   [bottom_right.png]
   The Last of us
   The Last of us
   The Last of us

PUBLIC EMERGENCY
Terrorist & Disaster

   No more worries about Terrorist Attacks or Disasters
   1

Terrorist or Disaster in your area?

   Open the EyeProtec app and launch the Terroist or Disaster Alert,
   depending on what you are facing.
   2

Confirm the Alert

   Once the alert is confirmed, our Security Officer will be in touch with
   you through our app. You can communicate with the Security Office about
   your situation.
   3

Help is on the way

   Your location and the nature of the emergency you are facing has been
   sent to the local police in your area.
   Learn more

TERRORIST

   Learn more

DISASTER

MEDICAL

   If you have any medical issue, we are always ready to help
   1

Is your medical condition acting up?

   Just tap on the Medical Emergency button.
   2

Confirm the Alert

   Once the alert is confirmed, our Coordination Center will take care of
   alerting the emergency services.
   3

Help is on the way

   Our Security Center will notify the nearest hospital. Nearby Angels
   will also be notified to assist if possible.
   Learn more

MEDICAL

   The Last of us
   The Last of us
   The Last of us
   The Last of us
   The Last of us
   The Last of us

SAFEWALK

   Wherever you go, get there safely with us
   1

Is someone following you?

   Hold the SafeWalk Shield, and we will be on standby, ready to assist at
   any time.
   2

Everything fine?

   Once you reach a place of safety, just release the Shield button, and
   enter your personal pin number, and we will know that you are alright.
   3

In danger?

   Release the Shield button, and in 10 seconds our Security Center will
   call the local police, and provide them with your last known location.
   Learn more

SAFEWALK

MISSING

   The worse nightmare, will never come.
   1

Is your relative missing?

   Tap on your relative’s portrait to launch a missing person alert.
   2

Confirm the Alert

   Once the alert is confirmed, our Coordination Center will coordinate
   the search.
   3

Everything will be fine.

   Our Security Officers will notify the relevant authorities, and the
   alert will be sent to all nearby users of our app, so they can help you
   in your search for your missing relative.
   Learn more

MISSING

   The Last of us
   The Last of us
   The Last of us

Ready to make your life safer?

   Life is full of surprises, and you never know what could happen.
   But now you can have peace of mind. Because we are with you. Always.
   img
   img
   [Eyeprotect-small.png]
     * About
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Service

   Spread the word
     *
     *
     *
     *

     *
     *
     *
     *

   [Artboard9.jpg]

   Our services will be launched soon. If you want these services in your
   country, please let us know.
   ____________________ ____________________ SEND REQUEST;

Download now!

   Eye Protec Pte. Ltd. Terms
   Version 2016—Effective 1st October 2016

TERMS OF SERVICE

    1. General information
         1. Please review these Terms carefully before using this App.
         2. By downloading, installing or using the App or by registering
            with or subscribing to us, you acknowledge and agree to be
            bound by the Terms herein and our Privacy Policy.
         3. We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms at any
            time without prior notice to you as published from time to
            time at www.eyeprotec.com. By using the App on or after the
            date on which the Terms have been revised, your use would be
            deemed as acceptance of the revised Terms.
    2. Definitions
         1. In these Terms, unless the context otherwise requires the
            following words or expressions shall have the following
            meanings:-
               o a) “Content” means the materials located on this App,
                 including the text, information, graphics, audio, video,
                 as well as any software programs available on or through
                 the App.
               o b) “Privacy Policy” means the privacy policy found on
                 www.eyeprotec.com which provides details of how we
                 collect, use and store personal information.
               o c) “Services” means the collective functionality and
                 features as provided by us through our App, the scope of
                 which is covered under our four main features as follows:
                 (i) Terrorism and Natural Disaster Alert; (ii) SafeWalk
                 Alert; (iii) Medical Alert; and (iv) Missing Person Alert
                 (and each a “Service”).
               o d) “App” means the mobile application supplied to you and
                 any associated software as owned and operated by
                 EyeProtec, and shall include all modifications,
                 enhancements or updates thereto.
               o e) “Subscription Fees” means the fees payable by the
                 Users who have subscribed to EyeProtec for the use of the
                 App and our Services in regards to the following 3
                 features: (i) SafeWalk Alert; (ii) Medical Alert; and
                 (iii) Missing Person Alert.
               o f) “Terms” means the terms and conditions herein, as well
                 as our Privacy Policy.
               o g) “User”, “Users” or “you” means the users who are
                 registered with or have subscribed to EyeProtec for the
                 use of our Services.
               o h) “User Content” means the content a User posts, uploads
                 or publishes on or through the App.
               o i) “EyeProtec”, “we”, “our” or “us” refers to Eye Protec
                 Pte Ltd.
    3. Registration
         1. You will need to register an account with us before using our
            Services.
         2. To register, you must be 13 years old and above and must
            complete the registration process. If you are between the ages
            of 13 and 17 years old, you and your parent or guardian
            represent and warrant that both of you have understood and
            agreed to these Terms. You confirm that all information
            provided by you is true, accurate, correct and up to date.
         3. You are responsible for the confidentiality of your username
            and password and shall take ownership of all activity and
            transactions under your account. It is important that you
            protect against unauthorized access of your account and
            information by choosing your password carefully, and keeping
            your password and mobile device secure by signing out after
            using the Services.
    4. Provision of Account or Services
         1. We shall have the right to restrict, suspend or terminate your
            account or access to the App, or to restrict, suspend or cease
            to provide any Services to you at any time at our sole
            discretion for any reason or no reason. Where such restriction
            or suspension of Services is due to planned downtimes for
            maintenance of the App and the Content, this will be
            communicated in advance on or through the App. You agree that
            EyeProtec shall not be liable to you or any third party for
            any losses or damages that may result from such suspension,
            restriction or termination.
         2. We may, at our sole discretion, develop and provide updates to
            the App and the Services including upgrades, bug fixes,
            patches and other error corrections and/or new features
            (collectively, the “Updates”). Updates may also modify or
            delete in their entirety certain features and functionality.
            You acknowledge and agree that we have no obligation to
            provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any
            particular feature or functionality. You should promptly
            download and install all Updates, failing which you may not
            obtain the full features and functionality of the App and the
            Services. By downloading and installing the Updates, whether
            such installation was automatic or not, you agree that the
            Updates are deemed part of the App and are subject to the
            Terms herein.
         3. You are responsible for acquiring and updating compatible
            hardware or devices necessary to access and use the App and
            the Services and any Updates thereto. EyeProtec does not
            guarantee that the Services or any part thereof will function
            on any particular hardware or device.
    5. Location-Based Services and Network Connectivity
         1. THE APP AND THE SERVICES ARE LOCATION-BASED SERVICES, WHICH
            REQUIRE NETWORK CONNECTIVITY AND ACCESS TO THE LOCATION OF
            YOUR MOBILE DEVICE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING THE DATA
            NETWORK ACCESS AND FOR ENABLING YOUR MOBILE DEVICE’S LOCATION
            INFORMATION NECESSARY FOR US TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES TO YOU.
         2. The App may also rely on push notifications to notify you of
            an emergency. You are responsible for enabling push
            notifications to be able to receive these notifications.
         3. Your mobile network’s data rates may apply if you access or
            use the App of the Services from a wireless enabled device and
            you shall be responsible for such rates and fees. The App and
            the Services may be subject to limitations, delays and other
            problems inherent in the use of the internet and electronic
            communications, including but not limited to the device used
            by you or the third party provider being faulty, not
            connected, out of range, switched off or not functioning. You
            agree that we are not responsible or liable for any delays,
            failures, damages or losses resulting from such issues.
    6. Use of App and Services
         1. By using the App or the Services, you agree to abide by all
            the Terms herein as well as our Privacy Policy at
            www.eyeprotec.com.
         2. General Conduct Rules - You agree that you will not:
               o a) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise
                 violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy) of
                 others;
               o b) impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity
                 or affiliation with any person;
               o c) create a false identity for the purpose of misleading
                 others;
               o d) post any information that is abusive, threatening,
                 obscene, defamatory, libellous, or racially, sexually,
                 religiously, or otherwise objectionable and offensive;
               o e) publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any
                 inappropriate, profane, defamatory, tortuous, obscene,
                 indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or
                 information;
               o f) use any material or information, including images or
                 photographs, which are made available through the App in
                 any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark,
                 patent, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any
                 party;
               o g) upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or
                 any other similar software or programs that may damage
                 the operation of another's mobile device or property of
                 another;
               o h) use the App or the Services for any unlawful purpose,
                 or for the promotion of illegal activities;
               o i) use the App or the Services in violation of these
                 Terms, or in violation of any local, state, or deferral
                 laws, rules or regulations which you may be subject to;
               o j) use another User’s account without consent or
                 permission;
               o k) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper
                 functioning of the App or the Services;
               o l) provide false or inaccurate information when
                 registering for an account on the App or when using the
                 Services; or
               o n) knowingly disseminate information that you know, or
                 reasonably ought to know, to be confidential in nature,
                 in violation of any duty of confidentiality which you are
                 subject to.
         3. App Usage Rules - You agree that you will not:
               o a) make improper use of the Services or submit false
                 alerts;
               o b) make improper use of our support services or submit
                 false reports of abuse or misconduct;
               o c) disparage, tarnish or otherwise harm EyeProtec,
                 including the App and the Services;
               o d) reverse engineer, decompile, reverse assemble, modify
                 or attempt to discover any software (source code or
                 object code) or other products or processes accessible
                 through the App or the Services;
               o e) interfere or circumvent any security feature of the
                 App or the Services or any feature which restricts or
                 enforces limitations on use of or access to the App or
                 the Services or any user content;
               o f) probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any system or
                 network or breach or circumvent any security or
                 authentication measures;
               o g) sell access to the Services or any part thereof other
                 than through a mechanism approved by EyeProtec; or
               o h) bypass any measure we take to restrict access to the
                 App or the Services; or use any technology or device to
                 scrape, spider, or crawl the Services to harvest data, or
                 publish or link to malicious content intended to damage
                 or disrupt another user’s browser or computer.
         4. Rules Relating to User Content - We reserve the right to
            remove any information, data or User Content from the App or
            the Services at our sole and absolute discretion. By
            transmitting and submitting any User Content, you further
            agree that:
               o a) you understand and agreed that by posting, uploading
                 or submitting User Content on the App, we have the right
                 to display or share such User Content on our platforms or
                 with any other Users and third parties as we may deem
                 appropriate for the provision of the Services;
               o b) you will not post any User Content or other
                 information that is malicious, false, inaccurate or
                 misleading;
               o c) you will not submit User Content that is copyrighted
                 or subject to third party proprietary rights, including
                 but not limited to privacy, unless you are the owner of
                 such rights or have the appropriate permission from their
                 rightful owner to specifically submit such content and
                 grant us a license to display such content;
               o d) you understand that User Content posted by you may be
                 republished and if you do not have the right to submit
                 User Content for such use, you may be subject to
                 liability for which EyeProtec will not be responsible;
               o e) you will not post information in breach of any legal
                 duty owed to a third party, such as a duty of
                 confidentiality;
               o f) you understand and agree that EyeProtec does not
                 research, verify, endorse, represent, warrant or
                 guarantee the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy,
                 reliability, or veracity of any content on the App,
                 including User Content, and that EyeProtec has no
                 liability with respect to any User Content;
               o g) you understand and agree that you shall be fully
                 liable for any improper usage of the Services or false
                 alerts, including those for which we have notified,
                 contacted or engaged any other Users or third parties
                 such as the local authorities;
               o h) you will not upload, or otherwise make available,
                 files that contain images, photographs, software or other
                 material protected by intellectual property laws,
                 including, by way of example, and not as limitation,
                 copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or
                 publicity) unless you have ownership or control the
                 rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to
                 do the same; and
               o i) you understand and agree that any liability, loss or
                 damage that occurs as a result of the use of any User
                 Content that you make available or access through your
                 use of the Service is your sole responsibility. EyeProtec
                 shall not be responsible for any misuse of your User
                 Content. You also agree and understand that EyeProtec
                 cannot pre-screen and monitor all User Content.
    7. Communications
          + All communications between you and EyeProtec may be retained
            by us for our internal records. Save as where necessary to
            provide the Services to you, or where provided for in these
            Terms and our Privacy Policy, we will not reveal such
            communications to any person, firm or company and shall not
            use or attempt to use any such communications in any manner
            without your permission, unless we believe in good faith that
            the disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal process;
            protect the rights, property or safety of yourself, EyeProtec
            or another party; enforce this agreement; or respond to any
            complaints.
    8. Electronic Delivery
         1. Where appropriate, we use available technology to protect the
            security of communications made through the App. However, as
            no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be
            completely secure, we cannot guarantee the security of any
            information you transmit to us, and you transmit such
            information at your own risk. We do not accept liability for
            the security, authenticity, integrity or confidentiality of
            any transaction and other communications made through the App.
         2. Internet communications may be susceptible to interference or
            interception by third parties. Despite our best efforts, we
            make no warranties that the App is free of viruses or other
            unauthorised software. You should take appropriate steps to
            keep your information, software and equipment secure. This
            includes clearing your Internet browser cookies and cache
            before and after using the Service on the App.
    9. Acknowledgement
         1. You acknowledge and agree that:
               o a) you are solely responsible for (and that we have no
                 responsibility to you or to any third party, including
                 any Users or local authorities, for) any data and User
                 Content that you transmit, update or upload while using
                 the App and for the consequences of your actions
                 (including any fees, charges, losses or damages which we
                 may suffer) by doing so;
               o b) your use of the App and reliance on the Content are
                 entirely at your own risk, and therefore we specifically
                 disclaim any liability arising from or in connection with
                 your use of the App or the Content;
               o c) you are required to use your own judgment, caution and
                 common sense when using the App and in evaluating the
                 Content on the App and any information provided by us or
                 any third party, including but not limited to any content
                 or material posted on our platform and other
                 communication and messaging tools which are made
                 available on the App;
               o d) we reserve the right to review materials posted, to
                 edit, refuse to post, to remove any Content, terminate
                 your access to the App and the Services at our sole
                 discretion at any time, without notice, for any reason
                 whatsoever;
               o e) the App may become temporarily unavailable for a
                 number of reasons, including but not limited to, capacity
                 constraints, transmission limitations, equipment
                 modifications, upgrades, relocations, and repairs.
                 Notwithstanding this, we will use reasonable commercial
                 efforts to minimize such non-availability of the App.
         2. You further acknowledge and agree that:
               o a) we do not endorse or recommend any Users or third
                 parties contacted on your behalf for the provision of the
                 Services;
               o b) we make no representation or warranty as to the
                 timeliness, accuracy or quality of the third party
                 services, including but not limited to the availability
                 and response times of the Users and any local
                 authorities;
               o c) we are not associated or affiliated with any Users,
                 authorities or emergency response service providers;
               o e) upon receipt of an alert from you but before
                 contacting the local authorities or other Users, where
                 applicable for each Service, our personnel may contact or
                 attempt to contact you with such frequency as they deem
                 appropriate in order to verify the need to respond to or
                 report the receipt of the alert to the proper local
                 authorities;
               o f) upon receipt of an abort code from you, our personnel
                 may contact or attempt to contact you at such frequency
                 as they deem appropriate in order to verify the need to
                 respond to or report the receipt of the initial alert to
                 the proper local authorities; or to verify the abort
                 code;
               o g) where you have represented and warranted that you are
                 able to provide first aid services, you are fully
                 responsible for the provision of any such services you
                 may provide to another User.
   10. No Warranty
         1. The App, the Services and the Content are provided on an “as
            is”, “as available” basis. We do not warrant the correctness,
            accuracy, adequacy, completeness, timeliness or validity of
            the App, the Services and/or the Content, and expressly
            disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Content. No
            warranty of any kind, implied, express or statutory, including
            but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third
            party rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality
            and/or fitness for a particular purpose, is given in
            conjunction with the App, the Services and/or the Content. You
            assume full responsibility and risk for your use of the App
            and the Services.
         2. We do not make any representation or warranty, express or
            implied, with respect to any third party information or
            services and/or the User Content provided to EyeProtec, or its
            transmission, timeliness, accuracy or completeness, including
            but not limited to implied warranties or warranties of
            merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. EyeProtec
            will not be liable in any way to you or to any third party
            (e.g. other Users and/or the local authorities) for any
            inaccuracy, error or delay in or omission of any third party
            data or service, or the transmission or delivery of any such
            third party data or service and any loss or damage arising
            from (a) any such inaccuracy, error, delay or omission; (b)
            non-performance; or (c) interruption in any such third party
            data or service due either any negligent act or omission by
            EyeProtec or force majeure or any other cause beyond the
            control of EyeProtec. You further specifically acknowledge
            that EyeProtec or any of its officers, directors, employees,
            agents, subsidiaries and affiliates are not liable, and you
            agree not to hold the aforementioned parties liable, for the
            conduct of third parties, and that the risk of the App and the
            Services and of injury, damage or loss from the foregoing
            rests entirely with you.
         3. We do not warrant that the App and/or any Services will be
            provided uninterrupted or free from errors or that any
            identified faults will be corrected; further, no warranty is
            given that the App and the Services are free from any computer
            virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting
            code/programme. No advice or information, whether oral or
            written, obtained from EyeProtec or through the App or the
            Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.
   11. Disclaimer of liability
          + We shall in no event be liable for any death, injury, direct,
            indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary
            damages or other indirect damages or costs of any kind
            suffered or incurred by you or any third party arising from or
            in connection with your use of the App, the Services or the
            Content.
   12. Representation and Warranty
         1. You hereby represent and warrant that:
               o a) all information provided by you is accurate, complete
                 and up to date, including any compliance with licences,
                 governmental or third party approvals and consents;
               o b) you consent and agree to us collecting, storing,
                 processing and/or transmitting your location information,
                 personal information or User Content as required to third
                 parties for the purpose of providing the Services to you;
               o c) you are not contractually and/or legally restricted
                 from performing or providing any of the services which
                 you offer or actions that you may take;
               o d) you will notify EyeProtec promptly of any unauthorised
                 access or use to the App or the Content;
               o e) you will not reveal or otherwise misuse any
                 information available through the App, including but not
                 limited to the location and personal details of a person
                 in regards to the Medical Alert and the Missing Person
                 Alert.
   13. Indemnity
         1. You shall indemnify and hold us, our officers, directors,
            shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees,
            agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from all
            demands, claims, actions, proceedings, judgements, orders,
            decrees, damages, costs, losses and expenses of any nature
            whatsoever against us by any third party due to or arising out
            of or in connection with any failure by you to comply with any
            of these Terms, our Privacy Policy or otherwise by your use of
            the App or the Services.
         2. Your obligations under the foregoing indemnity may not be
            offset against any other claim you may have against EyeProtec,
            or any our officers, directors, employees, agents,
            subsidiaries and affiliates.
         3. You remain solely responsible for all User Content that you
            upload, post, transmit, or otherwise disseminate using, or in
            connection with, the App or the Services.
         4. You agree that this provision shall survive any termination of
            your account on the App, or termination of the Services.
   14. Proprietary Rights
         1. The App is owned and operated by EyeProtec. The Content
            located on the App is protected by copyright, trademark and
            other forms of proprietary rights. Unless expressly stated,
            all rights, title, benefit and interest in the Content are
            owned by, licensed to or controlled by EyeProtec.
         2. You acknowledge and agree that we own, or have the licence to
            use, the App and the Content, including the source and object
            codes, pages, documents and online graphics, audio, video and
            such other content found in the App and any and all
            intellectual property rights used or embodied in or in
            connection thereto. The App and the Content shall not be
            reproduced, republished, transmitted or distributed in any
            way, without our prior written permission.
         3. You are granted a revocable, non-exclusive, personal, limited
            licence to access and use our Services in accordance with
            these Terms and the Privacy Policy. Under this licence, you
            may NOT do the following:
               o a) modify or copy the Content;
               o b) use the Content for any commercial purpose, or for any
                 public display (commercial or non-commercial);
               o c) attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software
                 available on or through the App;
               o d) remove any copyright or other proprietary notations
                 from the Content;
               o e) transfer the Content to another person or device; or
               o f) “mirror” the Content on any other server.
         4. EyeProtec reserves the right to revoke such license at any
            time, with or without cause, with or without notice to you,
            with immediate effect and will not be liable to you or any
            third party for any damages, costs, or losses arising from
            such revocation. In particular, this licence shall
            automatically terminate if you violate any of the restrictions
            above, breach any of the terms and conditions, or if your
            account or access to the App is restricted, suspended, deleted
            or terminated by EyeProtec. Upon termination of this licence,
            you must destroy any downloads or copies of the Content in
            your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
         5. You hereby grant to us a perpetual, worldwide, transferrable
            and assignable license to publish or disseminate the User
            Content that you upload on the Site at our sole discretion,
            including any location information and personal information or
            any suggestions, feedback or other information that you may
            provide relating to the App or the Services. You should only
            provide User Content which you are comfortable sharing with
            others.
         6. You agree that EyeProtec may, at its sole and absolute
            discretion and to the extent permitted by law, access,
            preserve or disclose your account information, usage history
            and activity in order to:
               o a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal
                 process, or government request;
               o b) respond to claims that any Content or User Content
                 violates the rights of third parties,;
               o c) enforce these Terms and investigate potential
                 violations thereof;
               o d) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security,
                 or technical issues;
               o e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
                 Finquest, its users, or the public.
   15. Termination
         1. The term of this agreement commences on the date you download
            or install the App, and will continue in effect until
            terminated by you or EyeProtec as set out in these Terms.
         2. You may terminate this Agreement by deleting this App and all
            copies thereof from your mobile device. EyeProtec may
            terminate the agreement with immediate effect without any
            written notice to you if EyeProtec ceases to provide the App
            at its sole discretion, or if you have breached or violated
            any of these Terms or the Privacy Policy, or where otherwise
            provided for in these Terms.
         3. In the event of any termination, you will have no rights to
            the continued use or access to the App, the Services or your
            account. EyeProtec will have no obligation to maintain your
            account or to retain or forward any information in your
            account, except as required by the applicable law.
   16. Fees Payable
         1. Our Subscription Fees are as set forth on the App, and may be
            amended without prior notice to you. The subscription term
            commences on the date of subscription by you, and will be
            renewed automatically on an annual basis until either party
            terminates the agreement in accordance with these Terms.
         2. You agree to pay EyeProtec the Subscription Fees and any other
            applicable fees stated on the App or otherwise specified in
            these Terms. All fees paid are non-refundable. Unless
            otherwise stated, the Subscription Fees for the subscription
            are payable in advance on the commencement of the next
            subscription term.
         3. You agree to fully indemnify EyeProtec in the event EyeProtec
            incurs any costs and expenses in accordance with the provision
            of the Services to you by third parties, including but not
            limited to any fees or penalties incurred by contacting any
            emergencies or medical services or the local authorities, or
            for the provision of ambulances and local authorities for the
            same. EyeProtec shall notify you of any amounts incurred
            pursuant to this Clause, which shall be payable by you within
            seven (7) days. This is applicable to all Users, even those
            using the Terrorism and Disaster Alert feature, which does not
            require any Subscription Fees.
         4. You will provide EyeProtec with valid and updated credit card
            information or another form of payment acceptable to
            EyeProtec. If you provide credit card information, you
            represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the
            credit card and you authorize EyeProtec to charge the card for
            all payments stated herein. By submitting payment information,
            you authorise EyeProtec to provide that information to third
            parties for the purposes of facilitating payment. You agree to
            verify any information requested by EyeProtec for purposes of
            acknowledging or completing any payment.
         5. Any amounts payable which are not received by EyeProtec by the
            applicable due date may be subject to late payment interest at
            1.5% per month, or the maximum interest permitted by
            applicable law, whichever is less. Any costs and expenses
            incurred by EyeProtec in recovering any outstanding amounts
            from you shall be payable on an indemnity basis.
         6. Any amounts payable which are not received by EyeProtec within
            thirty (30) days after the applicable due date will be deemed
            a material default under these Terms, and EyeProtec will be
            entitled to suspend, delete or terminate your account or the
            provision of Services to you, at its sole discretion.
         7. EyeProtec may increase any fees specified on the App, or in an
            invoice, provided that the increase will not take effect until
            the expiration of the current subscription term.
         8. All Services subscribed for cannot be cancelled, regardless of
            whether your account is terminated by EyeProtec for any
            reason, whether due to breach of any of the Terms or the
            Privacy Policy, or whether for convenience in accordance with
            Clause 15.
   17. Taxes
         1. The Subscription Fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties
            or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including,
            for example, value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes,
            assessable by any jurisdiction.
         2. You shall pay all applicable goods and services tax, duties or
            levies whatsoever at the rate which may from time to time be
            imposed or charged at any time by any government statutory or
            tax authority on or calculated by reference to the amount of
            any sums payable by you hereunder or to reimburse us for the
            payment of such taxes, duties or levies immediately on receipt
            of written notice from us.
         3. If we shall at any time be compelled by any applicable law to
            withhold or deduct any tax on your behalf from any amount
            payable to you hereunder, we shall, when making payment to
            you, make payment of such tax at the applicable rate to the
            appropriate tax authority and shall promptly furnish to you
            written receipts from the appropriate tax authority certifying
            that such payments have been made.
   18. General
         1. Nothing contained in these Terms shall be so construed as to
            create any agency, partnership or joint venture of any kind
            between the parties hereto.
         2. No failure by us to exercise and no delay by us in exercising
            any right, power or remedy under these Terms will operate as a
            waiver. Nor will any single or partial exercise by us of any
            right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise
            of that or any other right, power or remedy by us. No waiver
            shall be valid unless in writing signed by us. The rights and
            remedies herein are in addition to any rights or remedies
            provided by law.
         3. All rights and obligations hereunder are personal to the
            parties and each party shall not assign any such rights and
            obligations to any third party without our prior written
            consent.
         4. Any one or more clauses, stipulations or provisions of these
            Terms, or any part thereof, which is declared or adjudged to
            be illegal, invalid, prohibited or unenforceable under any
            applicable law in any jurisdiction shall be ineffective to the
            extent of such illegality, invalidity, prohibition or
            unenforceability without invalidating, vitiating or rendering
            unenforceable the remaining clauses, stipulations or
            provisions of these Terms, and any such illegality,
            invalidity, prohibition or unenforceability in any
            jurisdiction shall not invalidate, vitiate or render
            unenforceable any such clauses, stipulations or provisions in
            any other jurisdiction.
         5. The App and the Services are only intended for jurisdictions
            where its use is legal by the person accessing or otherwise
            using the App or the Services. You must not access the App or
            use the Services if by reason of your nationality, residence
            (temporary or permanent) or for any other reason the use of
            the App or the Services is prohibited or contrary to any law,
            rule or regulation.
   19. Dispute Resolution
         1. If you have any disputes or differences arising out of or in
            connection with these Terms or the Privacy Policy, including
            any question regarding their existence, validity or
            termination, you agree to notify EyeProtec of the same in
            writing by way of email at admin@eyeprotec.com.
         2. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms
            including any questions regarding its existence, validity or
            termination shall be referred to and finally resolved by
            arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration
            Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre for
            the time being in force which rules are deemed to be
            incorporated by reference into this provision. The Tribunal
            shall consist of one arbitrator (“Arbitrator”) to be appointed
            by the Chairman of the Singapore International Arbitration
            Centre. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
         3. The decision in writing of the Arbitrator shall be final and
            conclusive upon both parties. The costs and expenses of
            arbitration, including the compensation and expenses of the
            Arbitrator, shall be borne by the parties as the Arbitrator
            may determine. Either party may apply to any court which has
            jurisdiction for an order confirming the award or commence
            legal proceedings to sue on the award. Except as provided
            below, any right of either party to judicial action on any
            matter subject to arbitration hereunder is hereby waived,
            except suit to enforce the arbitration award.
         4. Notwithstanding the above and the arbitration provided for
            herein, actions initiated or maintained by either party for
            injunctive relief, whether mandatory or prohibitory or similar
            relief in equity are not subject to arbitration and may be
            brought by either party in any court which has jurisdiction.
            Actions may also be initiated or maintained by either party
            where the same is relevant or necessary for such party to
            obtain or secure any interlocutory or interim relief,
            including but not limited to proceedings for detention,
            custody or preservation of any property.
   20. Governing Law
         1. These Terms shall be construed and its performance governed in
            accordance with the law of the Republic of Singapore.

   Eye Protec Pte. Ltd. Policy
   Version 2016—Effective 1st Octorber 2016

Privacy Policies

   This Privacy Policy governs our mobile application supplied to you at
   www.eyeprotec.com and any associated software (collectively, the “App”)
   as owned and operated by EyeProtec. For the purpose of this Privacy
   Policy, “EyeProtec”, “we”, “our” or “us” shall refer to Eye Protec Pte.
   Ltd.

   By accessing and using any part of the App, you shall be deemed to have
   accepted to be legally bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy
   without limitation or qualification. If you do not agree to the terms
   of this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use the App. Any
   continued access or use of the App (whether this time or in future)
   will imply that you have accepted the terms of this Privacy Policy.

   Your privacy is very important to us and we are committed to
   maintaining your trust. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy
   Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate
   and disclose and make use of your personal information.
    1. Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
          + We collect personal information when you voluntarily provide
            such information to us, such as when you register to become a
            user and for access on the App, or post or share any content
            on the App when using the Services. This information includes
            but is not limited to, name, email address, personal mobile
            number, photograph or image and personal descriptors such as
            height, weight and facial features. Personal information can
            also be provided when you contact us with queries or provide
            feedback to us on the App and the Services, or respond to
            queries from us. Where you have provided the personal
            information of another person in relation to the Missing
            Person Alert, you represent and warrant that you have the
            authority to do so and are fully responsible for the same.
          + By providing the personal information to us, whether or not
            through the App, you consent to our collection, use and
            disclosure of the personal information in accordance with this
            Privacy Policy.
          + We may collect, use and/or disclose the personal information
            for the following purposes:
               o a) setting up your account and profile on the App;
               o b) to provide and improve our services, including
                 informing you of any change or updates in our services;
               o c) for targeted online marketing;
               o d) for accounting, billing and verification purposes;
               o e) to contact you regarding any complaints, feedback,
                 queries, requests, claims or disputes;
               o f) handling any issues which have come to our attention;
               o g) to facilitate investigations into any suspicious or
                 illegal activity on the App;
               o h) for internal administrative and management purposes;
               o i) where required by any act, statute, law, or
                 regulation, rules, directives, or by the order of a
                 government authority or a court or tribunal of competent
                 jurisdiction;
               o j) such other purposes consented by you for which your
                 personal information is collected;
               o k) any other purpose reasonably related to the aforesaid.
          + We may disclose the personal information to our partners,
            agents or affiliates whom we have engaged to provide our
            services, to maintain this App or to protect the security or
            integrity of this App and our databases. We may also provide
            the personal information to other users of the App and third
            parties such as the local authorities for the purposes of the
            Services. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to
            ensure that such partners, agents, affiliates, users or other
            third parties do not use your personal information for a
            purpose other than the purposes for which the personal
            information was originally given.
          + As we rely on the personal information to provide our services
            to you, you agree to ensure that the information provided by
            you is accurate, complete and up to date.
    2. Confidentiality
          + Save where expressly provided herein, we will not to reveal to
            any person, firm or company any which may come to our
            knowledge hereunder and shall keep with complete secrecy the
            personal information provided by you and shall not use or
            attempt to use any such personal information in any manner
            without your permission. These restrictions shall cease to
            apply to information or knowledge which may come into the
            public domain other than as a result of any act or breach of
            this Privacy Policy by us.
    3. Changing or Deleting Your Information
          + You may review and change your personal information in your
            account settings. We will not be responsible for any
            modification of your personal information specified in your
            account.
          + We will only retain your personal information as long as
            necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes stated in this
            Privacy Policy and any applicable terms and conditions.
    4. Security of Your Personal Information
          + Your account information is protected by a password. It is
            important that you protect against unauthorized access of your
            account and information by choosing your password carefully,
            and keeping your password and computer secure by signing out
            after using our services.
          + You should also take appropriate keep your information,
            software and equipment secure. This includes clearing your
            cache before and after using any services on the App.
          + Where appropriate, we will take reasonable security safeguards
            to protect your personal information against loss or theft, as
            well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or
            modification. Unfortunately the sending of information via the
            internet is not completely secure and on occasion such
            information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the
            security of data that you choose to send us electronically,
            and you send such information at your own risk. We do not
            accept liability for the security, authenticity, integrity or
            confidentiality of any transaction and other communications
            made through the App.
          + Internet communications may be susceptible to interference or
            interception by third parties. Despite our best efforts, we
            make no warranties that the App is free of viruses or other
            unauthorised software.
    5. Applicable Law
          + This Privacy Policy is governed by, and construed in
            accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Singapore.
    6. Modification
          + The terms of this Privacy Policy may be revised, changed and
            updated from time to time, without notice to you. All changes
            will be posted on this page, and your continued access or use
            of the App after such changes have been posted will constitute
            your agreement to the modified Privacy Policy and all of the
            changes. We therefore encourage you to read this Privacy
            Policy each time you visit this App
    7. Contacts
          + If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this
            Privacy Policy, our policies and practices, please contact us
            at admin@eyeprotec.com or via the chat service of our website
            www.eyeprotec.com.
    8. General Terms of use
          + By accessing or using the App, you are deemed to have also
            accepted our General Terms of Use at www.eyeprotec.com

Send us a letter

   Your name ____________________
   Email ____________________
   Subject ____________________
   Your message
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   SEND LETTER
