   #RSS Feed

   Nativo Native Platform
   (BUTTON)
   Cart 0

   Advertisers Publishers About CAREERS Blog Login

   (BUTTON)

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Cart 0

   AdvertisersPublishersAboutCAREERSBlogLogin
   Nativo Native Platform

   Scroll

What does our Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy Cover?

   Last Updated: August 26, 2019

   We want to be transparent with you about how we collect and use your
   Personal Data in providing our technology to website and mobile app
   publishers (“Publishers”) and online advertisers (“Advertisers”).

   With that in mind, this Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy is designed
   to describe:
     * Who we are.
     * What we do.
     * Cookies.
     * Mobile Advertising IDs.
     * What “Your Rights” are (including your ‘opt‑out’ rights).
     * What Personal Data we collect.
     * How we use your Personal Data and why.
     * Who we share your Personal Data with.
     * How we keep your Personal Data secure.
     * How long we store your Personal Data.
     * Our policy on children.

   This Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy does not cover Personal Data
   collected or used in respect of access to our website or use of the
   Nativo Platform – this information can be found here. Additionally,
   this Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy does not cover Personal Data
   collected or used in connection with our SimpleReach service—this
   information can be found here.

   EU-wide data protection legislation known as the “General Data
   Protection Regulation” or “GDPR” (a copy of which is posted here), has
   effect from May 25th, 2018. The Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy is
   intended to meet our duties of Transparency under the GDPR and other
   applicable privacy and data protection laws.

   We will post any modifications or changes to this Interest Based Ads
   Privacy Policy on this page.

Who we are.

   We are Nativo, Inc. We are a Californian company. Our address is: 100
   N. Pacific Coast Highway, 10th Floor, El Segundo, CA 90245.

   We have a UK subsidiary called Nativo London Limited. Its address is: 5
   Margaret Street, 2nd Floor, London, UK W1W 8RG.

   When we refer to “Nativo”, “we” or “us” in this Interest Based Ads
   Privacy Policy, we are referring to both ourselves and our UK
   subsidiary.

   We have appointed a “Data Protection Officer”; this is a person who is
   responsible for overseeing and advising us in relation to our
   compliance with the GDPR (including compliance with this Interest Based
   Ads Privacy Policy). If you want to contact our Data Protection Officer
   directly, you can email: [privacy@nativo.com].

What we do.

   Nativo is an advertising technology provider.

   We focus on delivery of online advertisements (“Ads”). This may include
   “native” Ads, which refers to content (which may be a textual article,
   an image and/or a video) that adopts the look and feel of adjacent
   editorial content, but that is separately labeled as sponsored or
   advertising content. It may also include more traditional digital Ads
   (e.g., a banner Ad displayed at the top or along the side of a
   website).

   Our technology enables us to ensure that you see Ads on Publishers’
   websites and mobile apps (“Publisher Properties”) that we, Publishers
   and Advertisers think you would prefer to see, based on your previous
   interaction with other Publisher Properties and the Advertiser’s
   websites and mobile apps (“Advertiser Properties” and collectively with
   Publisher Properties “Properties”). This decision is made based on
   online activity associated with:

   ·       In the context of web users – a unique identifier (which is
   resettable) assigned to a particular cookie (a “Cookie ID”) we place on
   your device (the “Nativo Cookie”); or

   ·       In the context of mobile users – mobile advertising IDs (such
   as iOS Advertising Identifiers and Google’s Advertising IDs), these are
   unique identifiers (which are resettable) set by the applicable mobile
   operating system provider (“Mobile Advertising IDs”).

   Important note: although we collect both Cookie IDs and Mobile
   Advertising IDs, we do not engage in ‘cross‑device tracking’ – i.e., we
   do not link multiple identifiers collected across your different
   devices and browsers to create a consolidated picture of your
   cross-device online activity or behavior.

   To enable us to provide these services we have developed software for
   Publishers and Advertisers to integrate into their Properties. This
   software, together with the Nativo Cookie we set, enables us to:

   • display tailored Ads to you when you visit Publisher Properties;

   • collect and build certain User Profile Records tied to information
   associated with your current Cookie ID or Mobile Advertising ID – the
   meaning of the term ‘User Profile Records’ can be found here;

   • limit the number of times you see a particular Ad; and

   • measure the effectiveness of Ads and other Advertiser content.

Cookies.

   The Nativo Cookie we set is a ‘persistent’ browser cookie. This means
   the Nativo Cookie remains on your device even after you close out of
   your browser or turn off your device.

   Nativo uses this Nativo Cookie to help us store basic information about
   a user of website-based Properties. This enables us to either:

   ·       identify that user when we see them on a different Property; or

   ·       remember not to serve that user targeted Ads if they opt out.

   To be able to do the above, we need to collect:

   ·       the Cookie ID; and

   ·       information about whether that user has opted-out or not.

   Effect of clearing your Cookies.

   All the information we have about a web-based user is tied to the
   Cookie ID that is assigned to the Nativo Cookie currently placed on
   their device. If you clear your cookies, it will delete the Nativo
   Cookie and therefore the Cookie ID will no longer identify a cookie on
   your device. This means the next time you visit a Property, we will not
   recognize you or your device, we will treat you as an entirely new user
   we have never seen before and we will set the Nativo Cookie (together
   with a new Cookie ID) again.

   Important note: if you clear or reject cookies, you will also clear the
   Nativo Cookie that lets us know that you have opted out of Nativo’s
   Ads. So, if you’ve previously opted out and clear/reset your cookies,
   you will need to opt out again – following the steps outlined here.

   Expiry date of the Nativo Cookie.

   The Nativo Cookie expires: a year following the time at which you last
   viewed an Ad we served.

Mobile Advertising IDs.

   Nativo collects Mobile Advertising IDs to help us store basic
   information about users of mobile app-based Properties. This enables us
   to identify that user when we see them on a different mobile app-based
   Property. To be able to do that, we need to collect the Mobile
   Advertising ID itself.

   Effect of resetting your Mobile Advertising ID.

   All the information we have about a mobile-based user is tied to their
   current Mobile Advertising ID. If you reset your Mobile Advertising ID,
   the next time you visit a mobile app-based Property, we will not
   recognize you or your device, we will treat you as an entirely new user
   we have never seen before, and we will collect your new Mobile
   Advertising ID.

What "Your Rights" are (including your 'opt-out' rights).

   Opting-out from your Desktop Browser.
   You can opt out of all targeting of any Ads by all Advertisers using
   Nativo’s services using Personal Data collected on your browser by
   clicking below:
   OPT IN

   You are currently opted out.

   When you opt out of receiving interest-based Ads, we will stop
   collecting Personal Data from the browser that you used to opt out for
   purposes of targeting Ads. In addition, we will, as soon as reasonably
   possible, permanently decouple any information we hold from your Cookie
   ID.
   Opting-out on Mobile.
   iOS:

   ·       Go to ‘Settings’

   ·       Scroll down to ‘Privacy’

   ·       Scroll down to ‘Advertising’

   ·       Shift the ‘Limit Ad Tracking’ slider to the right.

   Reset your iOS Advertising Identifier: if at any time you wish to reset
   your iOS Advertising Identifier, which will disassociate that Mobile
   Advertising ID (and any data collected using that Mobile Advertising
   ID) from your device and cause us to start afresh, you can do so by
   replacing the final step with “Click on ‘Reset Advertising
   Identifier’”.

   Android:

   ·       Go to ‘Settings’

   ·       Scroll down and click on ‘Google’

   ·       Scroll down and click on ‘Ads’

   ·       Shift the ‘Opt out of Ads Personalization’ slider to the right.

   Reset your Android Advertising ID: if at any time you wish to reset
   your Android Advertising ID, which will disassociate that Mobile
   Advertising ID (and any data collected using that Mobile Advertising
   ID) from your device and cause us to start afresh, you can do so by
   replacing the final step with “Click on ‘Reset advertising id’”.

   Find your Android Advertising ID: if at any time you want to know your
   Android Advertising ID, you can find it at the bottom of the ‘Ads’
   section referred to above. You will need to find your Android
   Advertising ID to send it to us if you want to make a
   specific Erasure or Access request in respect of your Android device.

   Other options.

   Nativo is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and
   adheres to the NAI Codes of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool,
   which will allow you to opt out of receiving tailored online ads from
   Nativo and from other NAI members.

   Nativo participates as a vendor in the IAB Europe’s Transparency and
   Consent Framework. If you are located in the European Economic Area,
   Switzerland or the United Kingdom, you may be presented with certain
   choices regarding our collection and use of your Personal Data when you
   visit Publisher Properties, which choices may be passed to us via the
   IAB Europe’s Transparency and Consent Framework. We honor consumer
   choices that we receive via that Framework.

   Reset your web-based User Profile Records.
   If you want to continue to see our tailored Ads on your web browser,
   but want us to clear the information we currently associate with you
   and your device, you should remove your cookies – as described below,
   in effect this will reset your User Profile Record.

   You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings.
   In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser
   (usually located within the “settings,” “help” “tools” or “edit”
   facility).

   As noted above, all the information we have about a web-based user is
   tied to the Cookie ID that is assigned to the Nativo Cookie currently
   placed on their device. If you clear your cookies, it will delete the
   Nativo Cookie and therefore the Cookie ID (and associated User Profile
   Records) will no longer identify a cookie on your device. This means
   the next time you visit a Property, we will not recognize you or your
   device, we will treat you as an entirely new user we have never seen
   before and we will set the Nativo Cookie (together with a new Cookie
   ID) again.

   Erasure.
   In addition to the opt-out rights described above, you may have the
   right to request that we erase Personal Data we hold about you in
   certain situations. You can exercise these rights by contacting our
   Data Protection Officer at privacy@nativo.com. Since we don’t have a
   way to identify your data by name in our systems, we may need to
   request certain information from you (such as the applicable Cookie ID
   and Mobile Advertising IDs from your systems) to complete this request.

   When we receive an eligible request to erase your Personal Data, we
   will try to comply with it as soon as reasonably practicable and (in
   any event) within one month.

   Access.
   You may also have the right, in certain situations, to request that we
   provide you with the Personal Data associated with your current Cookie
   ID and/or Mobile Advertising ID. You can exercise this right, if
   applicable, by contacting our Data Protection Officer
   at privacy@nativo.com. Since we don’t have a way to identify your data
   by name in our systems, we may need to request certain information from
   you (such as the applicable Cookie ID and Mobile Advertising IDs from
   your systems) to complete this request.

   When we receive an eligible request to provide you with the Personal
   Data associated with your current Cookie ID and/or Mobile Advertising
   ID, we will try to comply with it as soon as reasonably practicable and
   (in any event) within one month.

   Correction and amendment.
   As the Personal Data we hold about you is ‘pseudonymous’ (for more
   information on what this means, see here), we do not know who you are.
   This means we would not be able to correct or amend any Personal Data
   that may be inaccurate.

   However, if you believe we hold information about you that is
   inaccurate or you would like to correct or amend, we recommend you
   contact our Data Protection Officer at: privacy@nativo.com.

   Right to object.
   You may have a right to object to our use of your Personal Data, in
   certain situations. If you want to exercise this right at any time, the
   quickest and easiest way to do so is by ‘opting out’ following the
   steps described here.

   Alternatively, you may also have the right to request that we ‘erase’
   your Personal Data by following the steps outlined here. However, this
   will be a more manual, lengthier process.

   Complaints.
   If you would like to make a complaint regarding this Interest Based Ads
   Policy or our practices in relation to your Personal Data, please
   contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@nativo.com

   We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can and in any event,
   within forty-five (45) days.

   If you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved,
   please note that the GDPR gives you the right to contact your local
   data protection supervisory authority, which for the UK, is the
   Information Commissioner’s Office.
   Learn More

What Personal Data we collect.

   All the Personal Data we collect, both from you and from third parties
   about you, is outlined in the table below.

   Before you read that table, it might be useful to explain what
   “Personal Data” is. The GDPR definition of Personal Data can be
   found here. Essentially, it boils down to: information about an
   individual, from which that individual is either directly identified or
   can be identified.

   It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the
   identity of individual has been permanently removed).

   However, it does include ‘indirect identifiers’ or ‘pseudonymous data’
   (i.e., information which alone doesn’t identify an individual but, when
   combined with certain additional and reasonably accessible information,
   could be attributed to a particular person).
   Two important notes:
     * All the Personal Data we collect from you directly, and that we
       receive from third parties, is ‘pseudonymous data’. It does not
       directly identify you – e.g., we do not collect or know your: name,
       email, phone number, date of birth etc. We do not take any steps to
       try to link any information we hold to any specific individual.
     * Although we do receive Personal Data from third party sources,
       please note that no such Personal Data is available to the general
       public (e.g., we’re not scraping Personal Data from social media
       sites).

   Category of Personal Data collected What this means How we collect it
   User Profile Records Cookie ID or Mobile Advertising ID (as applicable)
   and reference data tied to that Cookie ID or Mobile Advertising ID
   (i.e., previous history of interacting with site content and ads,
   including pages visited, ads viewed and frequency of ads viewed). To
   improve the relevance of the data we collect directly, we also
   supplement it with applicable Segment Data and Location Data we receive
   (see below). Via the Nativo Cookie or your Mobile Advertising ID when
   you visit a Property.
   Log Records Log records contain transactional data describing details
   about a user session and ad impression, including timestamp, Cookie ID
   or Mobile Advertising ID (as applicable), user agent (device, browser,
   etc.), IP address, browser language, page visited, referring page,
   logged-in status and key/value records. Via the Nativo Cookie or your
   Mobile Advertising ID when you visit a Property.
   Segment Data Audience segments containing inferred interests, and
   approximate demographic information, age range and gender, tied to a
   Cookie ID or Mobile Advertising ID (as applicable). Segment Data may
   include Non-Sensitive Health-Related Segments (see below). Received
   from Data Management Platforms
   Note: this is a third party source.
   Non-Sensitive Health-Related Segments Audience segments containing
   inferred non-sensitive health-related interests, such as interest in
   treatments for knee-pain, ulcers, migraines, eczema or other similar
   non-sensitive conditions Received from Data Management Platforms
   Note: this is a third party source.
   Location Data This is ‘non-precise’, inferred location information tied
   to an IP address. This gives us a zip code-level (or above) picture of
   the location of your IP address. Received from IP Resolution Providers
   Note: this is a third party source.

How we use your Personal Data and why.

   Purpose Category(ies) of Personal Data involved Why do we do this Our
   legal basis for this use of data (European Economic Area, Switzerland
   and United Kingdom visitors only)
   To serve you with tailored Ads User Profile Records
   Segment Data
   Location Data Using this data helps us tailor the ad experience for
   you, ensuring that you see Ads that are relevant to your interests. As
   we cannot ask you directly what your preferences are, we use your
   previous history of interacting with content on Properties and Ads to
   build a profile of your interests and to infer additional information
   about you. We also enhance your profile by syncing our Cookie ID with
   cookie IDs that third parties have assigned to you. We rely on your
   consent, which is obtained for us by the operator of the Properties
   that use our technology.
   Cross device tracking User Profile Records
   Segment Data (including Non-Sensitive Health Related Segments)
   Location Data
   We may tie the Cookie ID or Mobile Advertising ID (and related records)
   associated with your current device to a Cookie ID or Mobile
   Advertising ID (and related records) associated with other devices that
   you may use (e.g., your computer, tablet and phone) in order to measure
   and target advertisements tailored to your interests across your
   devices. We rely on your consent, which is obtained for us by the
   operator of the Properties that use our technology.
   Frequency capping Log Records We log how many times you’ve seen a
   particular Ad, to ensure that you do not see it too often. We rely on
   your consent, which is obtained for us by the operator of the
   Properties that use our technology.
   Reporting Log Records We use your Log Records to prepare reports (which
   do not themselves include individual Log Records) to report on campaign
   delivery and performance and interaction with Properties. We rely on
   your consent, which is obtained for us by the operator of the
   Properties that use our technology.
   Troubleshooting Log Records We use Log Records to track issues that
   might be occurring on our systems. We rely on your consent, which is
   obtained for us by the operator of the Properties that use our
   technology, to retain your full Log Records for troubleshooting
   purposes. For users who do not provide consent, we rely on our
   legitimate interests to retain a subset of Log Records (IP address and
   user agent) for troubleshooting purposes. It is in our legitimate
   interests that we are able to monitor and ensure the proper operation
   of our systems and services.
   Fraud Prevention Log Records We use Log Records to monitor for
   potential fraudulent use, such a person mimicking a user to make it
   look like more people are interacting with an Ad than actually are in
   reality. Our Publisher and Advertiser partners also require us to keep
   Log Records so that they can audit us, which they may do from
   time-to-time to make sure we are acting responsibly. We rely on your
   consent, which is obtained for us by the operator of the Properties
   that use our technology, to retain your full Log Records for fraud
   prevention purposes. For users who do not provide consent, we rely on
   our legitimate interests, as well as those of Publishers and
   Advertisers, to retain a subset of Log Records (IP address and user
   agent) for fraud prevention purposes. It is essential for the integrity
   of our operations that we ensure our services are conducted free from
   fraud.
   Compliance IP address and user agent; Location Data; opt-out Cookie ID
   We collect and process your IP address and user agent in order to
   determine your Location Data for purposes of determining whether you
   are in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or United Kingdom and
   whether to request your consent for the purposes described above. If
   you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the
   United Kingdom and you do not provide consent (or subsequently revoke
   consent), we set an opt-out cookie and retain a corresponding opt-out
   cookie ID for purposes of identifying you as a visitor who has not
   provided consent. Our legitimate interests, as well as those of our
   Publishers. It is essential to comply with GDPR and enable our
   Publishers to comply with GDPR to determine whether you are located in
   a country subject to GDPR and to identify you as a visitor who has
   opted out, as applicable.

Who we share your Personal Data with.

   The table below describes who we share your Personal Data with, what we
   share and why we share it.

   We endeavor to ensure that people to whom we provide Personal Data hold
   it subject to appropriate safeguards and controls. In addition, where
   relevant, when we share Personal Data with third parties who are not
   directly subject to the GDPR, we make sure:

   ·       that party is either:

   o   based in a country that has laws and institutions in place; or

   o   part of a sector or participates in a framework (e.g., the EU-U.S.
   Privacy Shield), that the European Union considers ensures that your
   Personal Data will be adequately protected; or

   ·       adequate safeguards are in place to ensure your Personal Data
   will be protected in line with the requirements of the GDPR.

   Important note: as above, all the Personal Data we share is
   ‘pseudonymous’.
   Recipients Category(ies) of Personal Data we share. Why we share this
   Personal Data
   Demand Side Platforms, Supply Side Platforms, Ad Networks, Exchanges,
   and Dynamic Creative Optimization Partners (At a high-level, these are
   technology providers we partner with that use software programs to
   enable Advertisers to buy ad space on Publisher Properties). Segment
   Data (including Non-Sensitive Health Related Segments), Location Data,
   device information (i.e., device type, make, model, and user agent
   string, which contains additional information about your device and
   application you are using), browser language and IP address, in each
   case tied to a Cookie ID or Mobile Advertising ID. To allow Demand Side
   Platforms to target advertising content you will see as Ads more
   effectively.
   Hosting Provider User Profile Records; Log Records; Segment Data
   (including Non-Sensitive Health Related Segments); and Location Data.
   Our services are hosted on our proprietary Nativo Platform. In order to
   host this service, we have to pass all the data we hold (including your
   Personal Data) to our hosting provider
   Affiliates User Profile Records; Log Records; Segment Data (including
   Non-Sensitive Health Related Segments); and Location Data. As a group
   of companies, we rely on affiliates to provide certain services to us.
   All affiliates are required to adhere to the descriptions and
   specifications set out in this Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy.
   An acquirer or insolvency practitioner User Profile Records; Log
   Records; Segment Data (including Non-Sensitive Health-Related
   Segments); and Location Data. We may share Personal Data when we do a
   business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or
   transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can
   include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction
   or proceeding. All counterparties will be required to keep such
   information strictly confidential.
   Law enforcement agencies and regulatory authorities User Profile
   Records; Log Records; Segment Data (including Non-Sensitive Health
   Related Segments); and Location Data. We may share Personal Data as we
   believe necessary or appropriate:
   • to comply with applicable laws; and/or
   • to comply with lawful requests and legal process, including to
   respond to requests from public and government authorities to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements.

How we keep your Personal Data secure.

   We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your
   Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an
   unauthorized way, altered or disclosed.

   We limit access to your Personal Data to those employees and other
   staff who have a business need to have such access. All such people are
   subject to a contractual duty of confidentiality.

   We have put in place procedures to deal with any actual or suspected
   Personal Data breach. In the event of any such breach, we have systems
   in place to work with applicable regulators. In addition, in certain
   circumstances (e.g., where we are legally required to do so) we may
   notify you of this breach.

   Important note: as the Personal Data we hold about you is
   ‘pseudonymous’, we do not know who you are – so, we don’t have any
   means of liaising with you directly to inform you of any Personal Data
   breach that may have occurred. Although this will be decided on a
   case-by-case basis, working in conjunction with the regulator, it is
   most likely that we will provide notice of any such breach by way of a
   general posting on this website.

How long we store your Personal Data.

   We will only retain your Personal Data for so long as we reasonably
   require it to use it for the purposes set out above, unless a longer
   retention period is required by law (for example for regulatory
   purposes):

   The table below shows our standard retention practices:
   Category of Personal Data Retention period
   User Profile Records (plus associated Segment Data and Location Data)
   We permanently delete User Profile Records (plus any associated Segment
   Data and Location Data) forty-five (45) days after we last see repeat
   visits on a Property from a user with a known Cookie ID. Please note:
   this means that we keep User Profile Records for so as long as the user
   with a known Cookie ID remains active on Properties
   Log Records We keep Log Records for a maximum of two (2) years from the
   data on which they are collected, after which they will be deleted
   permanently. The duration of this retention period is required to
   ensure that we are able to retain this information for as long as is
   needed to comply with our obligations to our Publishers and Advertisers
   relating to Fraud Prevention (particularly audit requests) and Campaign
   Reporting

Our policy on children.

   We contractually require our Publishers to not place any Ads on, or
   make available any ad space for Ads on, any Publisher Property that is:
     * directed to children under the age of sixteen (16); or
     * that collects information from users known by Publisher to be under
       the age of sixteen (16) in the European Economic Area or under the
       age of thirteen (13) in the United States.

   Interest Based Ads Privacy Policy
   Who we are.
   What we do.
   Cookies.
   Mobile Advertising IDs.
   What “Your Rights” are (including your ‘opt out’ rights).
   What Personal Data we collect.
   How we use your Personal Data and why.
   Who we share your Personal Data with.
   How we keep your Personal Data secure.
   How long we store your Personal Data
   Our policy on children.

   ABOUT US
   ADVERTISERS
   PUBLISHERS
   NEWS

   ABOUT INTEREST-BASED ADS
   CAREERS + CULTURE
   CONTACT
   FAQ
   [mma-og.png] [logo_white.png] [nai-logo.png] [tag_logo.png]
   Nativo
   100 North Pacific Coast Highway, 10th FL,
   El Segundo, CA, 90245,
   United States
   marketing@nativo.com
   Hours

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WK9NCW5

   Policies and Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use
   Copyright 2019 Nativo Inc. All rights reserved.
   #RSS Feed

   Nativo Native Platform
   (BUTTON)
   Cart 0

   Advertisers Publishers About CAREERS Blog Login

   (BUTTON)

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Cart 0

   AdvertisersPublishersAboutCAREERSBlogLogin
   Nativo Native Platform

   Scroll


Enabling the Future

of Advertising

   The most advanced platform for deploying, serving and optimizing
   integrated ads and brand content.

   FOR ADVERTISERSFOR PUBLISHERS
   mobile_home.jpg

   Advertiser_homepage_BackgroundSMALL_500.jpg
   Advertiser_homepage_BackgroundSMALL_500.jpg

   BRANDS & AGENCIES

Connect Throughout the Consumer Journey with Content.

   Move consumers from awareness to action with our exclusive suite of
   high-performing, proven native formats. Nativo is the only native
   provider with publisher-direct inventory that’s bot-free and viewable
   guaranteed.
   ama.png ama.png
   ups.png ups.png
   gmlogogrey.png gmlogogrey.png
   chase-bank.png chase-bank.png
   ibm.png ibm.png
   verizon.png verizon.png
   hd.png hd.png
   mazda.png mazda.png

   LEARN MORE
   test2home.jpg


   static1.squarespace1mobilepub.png static1.squarespace1mobilepub.png

   SCALE YOUR CONTENT

Built for Content. Designed for Publishers.

   Create and execute native campaigns leveraging streamlined tools, offer
   exclusive access to inventory via Deal ID, access a variety of  premium
   demand and track performance with Nativo’s advanced publisher platform
   - designed to handle every type of native format.
   wall-street-journal-logo.png wall-street-journal-logo.png
   Motortrendweb4.png Motortrendweb4.png
   bonn.png bonn.png
   dow.png dow.png
   hearst.png hearst.png
   rodale.png rodale.png
   timegrey.png timegrey.png
   idg_greyu.png idg_greyu.png

   LEARN MORE
   Publisher_Section_Background_800.jpg

   Nativo Platform
   Home - Advertisers2
   Home - Publishers

   ABOUT US
   ADVERTISERS
   PUBLISHERS
   NEWS

   ABOUT INTEREST-BASED ADS
   CAREERS + CULTURE
   CONTACT
   FAQ
   [mma-og.png] [logo_white.png] [nai-logo.png] [tag_logo.png]
   Nativo
   100 North Pacific Coast Highway, 10th FL,
   El Segundo, CA, 90245,
   United States
   marketing@nativo.com
   Hours

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WK9NCW5

   Policies and Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use
   Copyright 2019 Nativo Inc. All rights reserved.
