   #alternate alternate alternate rosieveggie: “ op-frisky-dingo: “
   medic981: “ libertarian-lady: “The reality of Instagram Modeling ” This
   is important. ” I mean also just a handy guide ” o.o ”

                [tumblr_static_c3ujvt605x4wgccoswocc8sgk.jpg]

     * Home
     * About Me
     * FAQs
     * Workouts
     * Recipes Shop
     * Advertising

   backonpointe I'm a young adult and a former dance student (current
   dance hobbyist), and I'm working to lose fat, gain muscle, become more
   fit... and help others do the same!
   My Ask Box is always open to questions. Please read my FAQ before
   sending me a question.
   Browsing Back On Pointe while in recovery or dealing with a trigger?
   Learn how to read safely!

Advertisements

                        Advertise on Back On Pointe!
                PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online!

   PHOTO

    acdemic: “ lots of people study best with sounds, while others may
  prefer white noise or just silence – it’s a trial and error of seeing
    what works best for you! this is an ultimate guide to study playlists
               and songs. you can find more study playlist...

   acdemic:

     lots of people study best with sounds, while others may prefer white
     noise or just silence – it’s a trial and error of seeing what works
     best for you! this is an ultimate guide to study playlists and
     songs. you can find more study playlist posts / masterposts at my
     tag #study sounds (check it out here!)

what to know about studying with sounds

     it’s super important that you know the pros and cons of studying
     with music, because it’s not right for everyone. music and studying
     research has shown that students who study listening to classical
     music tend to absorb more information, because classical music has
     the power to stimulate a student’s thinking. furthermore, studying
     with music can also keep a student awake by putting them into a
     rhythm that helps them to move through assignments and material.

     however, some students may get distracted by the music and focus
     more on the sound than the assignment. while classical music and
     studying seem to be a nice combination, other sounds may not have
     the same effect. if you can’t focus when you study with music, it
     may not be the best option for you!

     (source)

ideas for studying with sounds

     you can use sounds while you study in a variety of different ways.
     some may work for you while others may not!
     * let your music determine your break times. if you enjoy making your
       own study playlists, make one that will last as long as the study
       period. if you intend to study for 40 minutes, make a 40 minute
       playlist so that when the music stops, you know it’s time for a
       break! (source)

     * use music to study for different subjects. for example, if you play
       one playlist every time you study for math, whenever you hear that
       playlist your brain will go into math mode. if you don’t use random
       music whenever you study, music can really help shape your studying
       routine.

     * blast during breaks. maybe it’s not necessary to study with music
       playing, but playing music during your break times is a great way
       to keep your energy up and refresh your mind from all that
       silence!! during your breaks you can grab a snack or stretch, and
       music will definitely set the mood.

sounds to study with

     ++natural

     for those of you who work best with white noise, the sound of rain,
     coffee shop sounds, etc. a few great ones are:
     * coffitivity : recreates the sound of a cafe, there are three free
       options (morning murmur, lunctime lounge, and university
       undertones) as well as three options you’ll unlock if you purchase
       a premium for $9 a year.

     * noisli : awesome site that allows you to mix different sounds and
       create your perfect environment. a wide variety of nice sounds such
       as rain, wind, fire, cafe, and more.

     * rainymood : rain. lots of rain.

     * gentle rain : this is literally a 12 hour youtube video of soft
       rain white noise. on the video there’s links to other superlong
       rain youtube videos so you can check those out!

     * nature sounds : waterfalls, birds chirping.. if that’s what you
       like, this 8 hour youtube video is perfect for you (gosh, how do
       people have the patience to make these things!!)

     * calming seas : 11 hours of the sound of the nice calming sea. i
       really like this one :)

     * there are TONS of great playlists and such on youtube, i promise if
       you just search “calming sounds” you’ll find so many. again, it’s a
       matter of finding the sounds that work for you!

     there are also tons of applications you can download on phones or
     ipads that have neat sounds. i like muji to relax (bonus points for
     muji) and natr (which has like.. 47 different nature sounds, if i’m
     counting correctly!).

     ++instrumental playlists

     for those of you who prefer gorgeous instrumental tracks, i’ve got
     goodies for you too! 8tracks playlists galore. i know it looks like
     a lot to read through but i’ve added comments to each one just so
     you’ll know whether it’s what you’re looking for – instead of having
     to go through every single one.
     * work hard in silence, let success be your noise : this is a great
       playlist of 14 tracks, they’re all instrumental (majority piano)
       and there’s a good mix of different types of songs and tempos. the
       second track, comptine d'un autre été – l'après-midi is really high
       speed and energetic while song for sienna (solo piano version) is
       more gentle and soft. my favorite track on here is skinny love
       (piano) ohhhmygoodness.

     * the sky - the moon - the stars : this one’s more slow and relaxing
       (though waltz “swan lake” starts out with a bang and has more
       energy!) you’d totally be able to use it for nights where you’re
       having trouble sleeping as well. there are 8 tracks and like the
       first playlist, there’s a nice variety of sounds.

     * more coffee, please : this is a diverse mix of 11 tracks and i’m
       sure there’s something for everyone! this playlist starts off with
       black & yellow which is really high-energy and fun, great for if
       you want to jam while you study. take me to church is this
       beautiful but faster-moving violin and piano cover of take me to
       church by hozier. on the other hand, cristofori’s dream (live
       orchestral version) is really soft and slow. so this 8tracks list
       really has it all.

     * stillness of mind : really lovely playlist of 22 tracks that i
       think would be great for studying at night because it’s calming
       without making you super sleepy, while still having both fast and
       slow songs. talk about a balancing act! i like this one so much,
       especially at the ivy gate and love story.

     * for those times when even words are too much : 10 track playlist. a
       calming and quiet start with clair de lune. though that song’s more
       soft and sleepy, bach’s cello suite no.1 i-prelude will wake you
       right up, trust me! overall it’s a nice mix like the other
       playlists – not my personal favorite but it’s lovely so i’m i’m
       sure it’ll work for some of you! :)

     * the theory of everything : 17 gorgeous tracks. i. love. this. these
       aren’t classical piano songs or anything but they’re all so bright
       and beautiful!! warning though cassandra was a huge surprise to my
       ears because it got super loud. i love this playlist a lot though!!

     * mindscapes - music for writing : exactly what it sounds like! 12
       really nice and calming tracks for writing. can’t say much about it
       honestly, i think it would be great background music for writing
       papers / essays. the creator of this playlist is a writer and you
       should check out her other playlists as well over here because
       there are playlists for action scenes, love stories, etc.

     * sense of wonder : this playlist of 8 tracks was actually created by
       a studyblr, @sleepy-study (who you should check out!) i think the
       playlist actually captures the name really well, it has this sense
       of wonderment to it – it’s calming and makes my head feel nice and
       light. great for if you’re feeling really stressed!

     * study for a minute : 9 tracks of classical music that are all super
       pretty and calming to listen to. i think this would be great for
       writing essays or reading! i listened to this while i was doing
       math homework and it didn’t work as well, but it’s up to you of
       course.

     * focus and study : a 15 track playlist that starts out beautifully
       with claire de lune, and continues on in instrumental glory!! i
       really love the second track, serenity spa. also, lots of people
       have said it’s worked for them in the comments, so i think this
       playlist could work for any subject!

     * notes for dreamers : 35 track playlist of gorgeous piano
       songs, “for peaceful studying, tea drinking, deep thinking,
       melancholic drifting and sleep reaching.” (i really loved their
       description) it’s a very lovely playlist and kind of makes me feel
       like i’m in a ballet, haha.

     * focus. : 34 lovely classical tracks to listen to for focus! i
       loooove this one for writing / english homework. le moulin (4th
       track) and new moon (The Meadow)  especially pretty! and even
       though i love it, the theme from schindler’s list always makes me
       sniffly. the creator of the playlist also said to combine with
       noisli, which i haven’t tried, but you can give that a shot!

     * cuddles and studies : 9 really soft and gentle tracks,
       the “cuddles” part of the title is definitely there!! a really nice
       playlist, but not completely instrumental. some such as skinny love
       (birdy / bon iver acoustic cover) and atlas:taste have vocal parts,
       so it may not be the best for writing papers / essays. play this
       when you need a musical hug while you study – whether you’re
       stressed out or you just got a bad grade!

     * mango juice & coconuts : this is a youtube playlist with 378 songs,
       so i haven’t listened to the whole thing, but it’s a mix of unique
       sounds so it may appeal to you. they are also not all instrumental.
       however, even if you don’t play this while you study, some of these
       songs would be great to play during a study break to get you
       feeling relaxed and help you refocus!

     * can’t focus : this instrumental playlist is quite bright and
       upbeat, and is great for studying in the afternoon and night
       especially if you’re feeling a little drowsy. although it’s one of
       the softer and less energetic ones, i really like to dust! it has
       such a nice and steady flow that really gets your brain in the
       zone.

     * unfinished sentences : calming piano playlist with 12 tracks.
       really lovely and soft, kind of makes me feel like i’m being
       hugged. also, how could i not love a piano cover of not about
       angels? it’s literal perfection and sounds like raindrops on a
       windowpane but prettier. loooove.

     * keep calm and study on : a lovely instrumental (piano and violin)
       playlist of 14 tracks. i find this one really calming as well, and
       i like the violin covers especially because in study playlists
       there’s usually a lot of piano. also, the playlist was made by
       fellow studyblr, @theverbivorestudies !!

     * arise : another great playlist of 12 tracks including works by
       ravel, saint saens, bach, schubert, and brahms. i love the
       description the creator wrote - “a lovely playlist to motivate one
       to explore the uncertain depths of one’s world.” really nice
       playlist for the morning to start out your day, especially track 2
       (ravel - assez vif, tres rythme)!!

     * vellichor : over five and a half hours of instrumental music for
       reading, writing, studying, or wandering through libraries and
       bookstores. 69 track playlist of gorgeous classical music! not much
       i can say, but it’s really great and i think this would work for
       nights where it’s hard to sleep as well!

     * everything classic : exactly what it sounds like. classical music
       at its best!! 30 great songs – i will say that dancers on a string
       (reprise) creeped me out (anyone else have songs that scare them?).
       but otherwise, if you want classical… this is the way to go.

     * & all the sweet serenity of books : first of all, isn’t the name of
       this playlist gorgeous ?!?! yesyes it is. i looove this one (song
       of the heart is so pretty!!) and would definitely recommend for
       reading and writing. it’s just *single tear slides down cheek* so
       beautiful.

     if you didn’t find what you were looking for, do not lose hope!
     there are so many corners of the internet to find study music. there
     are plenty of other 8tracks playlists (i’ve put in the tags study
     and instrumental, since that’s usually what i use to find my study
     music) and of course, there are many options on youtube (there are a
     lot of really long options for a lonnnng study session but some can
     get kind of boring so i would recommend a playlist instead!)

     this list is just a few of my favorites that i think will work! i
     hope this helps you when you use music to study and i hope you like
     some of the playlists i chose! :)

   (via size10plz)
   ▲ music studying school studyblr student students
   ▲ 09.09.17 ▲ 13071 NOTES ▲ Reblog
   PHOTO

  tasselfairy: “Posting this because I wish someone would have said it to
   me when I was younger… even now I still need the reminder from time to
   time. ❤️#endthestigma (via @blindsaay @refinery29) (at Los Angeles,
                               California) ”

   tasselfairy:

     Posting this because I wish someone would have said it to me when I
     was younger… even now I still need the reminder from time to time.
     ❤️#endthestigma (via @blindsaay @refinery29) (at Los Angeles,
     California)

   (via size10plz)
   ▲ mental health mental illness
   ▲ 09.08.17 ▲ 1718 NOTES ▲ Reblog
   PHOTO

  the-exercist: “ 5 Signs You’re Not Eating Enough Before a Workout “
     “Remember, food gives you energy,” Albert Matheny, M.S., R.D.,
    C.S.C.S., cofounder of SoHo Strength Lab in New York City and advisor
            to Promix Nutrition, tells SELF. “Specifically,...

   the-exercist:

5 Signs You’re Not Eating Enough Before a Workout

     “Remember, food gives you energy,” Albert Matheny, M.S., R.D.,
     C.S.C.S., cofounder of SoHo Strength Lab in New York City and
     advisor to Promix Nutrition, tells SELF. “Specifically,
     carbohydrates are what give you the energy you need for moderate- to
     high-intensity exercise. If you don’t have enough in your system,
     you won’t be able to output any significant amount of energy.”

     If you’re not fueling properly, “Short term, you’ll feel crummy.
     Long term, you won’t make progress, you’ll get frustrated, and
     you’ll start to think exercise is full of false promises,” Rob
     Sulaver, C.S.C.S., C.S.N., founding trainer at Rumble Boxing and
     founder/CEO of Bandana Training, tells SELF.

     Bottom line: Whether your goal is to build strength, increase
     endurance, or lose weight, you need to make sure you’re giving your
     body the fuel it needs. Here are the top signs you’re not eating
     enough before exercising. Plus, when and what you should eat.

     Read the article here at Self.com

   (Source: self.com, via the-exercist)
   ▲ fitness health calories
   ▲ 09.07.17 ▲ 184 NOTES ▲ Reblog
   PHOTOSET

   IFRAME: photoset_iframe_165051468378

   rosieveggie:

     op-frisky-dingo:

     medic981:

     libertarian-lady:

     The reality of Instagram Modeling

     This is important.

     I mean also just a handy guide

     o.o

   (Source: ash-ash-bo-bash, via size10plz)
   ▲ body image media social media
   ▲ 09.06.17 ▲ 239862 NOTES ▲ Reblog

   ____________________ (Search) Search

Find me here

   Facebook Twitter Tribesports Tribe Instagram YouTube Pinterest Patreon
   Wishlist Contact Me

Pages

     * Answered Questions

     * Fitness Reviews

     * Food Reviews

     * Tags I Use

     * Pictures and Videos of Me

     * Shop

Helpful Posts

   How to Dance When You Can't Afford to Dance Nighttime Bingeing The Five
   Dimensions of Fitness Post-Proana Dance Audition Guide Body Love
   Resources Let's Talk About Stretch Marks

Partners

   FitFluential Is Fitness Found

   fly to Top next »

   Athenability
   Design by Athenability
   Powered by Tumblr
   [athenability_badge.png]

   Quantcast

   counter on tumblr

   [impixu?T=1570170957&J=eyJ0eXBlIjoicG9zdCIsInVybCI6Imh0dHA6Ly9iYWNrb25w
   b2ludGUudHVtYmxyLmNvbS8iLCJyZXF0eXBlIjowLCJyb3V0ZSI6Ii8iLCJwb3N0cyI6W3s
   icm9vdF9ibG9naWQiOiIyNjc5NjM4NTgiLCJyb290X3Bvc3RpZCI6IjEzODQ4NTQxNzY5NS
   IsInBvc3RpZCI6IjE2NTE1NzY2OTQ4OCIsImJsb2dpZCI6IjIwMDY1NTgxIiwic291cmNlI
   jozM30seyJyb290X2Jsb2dpZCI6IjIyMjU5Nzk0OSIsInJvb3RfcG9zdGlkIjoiMTY0ODI4
   NjA1NDE0IiwicG9zdGlkIjoiMTY1MTIyMzQ2NTU0IiwiYmxvZ2lkIjoiMjAwNjU1ODEiLCJ
   zb3VyY2UiOjMzfSx7InJvb3RfYmxvZ2lkIjoiNjkxMTY5NzEiLCJyb290X3Bvc3RpZCI6Ij
   E2NDk0NzMwOTI3NCIsInBvc3RpZCI6IjE2NTA4NzQyMDg0OSIsImJsb2dpZCI6IjIwMDY1N
   TgxIiwic291cmNlIjozM30seyJyb290X2Jsb2dpZCI6IjMwNjg0NTk3OCIsInJvb3RfcG9z
   dGlkIjoxNjQ0ODgwMjUxMzIsInBvc3RpZCI6IjE2NTA1MTQ2ODM3OCIsImJsb2dpZCI6IjI
   wMDY1NTgxIiwic291cmNlIjozM31dLCJub3NjcmlwdCI6MX0=&U=ELHMDCOGKO&K=09afa2
   e8461593af6ceb30fff9043994e0d39fc07822e2fb636b92e73fda9e68&R=http%3A%2F
   %2Fbackonpointe.tumblr.com%2F]
