   #Organized Charm - Atom Organized Charm - RSS

   Organized Charm

Pages

     *
     * ORGANIZED HOME
     * ORGANIZED LIFE
     * ORGANIZED STUDYING
     * ORGANIZED TEACHING

Saturday, February 9, 2019

5 Time Management Tips for College

   [blogger-image-1432545701.jpg]

Click here to read the full post!

   8 comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Studying

Sunday, January 6, 2019

3 Productive Mini Habits to Start Today

   productivity tips, how to start good habits, organization blogs, time
   management
   Click here to read the full post!

   3 comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Productivity Tips

Saturday, December 22, 2018

13 Surprising Statistics About Teaching

   Hi Kirsten! I am a freshman in college and am an elementary education
   major. I am trying to decide which grade I want to teach, and I want to
   learn more about the whole process!
   - - -
   What a great question and super exciting time of life!
   [Teacher%2Bstatistics.jpeg]
   I knew from the beginning that I wanted to teach Kindergarten. I had
   the advantage of working at a tutoring center during high school and
   getting to interact with elementary students of all grade levels. The
   Kindergarteners were always my favorite! They were sweet, funny, and
   happy to be there. I just always knew that, if I became a teacher, that
   would be my grade.
   But it's not always that easy for teachers. Many teachers take a job
   teaching a grade they don't necessarily want to teach, just to get
   their foot in the door with a school. Lots of teachers soon find out
   that they love that grade more than the one they thought they wanted to
   teach! And many other teachers shuffle around to different grades
   throughout their careers. You just never know how it will work out :)
   If you're someone who is interested in becoming a teacher, here are
   some "real talk" statistics that your professors may not mention.
   [teachers%2Bbuy%2Bown%2Bsupplies.JPG]
   1 | Teachers spend an average of $500 of their own money on classroom
   supplies
   Source: National Center for Education Statistics
   This is so true. When I worked in public school, we were given a
   stipend of $100 for our classrooms. ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS. Some of the
   teachers at our school literally spent thousands of dollars over the
   course of the year. Why? You love your kids. You want them to have an
   inviting classroom to learn in, adequate supplies, and engaging
   learning activities. For most teachers, this money is spent with an
   attitude of love, not resentment. The good news? Almost anything you
   buy for school is tax deductible, so create a system to help you SAVE
   THOSE RECEIPTS!
   [teacher%2Bhours.JPG]
   2 | Teachers work an average of 50 hours per week
   Source: National Education Association
   Teacher hours are usually coveted by people in the "regular" workforce.
   The breaks, holidays, and early dismissal. I've got to admit,
   especially now that I'm a mom, those breaks are invaluable! The lines
   between working and not working are usually pretty blurred for
   teachers. Even when you're not in the building, you're emailing
   parents, looking up ideas, prepping materials, lesson planning, etc.
   The great thing about this job is that it is SO personal and SO
   creative. Because no two teachers are the same, it is easy to feel
   passionate about what you're doing! For that reason, work doesn't
   always feel like work. It's always new and exciting and different!
   [teachers%2Bsecond%2Bjob.JPG]
   3 | About 30% of teachers have a second job
   Source: Brookings
   It's no secret that the pay for teachers is not great. Public school
   systems typically pay more than independent schools, so if money is a
   priority for you, you probably want to go public. Not all teachers who
   have second jobs do it just for the money, though. You have to take
   into account that selling on Teachers Pay Teachers or Etsy would be
   considered a "second job," too. Also, keep in mind that teachers
   sometimes get bored over summer or on breaks. It's nice to have a side
   hustle or something productive to do with your time! Personally, I
   tutor outside of school hours and host a couple of summer camps. The
   flexibility teaching provides is great!
   [teachers%2Blove%2Bstudents.JPG]
   4 | More than 91% of teachers report purchasing basic necessities for
   students
   Source: Huffington Post
   Depending on where you teach, your students may need financial
   assistance from time to time. This is 100% NOT expected or obligatory.
   As you get to know your kids and their families, you may want to step
   in and cover a field trip admission or buy food for a student to take
   home over the weekend. Your students become YOUR kids and you never
   want to see them left out or in need. It's always a case-by-case basis
   when you decide to help out a student in need. This sounds so cheesy,
   but your heart will guide you if you run into this kind of situation.
   [good%2Bteachers.JPG]
   5 | 88% of people say a teacher had a positive impact on their lives
   Source: ING Foundation Survey
   Most people you know could easily tell you the name of their favorite
   teacher growing up. I can't even tell you how many "I love yous" and
   "You're the bests" I hear from my students throughout the day. Your
   kids will LOVE you and look up to you. They will draw you pictures and
   value your opinion and pretend to be you on the playground ( well,
   maybe not the teenagers ;) ). You'll talk about your students to anyone
   who will listen. Your spouse/roommate/mom will know your students by
   name, even if they've never met them! When you send your kids off to
   the next grade, you'll tell the new teacher "You better take care of
   ___, he/she's my baby!"
   [teacher%2Bovertime.JPG]
   6 | Teachers work an average of 400+ hours of overtime each year
   Source: EdTech
   Every teacher has their own individual work style when it comes to
   this. Personally, I like to show up 45 minutes early each morning. That
   gives me time to set up my room, think about the flow of the day, prep,
   lesson plan, email, and just do anything that needs to be done. At the
   end of the day, I usually try not to stay any longer than 30 minutes.
   There's always more to do, but I set a timer and leave when it goes
   off. In addition to the school day, there are sometimes nighttime
   events, like open houses, parent-teacher conferences, and other special
   events. Weeks with these events can be exhausting, but they can also be
   fun because they bring you and your team a lot closer!
   [teacher%2Bpreparation.JPG]
   7 | 75% of first-year teachers say they were well-prepared for their
   instructional duties
   Source: National Institute of Educational Statistics
   The Professional Developments can be SO overwhelming your first year!
   Your district will have you attending so many different seminars,
   workshops, lectures, orientations, in-services, and classes that you
   won't know what to do with yourself. And EVERYTHING has an acronym. I
   once attended an entire seminar on some new initiative called CLIP, and
   when I left, I still didn't even know what CLIP stood for! The good
   news is, the things that you learned will start to make sense once you
   have an opportunity to apply them. The bad news is, you will feel like
   you are drowning in PDs your first year. Just stick with it... it will
   get better!

            The average student-teacher ratio in America is 16:1

    8 | The average student-teacher ratio is 16:1
   Public School Review
   This is actually a great ratio! Where I live, in Tennessee, the maximum
   class size for Kindergarten is supposed to be 25. However, my roster
   hovered around 28-30. Be prepared, if you teach in a lower-income area,
   that several of your students may drop from your roster without
   warning. This is caused by unstable living environments, where families
   may move from one relative's house to another throughout the school
   year. The size of my class varied from week-to-week. Now that I'm
   teaching in an independent school, my school's student-teacher ratio is
   9:1. This is one reason many parents choose independent schools when
   they can.

              56% of teachers have a Master's Degree or higher

   9 | 56% of teachers have a Master's Degree or higher
   Source: National Center for Education Statistics
   I am represented by this statistic, as well as most of the teachers I
   know. In my job search process, it seemed like the #1 thing
   administrators cared about you having was a certification. Even with a
   Master's Degree, it was virtually impossible for me to get hired until
   they knew I had taken all of my certification exams. BUT if it comes
   down to two certified teachers, having a higher education degree will
   likely put you ahead. A lot of teachers choose to attend grad school
   WHILE they are teaching. It's important to remember that teachers are
   lifelong learners who are always looking to improve and grow!
   43% of teachers sleep less than six hours a night
   10 | 43% of teachers sleep 6 or fewer hours per night
   Source: Ball State University
   If you follow a lot of teacher accounts on Instagram, you'll see that
   there is a LOT of talk about being tired and a lot of love for coffee!
   Why don't teachers get enough sleep? According to a recent Gallup poll,
   the average American gets 6.8 hours of sleep... so none of us are doing
   a great job of sleeping. For teachers, there is work that comes home
   with you. Factor in commutes to work, and the responsibilities of home
   and kids, and it's easy to see how it can be hard to get enough sleep.
   In fact, only 48% of moms sleep 7+ hours per night (regardless of their
   career). We've just all got to learn to prioritize our health,
   regardless of our circumstances.

             the average public school teacher salary is $58,000

   11 | The average public school teacher salary is $58,353
   Source: National Education Association
   In Tennessee, it's about $10,000 less than that. But you can make more
   depending on your test scores, seniority, and observation scores.
   According to Chron.com, the average for private school teachers is
   $36,250. The decision between public and private is one of time vs.
   money. Private schools aren't held to the intense state-testing
   standards that public schools are. As a private school teacher, you can
   usually leave work earlier, have more control over your content, and
   there is far less paperwork. Personally, the work-life balance and
   positive relationships with admin that private school provides are
   worth the pay difference for me.

                83% of teachers teach for 10 years or longer

   12 | 83% of teachers stay in the profession for 10 years or longer
   Source: Washington Post
   It's very rare that you run across an educator who hates his/her job.
   If this job is not for you, will find out in the first five years.
   Teaching is too demanding for someone who is not passionate about it.
   Most teachers are happy to spend their own money, work the long hours,
   sit through the PDs, and all the other things that come along with
   teaching. It's hard to explain because it sounds crazy! But when you
   love your job, you love all the hard things that come along with it.
   You embrace it, make light of it, and find teammates to encourage and
   be encouraged by. It's kind of like how college life is exhausting but
   fun at the same time. There is so much joy in teaching. Just make sure
   to keep a positive attitude!
   98% of Americans believe a good teacher can change a student's life
   13 | 98% of Americans believe that a good teacher can change a
   student's life
   Source: ING Survey
   This is something that keeps a lot of teachers running. There is so
   much appreciation felt by Americans toward teachers. When I tell people
   what I do, the first thing most of them say is, "It takes a special
   person to be a teacher. I could never do that!" Guess what? They are
   right! It is a difficult job that requires a lot of patience,
   perseverance, and passion. If you are called to be a teacher, YOU ARE A
   SPECIAL PERSON. You are willing to care for other people's children
   like they are your own. You think about them on the weekends, over
   breaks, and even years later. You will maintain relationships with some
   students and their families for a lifetime.

   75% of job success depends on your optimism levels and your ability to
                see stress as a challenge instead of a threat

   As you think about your future career as a teacher, know that it is one
   that requires a lot of heart. BUT most teachers couldn't imagine doing
   anything else. It is not a career driven by money or status, but it is
   a career driven by passion. Most educators feel that teaching is truly
   a calling, and that is why it's so hard to "turn it off" at home.
   Teaching is personal. Your kids are YOURS for a whole year, and you do
   whatever it takes to help them succeed :)
   No matter what grade you end up teaching, you find the perfect grade,
   school, teaching team that works for you. And once you do, you will
   know why people say that teaching is the greatest job on the planet!
   What advice do you have for education majors/first-year teachers? Or,
   if you are an education major/first-year teacher, what
   questions/concerns/worries do you have?!
   Follow Organized Charm on Facebook and Instagram for classroom
   inspiration!
   4 comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Organized Teaching, Teaching Tips
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
   Related Posts Plugin for WordPress, Blogger...
   Related Posts Plugin for WordPress, Blogger...

     Hi, I'm Kirsten! An organization-obsessed Kindergarten teacher who
   believes in making life as bright, cheery, and orderly as possible! :)

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

   [smaller%2Bemail.png] [iconmonstr-facebook-1-48-2.png]
   [iconmonstr-instagram-1-48.png]   [iconmonstr-pinterest-1-48.png]

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

   __________ Search

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

     * How to Create a Semester Assignment Spreadsheet
     * How to Take Better Class Notes
     * How I Organize My Planner
     * Top 10 Semester Essentials
     * How to Make a Daily Prioritized Study List
     * Organized Study Time
     * Best Pandora Stations for Studying
     * Note-Formatting Resource
     * Outline Your Textbook Chapters
     * Top 10 Organizing Blogs

   [INS: :INS]

   Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

Disclaimer

   Whenever a post is identified as “sponsored," it means that the company
   who sponsored it compensated me via gift or payment to write it.
   Regardless, I only recommend products/services that fit this blog’s
   purpose and that I think my charming readers would be interested in!
   I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s
   16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and
   Testimonials in Advertising.”
