   #alternate alternate Stacy Mae Photography – NJ Family Photographer
   Posts RSS feed

     * Home
     * About Me
     * Sessions
     * Blog
     * Contact

     * Home
     * About Me
     * Sessions
     * Blog
     * Contact

     *

     *
     *

     *

Welcome to Stacy Mae Photography

   Photography isn’t just a job for me, it’s my passion. Before I ever
   decided to go into business, I have loved photographs. Taking them,
   looking at them, displaying them. As a kid, I could sit for hours
   flipping through photo albums asking my mom about the people in them.
   Now that I have children of my own, I love seeing their eyes light up
   when they look at photos of themselves as babies. Photography was my
   way of freezing time so that I could remember all the little things
   about their childhood that change so quickly. I would love to be able
   to capture the little things that make YOUR family special so that when
   you look back at pictures 10 or 20 years from now, you'll remember just
   how wonderfully unique and full of love your family is. So grab a cup
   of coffee (or tea), look around and see if we're a good fit. Check the
   ABOUT PAGE to see a quick video of me and my family. Find out the
   DETAILS of each session that I offer or head straight to the BLOG for
   some sweet eye candy. Oh and did you know I also teach CLASSES? Yes! I
   can teach you how to capture the everyday moments I can't be there for.

   “Photography is a way of feeling, of touching, of loving. What you have
   caught on film is captured forever. It remembers little things, long
   after you have forgotten everything." Aaron Siskind

Featured Sessions

Let’s connect online!

   Hi! I'm so excited you're thinking about booking a session. Emails are
   typically returned within 24-48 hours unless it's the weekend. You know
   how it is - a million things to do and no time to do it! It might take
   an extra day or so then. Can't wait to chat!

   © 2017 Stacy Mae Photography – NJ Family Photographer   |   Site
   Customizations by Ally B Designs|ProPhoto6 WordPress Theme
   Web Toolbar by Wibiya
   wordpress com stats

   Menu
