   #a little Friday Story » Feed a little Friday Story » Comments Feed a
   little Friday Story WordPress.com

a little Friday Story

Financial topics finally pleasant to read about

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

Would a businessman run your country better? (2/2)

   Posted by Little Friday Storyteller

   0

   Note: this piece was embargoed and meant to be released on the 11th of
   March 2016.

   Last week, we saw a few positive and negative examples of businessmen
   running countries. Donald Trump is still leading the Republican race.
   This week we will see a few examples of successful countries without
   businessmen as leaders. We will find out what skillsets are actually
   needed and we will thereafter check whether the US presidential
   hopefuls and the current world leaders share these competencies.

   Looking East
   When I was a pupil at school, the geography syllabus made references to
   the 4 tigers or dragons in Asia: Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan and South
   Korea. At that time, there was some French arrogance in covering these
   4 smaller countries with good growth rates and large manufacturing
   base. Let’s cover a couple of successful leaders in these countries.

   We start with Singapore, which recently mourned its former Prime
   Minister Lee Kuan Yew. Lee graduated from Cambridge with the highest
   honours in Law. During WWII, he learnt Japanese to be able to deal with
   the occupying nation. He started his career as a lawyer before being
   seduced by public office. In 1965, as Singapore was ejected from the
   Malaysian federation, Lee led the country into a major transformation,
   pushing the income per capita from $500 to nearly $60,000 today. There
   were several phases of the success story. First develop tourism and beg
   the British to not destroy the local harbour. Then set up a cheap
   manufacturing industry, using this harbour in a central location.
   Third, attract multinational corporations to set up a base in Singapore
   thanks to world-class infrastructure and the rule of law. In the early
   70’s, the likes of Texas Instrument, HP or Hewlett Packard establish
   Asian bases on the island. Finally, in the late 70’s, develop a
   financial centre to attract and recycle capital inflows. During these
   decades, Lee surrounded himself with economists, senior bankers and law
   professionals, locals or foreigners, in order to keep economic
   development, fight against corruption and rule of law at the centre of
   the agenda.
   Lee yuan kew young

   How a Singapore leader looked like young

   In South Korea, Syngman Rhee and then Park Chung-Hee propelled the
   country from a level of wealth equivalent to Ghana to Spain in 50
   years. Both “presidents” shared a teacher background, an early
   experience of exile (in the USA for Syngman, after evading jail for
   political activities and Japan for Park, who was enrolled in the
   Imperial army) where they learnt foreign languages (English and
   Japanese). Syngman years in the US helped him build the right
   high-level connections which decided the US to defend the South against
   the North in the Korean War while Park used his Japanese links to
   negotiate that Japan paid some War Reparations and made the soft loans
   that gave the initial capital to create a manufacturing base in Korea.

   What about Europe?
   One major success to me of the continent over the past decades has been
   the creation of the EU. The main proponents of the project, the
   so-called “fathers of Europe” were Konrad Adenauer (Germany), Jean
   Monnet and Robert Schuman (France), Paul-Henri Spaak (Belgium), Johan
   Beyen (Netherlands), Joseph Bech (Luxembourg) and Alcide de Gasperi
   (Italy).

   Mr Bech was a lawyer who studied in France and Germany.

   Mr Beyen read law, worked in Switzerland in finance at the Bank of
   International Settlements and fled to the UK during WWII.

   Mr Spaak learnt German as a war prisoner and then studied law, becoming
   a lawyer.

   Mr Monnet left home to live in London and then the US – he was
   perfectly bilingual, a rare thing before WWI! He was a cognac merchant
   before becoming a politician. During WWII, in 1940, he was sent to the
   US to negotiate arm deliveries. This is where he met F.D.Roosevelt and
   convinced him to start re-arming, leading the whole project. He is
   credited by John Maynard Keynes to have cut short the war by one year
   thanks to his skillful planning.

   Mr Schuman was born in Luxembourg, lived in Germany when France lost
   territories in 1870 and then became a lawyer.

   Mr De Gasperi was born in what was Austria-Hungary (but now Italy) so
   had command of German from his youth. He read philosophy and became a
   politician quite quickly.

   Finally, Mr Adenauer studied law and politics and also showed
   entrepreneurial skills by creating the CDU, the party of Mrs Merkel.

   Have you noticed a pattern?
   Many successful or visionary politicians share a legal education,
   significant time spent abroad (voluntarily or forced), mastering
   foreign languages and making connections at the highest level while
   abroad with businessmen, economists and politicians.

   Why are lawyers so prevalent? Governments are here to write and execute
   laws, not to run a factory. Having a legal background is therefore a
   necessary condition.

   Why is time spent abroad so important? These leaders have been exposed
   to new ideas and they have built connections at high levels that they
   have used with great success thereafter.

   Foreign languages? All these leaders are multi-lingual. Look at your
   company or own life – will languages reduce your prospects or improve
   them?

   Final word
   Below I summarise the US presidential race as well as some current
   world leaders. I let you conclude yourselves about the prospects for
   the US and for the major countries.

   US Presidential Race
   presidential-race-us

   The current world leaders
   world-leaders
   Advertisements

   Nov·12

Will businessmen run your country better? (1/2)

   Posted by Little Friday Storyteller

   0

   Bonjour,

   First, apologies for the hiatus last week. I am now back on track.
   As most people, you must have been following the US elections
   primaries, especially the Republicans’ race, with Donald Trump defying
   all the earlier forecasts. Mr Trump mentioned repeatedly that he will
   bring his business acumen to run better the country. Four years ago,
   Republican candidate Mitt Romney (a founder of private-equity group
   Bain Capital) also promoted the same idea. It therefore interested me
   to check whether businessmen ran countries better.


   'I don't want to be president when I grow up, I want to be Donald
   Trump.'

   Donald Trump – the youth idol

   Pros?
   At first glance, a successful entrepreneur or CEO of a multinational
   seems equipped for running a country. They understand economics – they
   know the impact of labour laws, trade deals, infrastructure,
   regulations on business. They master managing teams of people – if they
   are great managers, they will surround themselves from smart people.
   They also are used to make tough decision – closing a plant, shedding
   jobs, buying a rival, risking money on a new venture.
   trump grate

   They need to oil their message

   Donald’s nephews
   The US have actually had several examples of entrepreneurs/businessmen
   running the country. One is not too old: Jimmy Carter (1977-1981). Mr
   Carter was raised in a poor family in Georgia, spent his childhood in
   social housing (the only US president ever in this case). His education
   was completed at the Naval Academy in nuclear submarines after which he
   took over his father’s derelict farm. He had become a peanuts farmer.
   He actually did very well, multiplying production and profits. He then
   entered politics and was an efficient governor, merging agencies,
   saving costs (good farmer thinking) by being the first person to trust
   zero-based budgeting (a budgetary process in which every year, each
   line of spending has to be approved from scratch and justified, often
   accompanied by a reduction of that spending). A few years later,
   Anheuser-Bush Inbev used ZBB as an edge to become the biggest beer
   company in the world.

   Jimmy Carter was unlucky that his terms coincided with a deep economic
   crisis. A lot of his deregulation policies have benefited the man on
   the street in the US, unbeknownst to them: in 1978, the US deregulated
   the airline industry, creating the leisure airline market while in
   1979, the US authorised craft breweries, that some of you must enjoy
   today!
   Democratic Presidential Candidate Jimmy Carter Leaving California
   Aboard the

   As it was called before Air Force One

   Run the country like your business?
   There have been a few other examples in the US of successful
   businessmen leading the country: Abraham Lincoln had a general store
   and ran a law practice (he even patented a product!). Warren Harding
   (1921-1923) was a successful newspaper magnate and ran the country
   during the boom years of the early 1920’s. George HW Bush (the dad) was
   a relatively successful oilman (although quite “helped” by local
   connections). These examples cannot hide some terrible failures. George
   W Bush (2001-2009) presided over the Great Recession. He previously
   made 15x his money buying and selling the Texas Rangers sport
   franchise.

   The worst example is Herbert Hoover (1929-1933). A successful mining
   entrepreneur (among the pioneers mining for ore in Russia – he was not
   the inventor of the vacuum cleaner), he famously said: “If a man has
   not made a million dollars by the time he is forty, he is not worth
   much”. His ascent in politics was through being the Commerce secretary
   where his work centered on eliminating waste and increasing efficiency
   in business and industry. He promoted international trade by opening
   overseas offices to advise businessmen. As the Great Depression struck,
   he struggled to combat the slump and ended up raising trade barriers
   and taxes – what a change of heart!
   herbert hoover

   Famous last word

   What about foreigners?
   Current examples are rare. Finland is run by a tech entrepreneur – Juha
   Sipila. Finland is struggling to escape recessionary times and Mr
   Sipila has had to enter a coalition with nationalists True Finns to
   continue as Prime Minister. Not as exciting as his corporate career.
   In Chile, Sebastián Piñera, president between 2010-2014, built a
   fortune in TV, credit cards, an airline and the ColoColo football club.
   During his presidency, a Richter 9 earthquake struck, fires destroyed
   the wild forest and a volcano erupted. Mr Piñera is now associated with
   bad luck in Chile.
   Finally, there is one entrepreneur in an European country, who started
   in the construction industry before branching to advertising and then
   media, who was seen as the saviour of domestic politics given the low
   level existing at the time. He failed to make as much an impact on the
   country as he did in his businesses or in the tabloid press.
   berlusconi-3

   The saviour

   To conclude this week, business acumen is not enough and sometimes may
   not even be useful. We will see next week that a lot of successful
   leaders in thriving countries have common skillsets, life experiences,
   education backgrounds and the composition of their staff is not a
   random affair. Also, by next week, we should have more indication
   whether Mr Trump will still benefit from enough momentum to become the
   Republican nominee.


   Mar·04

Watch out for the new Dutch disease epidemic (2/2)

   Posted by Little Friday Storyteller

   0

   Bonjour,

   Last week, we touched upon the new case of Dutch diseases around the
   world. While these countries are very dependent on oil and lack
   diversification, some tried to put some money aside for rainy days and
   built up financial reserves, constituted in a mixture of cash, debt
   instruments, stocks and other asset classes such as property.

   Severe weather alert
   The unexpected fact of the oil price fall has been that rainy day funds
   are now facing hurricanes: Saudi Arabia already spent 15% of its
   financial reserves in 2015 and is set to lose at least another 15% this
   year. Algeria, with an oil output of 1.7m bl a day will have swung from
   its usual $10bn trade surplus to a deficit of $20bn in 2016. The Kazakh
   sovereign wealth fund lost 16% over the past 18 months.
   cartoon oil brains

   One of the symptoms

   How did we get there?
   At this point we can introduce another economics concept called the
   Permanent Income Hypothesis. What the concept says is that one adapts
   its consumption not to one’s current level of income but rather to the
   expected future levels. So a lower income in one year will not change
   the spending pattern as long as the future level of income is still
   expected at the same level. Only a permanent large change in your
   income level would warrant a change of spending. Our oil producing
   countries are now only waking up to the fact that the expected future
   levels were too high.

   At the country level, Brazil is finding that 90% of its spending cannot
   be curtailed given the guarantees it gave to pensioners and civil
   servants. The following chart shows that many oil producing countries
   are highly dependent on oil revenues, showing both symptoms of being a
   carrier of the Dutch disease and affected by the Permanent Income
   Hypothesis bias. The fact that many countries need an oil price around
   $100bl to balance their budget shows how fast their spending has
   tracked the higher oil prices. Oil started trading above $100 only in
   October 2007 against less than $10bbl in 1999, 8 years before.
   _87777556_oil_breakeven_price_624v3

   Watch Country Extreme Weight Loss on your TV in 2016.

   Spend spend spend
   The influx of dollars made these countries feel rich, enabling them to
   fund generous social programmes such as those in the Middle East,
   Eurasia or Latin America. Maybe one reason for spending can be found in
   the story of United Arab Emirates’ Sheikh Shakhbut ibn Sultan, 60 years
   ago.
   Worried that oil revenues would turn the heads of his loyal subjects,
   he hid the cash received from oil sales under his bed.
   Sadly, mice started to eat the dollars so he had to put the incoming
   notes into the bank. His comical penny-pinching (one had to obtain his
   royal permission to build a road or open a shop) led to his demise and
   in 1966, he was overthrown.
   Understandably, no other ruler in the Middle-East or beyond were
   inspired by this experience.
   Hillyard-Shakhbut_2830517c

   Payments in cash, not Sheikhs

   Let me now share the case of Venezuela. Under President Hugo Chavez,
   the country embarked on a massive spending through the Bolivarian
   missions. These missions built hospitals, houses, schools…

   Very noble objectives which contributed to a fall in poverty rates from
   49.4% in 1999 to 30.2% in 2006 according to the United Nations Economic
   Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC). However, the
   ECLAC showed a nearly 7% jump in poverty in 2013, from 25.4% in 2012
   increasing to 32.1% in 2013. Local universities now put the poverty
   rate at 48.4% in 2015. it is now thought that only 10% of Venezuelans
   benefited from the missions’ money, out of which half were not poor in
   the first place. Some money could have been saved for rainy days.

   chavez-oil-industry

   Save save save
   Today, there is no more money so profligacy is out of the question and
   local populations suffer. Algéria, a large oil and gas producer,
   already lost 25% of its reserves. The last period of low oil prices,
   between 1986 and 1995, led to a decade long recession and a civil war
   costing at least 60,000 lives. The country is only now reacting to the
   fall after thinking for one year that Saudi Arabia’s increased output
   was just bluff (!) Kazakhstan, best country in the world and third
   producer of potassium according to Borat, cut spending by 10% in 2015
   by lowering the funding for winter sport events and delaying a subway
   in Almaty.

   Some countries try to find original strategies to lessen the pain of
   austerity. Nigeria is banning imports of several categories of goods as
   to avoid stocking domestic inflation – inevitably, this creates
   shortages and substitution with lesser quality goods. Another tactic is
   more autoritarian: as shortages of many goods accelerated, Venezuela
   increasingly forced foreign companies to sell to the State their local
   subsidiaries. The total lack of management expertise led to the
   collapse of many consumer product supply chains. 80% of consumer
   products are now missing. You can hardly find toilet paper in shops in
   Caracas.
   store-empty-shelves

   Buy one get one free – if you can.

   Looking ahead, for the countries affected by the Dutch disease, two
   solutions are possible: further spending cuts and/or selling assets.
   Spending cuts will endanger many regimes, which rested on generous
   handouts to silence the crowds. Firesale of assets are currently
   depressing global markets.
   However, they are a great opportunity for other investors to get
   involved at better prices. For instance Saudi Arabia is considering
   opening the capital of Saudi Aramco, its oil producing company, to the
   public. This move is done in a position of weakness and will imply a
   low price during depressed business conditions to tempt investors.

   Saudi Arabia’s loss can be our gain.


   Feb·19

Watch out for the new Dutch disease epidemic (1/2)

   Posted by Little Friday Storyteller

   2

   Bonjour,
   The falling oil price over the past 18 months has had the consequence
   to expose both the unpreparedness and the lack of diversification of
   many major oil producing countries. For those, oil represents the
   biggest economic sector and most of the foreign currency revenues. Some
   countries have tried to manage the oil dependency though. Dubai, for
   instance, discovered oil in 1966 but as soon as the 1970’s invested in
   new industries such as a financial hub or aviation infrastructure to
   create a tourism destination. The Emirate only derived 4% of its
   revenues in 2015 from oil exports. The then ruler, Sheikh Rashid, was
   surely wary of the Dutch disease.
   diversification investment

   Benefits of diversification

   The pandemic’s roots
   The term was coined in 1977 by The Economist to describe the decline of
   the manufacturing sector in the Netherlands after the discovery of the
   large Groningen natural gas field in 1959, the 10th largest in the
   world. In economics, it describes the apparent causal relationship
   between the rise of one sector (in our story oil production) and the
   relative or absolute fall of other sectors. The idea behind is that
   massive exports of oil create an influx of dollars in the economy,
   pushing up the value of the local currency, making other sectors
   uncompetitive globally. While for the Netherlands, the Groningen gas
   field was finally cleared of wrongdoing a few years later, for many oil
   producing countries, we can notice that the energy companies and
   affiliated (such as the petrochemical firms) dominate the economy.
   Below I have assembled the data showing how important oil is to many
   leading oil producers.
   Oil dependency

   Nobody is working two jobs

   As you can remark, these countries are very dependent on oil. They also
   have many companies linked to the oil complex. The biggest company
   listed on any Middle Eastern stock market is Saudi Arabia Basic
   Industries Corporation. SABIC is a world leading petrochemical company,
   dominating production of chemicals using crude oil as input – so much
   for diversification! In Russia, 40% of the stock market index is
   represented by oil companies. As a comparison, energy companies weight
   around 10% of US or European stock markets.
   diversification

   Diversification for dummies…

   Become a Forex trader
   Of course, as soon as crude prices fall, the inflow of US dollars
   slows. This has for consequence pressures on the domestic currency. If
   the country wants to keep a stable currency, it needs to use its
   reserves to prop it up. If it chooses to let it drop against the
   dollar, this increases domestic inflation considerably, slowing growth
   and making the population poorer. Russia spent $55bn in 2014 to keep
   the Ruble afloat – 10% of its reserves at the time. Despite this record
   amount of money put at use, the Ruble continued to fall and the Central
   Bank admitted defeat decided and let the Ruble drop. Nigeria, who had
   seen its budget revenues fall 35% in 2015 while GDP growth dropped from
   more than 6% in 2014 to 2.3% in 2015, also initially used a few
   billions to defend the local currency. However, the Naira fell 25% in
   2015 and the currency can now be traded for ⅓ less on the black market.

   A falling currency would be great for export-driven companies: they
   would be more competitive abroad. Unless your country does not have an
   export industry, that is…

   USDRUB Curncy (Russian Ruble SPO 2016-02-11 12-50-31

   Cheaper holidays anyone?

   In white, the Russian Ruble, in yellow the Nigerian Naira, in Green the
   Kazakh Tenge, in pink the Mexican Peso and in red the Brazilian Real.

   Arabian dreams
   Of course, local governments are aware of their lack of diversification
   and are trying to remedy it, using successful countries such as Dubai
   as an example. Below is a picture of the Jeddah Tower, a one kilometer
   high (!) tower under construction (currently 140m high) part of a $20bn
   redevelopment of Jeddah, one of the major economic lung of the Saudi
   kingdom. The aim was to attract new industries to diversify the
   economy. The project started in 2012, when oil prices were above
   $110bl. Will the tower will ever reach the ambitioned height?
   jeddah tower feb 2016

   My tower will be bigger than yours

   PS: two weeks ago I wrote about the jet engine’s reliability. I am
   happy to quote that the latest Rolls Royce engine, the Trent XWB,
   powering the new Airbus A350, reached a 99.84% dispatch reliability
   factor in its first year of operation, bettering the 99.65% of the
   CFM-56, powering the Beoing 737’s and Airbus A320’s families. Wow!

   Feb·12

Will Chinese Astrology make you Rich?

   Posted by Little Friday Storyteller

   0

   您好，新年快樂,
   monkey

   Year of the monkey

   There is no issue with your browser, this is hello and Happy New Year
   in Chinese.
   The New Year kicks off officially on Monday the 8th but I wanted to be
   early.

   This New Year will be that of the Monkey as you may have guessed. The
   Chinese follow a bizarrely-modified Lunar calendar by also adding one
   solar month in the equation (lunar months are only 28 days long). That
   explains why the New Year day changes every year. They have 12 animals
   symbolising the zodiacs: rat, cow, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake,
   horse,goat, monkey, chicken, dog and pig.
   People born in the years 1920, 1932, 1944, 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992,
   2004, 2016 are monkeys.

   If you do not know what sign you are, here it is*:
   chinese sign

   The animal in you

   Nostradamus
   With a new year come predictions about everything and believe it or
   not, about the markets. A good macro-analysis should incorporate a few
   economic, political, sentiment drivers. The sentiment indicators do not
   include, in general, astrological signs.

   But should we really care about the position of the moon or that of
   Uranus? What can we expect in the markets according to our Chinese
   friends?
   Well, if you believe that astrology drives returns, then 2016 could be
   an average year, according to this chart by The Economist – note though
   that 2015 was the year of the goat and it turned out OK with the US
   markets roughly flat (S&P500 down -0.7%), Europe up mid single digit
   while the Chinese stock market itself was a roller-coaster but ended up
   9% for the year.
   stock market and Chinese sign

   Monkey business

   2008 was the year of the rat and equities plunged 40%. 2011 was the
   year of the rabbit and global stocks fell that year. 2013 was an
   excellent year, with the Dow up more than 20% and yet it was the year
   of the snake! Recent years hardly seem to validate the Chinese visions.
   Maybe we need to look into more details because there must be more
   subtleties to this?
   Looking for experts, I found that Feng Shui experts could help us. What
   can they tell us then? I have selected the main inputs of Raymond Lo,
   Feng Shui expert, in his paper.

   “The Year of the Monkey, 2016, in the Hsia calendar, is symbolized by
   two elements – with Yang fire sitting on top of metal. I can expect
   2016 will be comparatively less violent than 2014 and 2015. It will be
   easier to reach agreements and treaties to resolve conflicts and
   struggles.

   Regarding the economy, fire element is often the driving force behind
   the stock market. The industries that will perform well in the year of
   the Monkey will be industries related to Fire and Water elements. Fire
   industries are energy, stock market, finance, entertainment. Water
   element is referring to transport, shipping, communication. In general,
   the Yang Fire Monkey year is symbol of optimism and flexibility and
   progress.”

   The portfolio created by Lo would be buying many of the industries that
   fell sharply over the past 2 years. Chinese Astrology in 2016 is
   contrarian.
   Contrarian Investing is an investment strategy that is characterized by
   purchasing and selling in contrast to the prevailing sentiment of the
   time.
   'When you said you're a contrarian, I just assumed you meant your
   investment style, Mr. Kobenz.'

   Contrarian at work

   Does it mean we should rely on astrology to manage our money?
   While famously John Pierpoint Morgan (the man who built JP Morgan) had
   an astrologer on staff, apparently saying that “Millionaires don’t use
   astrologers, but billionaires do.”, several studies have failed to show
   that astrology-based returns were more than random events.
   What it meant is that there is no proof that astrology adds value.

   Furthermore, in 2007, the very aptly named Professor Wiseman and The
   British Association for the Advancement of Science asked a professional
   investor, a financial astrologer and a five-year old child to invest a
   fictional £5000 on the FTSE100. The investor chose shares on the basis
   of his experience, the astrologer based her decisions on the
   ‘birthdate’ of companies and the child chose her shares randomly. The
   child lost the least amount of money and the financial astrologer made
   the largest losses.
   jp morgan

   JP Morgan and the Wiseman study

   Conclusion
   新年快樂 again.
   Astrology was not proven so far to be reliable in forecasting markets.
   However, it may have an impact on some market operators. This is
   because investors are emotional and do not always rely on facts.


   Feb·05

Forget computing, this is the real technology industry

   Posted by Little Friday Storyteller

   0

   Bonjour,

   I wanted today to describe my amazement for an industry which is coming
   up this year with a major innovation that will propel it further
   forward. You most certainly have been the beneficiary of the products
   of this industry at least once in your life and for a few of you on a
   regular basis. Let me describe it to you in a few sentences.

   This industry is an oligopoly – it is dominated by four firms
   exclusively and there are no signs of any potential entrant. Each
   product cycle lasts around 20 years and each new product requires
   billions of dollars of investment in research and development. Having a
   fortress balance sheet is therefore an imperative.
   One of the 4 players is introducing this year a brand new technology,
   which it had initially wanted to launch at the beginning of the 1990’s!
   This is a 25 years delay due to the complications the new technology
   generated. The total research and development expense was a massive
   $10bn, to be compared with profits around the $1.3bn mark, around 8
   years of those. This will represent probably a good third of total
   sales going forward so quite a commitment.
   high riser budget

   Who delivers on time and budget nowadays?

   The Nines
   The technological content of the product beggars belief. Parts are
   manufactured with atomic precision and must resist massive variation of
   temperature (from minus 70 to 1,400 degrees Celsius, pressure and
   operating speeds. Reliability is to the highest standards, one of the
   leading range of products from a French-American competitor having
   achieved a 99.65% dispatch reliability factor over the past 20 years.
   The dispatch reliability factor computes how on time the product is
   delivering on its specifications. If the product was required to be
   used continuously, a 99.65% reliability factor means it will not be
   available on time for operations only 4 hours per year or 8 seconds per
   day. Imagine your local metro/train/bus with an average daily delay of
   8 seconds.
   "Sorry, I'm late. My train was delayed."

   What low dispatch reliability means for you

   Suspense over…
   This product is the modern jet engine.
   The 4 companies are Rolls-Royce of Britain, Snecma of France and the
   Americans General Electric and Pratt & Whitney. We have become
   accustomed without noticing to the extreme reliability and
   effectiveness of jet engines. The CFM56, powering all the Boeings 737
   (the ones used by Ryanair or Southwest Airlines) and half the A320s,
   are capable of handling more than 50,000 cycles over a lifetime. That
   means they will allow 50,000 flights. Imagine you use your car everyday
   to commute to the office and also on week-ends. This is 14 trips per
   week or 728 per year. To use your car engine as much as a 737 jet
   engine, you would need to keep that driving for more than 68 years. The
   first large maintenance round for a CFM56 is usually after 12,000
   cycles. There again, it means around 16 years of car driving before the
   first service.
   Can you imagine not servicing your car for 16 years? How bad is an
   engine failure on your car? On your next flight?
   Airliner passenger sees mechanic reading book on how to repair the
   engines.

   Let’s hope he will remember how to do it again, like cycling

   Pure Power
   Pratt & Whitney is introducing this year its new type of civil jet
   engine range called Pure Power. It is based on a novel design called
   the Geared Turbofan (GTF) . If you want to know more about the new
   engine, you could try a few Internet links such as here or here. This
   engine was originally meant to power the then-brand new Airbus A340,
   which launched late in 1993 because it had to find an alternative (they
   used the CFM56 if you want to know but the plane still flopped as it
   was under-powered despite all the great attributes of the CFMs).  The
   GTF advertised goals are to reduce noise by 50% and fuel burn by 15%.
   The first noises I managed to hear about the second goal is that it
   will exceed this target by 2-3pp and even 4-5pp by 2020, when
   performance improvement packages are delivered.
   Ge95962

   Of course, this is not the way to get the most out of your engine

   Conclusion
   I hope, for your next journey by airplane, that you will be able to
   also marvel at the amount of human knowledge that has gone into
   producing the engine powering the aircraft taking you to the next
   destination. In its infancy, air travel was reserved to the favoured
   classes but thanks to these motorists, and soon the Pure Power, the
   world will continue to become smaller.

   Jan·29

Solar Power: a New Hope

   Posted by Little Friday Storyteller

   2

   Bonjour,

   In this last part of our series, we will talk about why we should
   rejoice and pay attention. For this installment, I have interviewed my
   friend François Sonnet, a founding member of the Solar Change network,
   but first and foremost one of the pioneer of solar power in Europe.

   The Swanson Law
   The cost of solar panels has dropped considerably over the past 40
   years. In 1977, the price of a solar panel was around $77 per watt.
   Francois tells me that in 2007, at the last peak of the solar industry,
   the price was still $3.5/w, still a 95% drop. However, a supply glut
   after the Great Recession has meant that panel prices dropped to
   $0.50/w in 2015, another 86% decline. In the past 38 years, prices have
   declined by a massive 99.4%! If you are familiar with the Moore Law for
   computers, the Swanson Law, from the name of the founder of SunPower
   Corporation, states that the price of solar panels tends to drop 20
   percent for every doubling of cumulative shipped volume. Between 2015
   and 2007, new capacity installed has grown by a factor of 25x!
   francoit sonnet solar panel 2

   What a solar pioneer look like today

   Soft costs
   However, panel costs are only part of the equation. François explains
   to me the concept of soft costs: they are things like the cost of
   obtaining permits, the installer fees, legal costs…He tells me the
   anecdote of a solar project in Romania, where he has to employ security
   guards to protect the grounds of the solar farm: “one soft cost I did
   not put in my initial spreadsheet”!

   In 2014, globally, an installed solar system cost $2.16/w. Progress is
   urgently needed on that front to help lower solar power costs. The bad
   news is that soft costs have generally held flat over the past decade,
   therefore growing in importance and now representing more than 2/3 of
   total installed costs!
   The good news is that governments are working hard to lower soft costs.
   See for instance the US Department of Energy, creating a $10m prize for
   whoever comes up with a way to significantly quicken the installation
   of a solar power system.
   The CEO of First Solar, a US solar system manufacturer, believes we
   will achieve a total installed cost of $1/w in 2017 for large solar
   farms, hereby implying that soft costs are being worked on. “We think
   2017 could be conservative”, smiles François.
   Of course cutting back on this level of bureaucracy will require a lot
   of work... We'll need LOTS more staff... And personnel will need extra
   support with recruitment.

   Enlightened bureaucrats

   It is all about money
   Why does this matter? We need to look at the concept of levelized cost
   of electricity (LCOE). Think of it as the minimum price of electricity
   needed to break-even on your power generation system. The next set of
   data are the LCOE for major fuel types in 2014.
   LCOE globally by fuels

   LCOE in 2014

   If First Solar CEO is right, then the LCOE of the best solar farms will
   drop below the level of natural gas power stations in the next two
   years. That implies that solar power will need no more tax credits or
   subsidies to be competitive. In the UK, the retail price of electricity
   is around USD200MWh. There again, you can see that it will soon be
   profitable for households to generate their own energy and remain
   autonomous.

   I have some battery left
   One aspect of solar panel which is exciting is the progress in battery
   technologies. The main drawback of solar power is that electricity
   production is variable and peaks around noon, when electricity demand
   (and therefore price) is not the highest of the day. Being able to
   generate power and store it until better prices can be achieved and/or
   storing it for personal use in outside of working hours make real
   sense. Fortunately, batteries are improving but along different
   directions. Tesla, in the US, is betting on economies of scale to lower
   battery costs fast, Bolloré in France is banking on a new
   lithium-polymer technology while China’s BYD is pushing its own
   technology of lithium-iron batteries which are better suited for power
   storage.
   turtle solar

   With new lighter batteries, anything is possible

   Smarter grids
   One of the main criticism of renewable energy on a power network is its
   variability. The system must absorb large amount of electricity
   production and be robust enough to fill the gap with power from other
   sources when the sunshine wears out. In summer, Germany can generate
   90% of its electricity from solar sources at peak times. Widespread
   thinking about power networks is that such systems can cope easily with
   up to 20% of variable energy sources such as solar but
   faces Armageddon above that level.
   However, new research shows that a level of 40% could be manageable and
   increase power prices by around 10% only. This is because of the
   integration of weather models and smarter grids. They allow power
   system operators to smooth energy demand at peak times and for
   instance reduce voltage or shut down remotely power hungry equipment
   and mills.
   Smart-grid

   How smart grids work

   Politicians finally useful
   Last but not least, politicians are pushing in the green direction. In
   China, there are talks about raising the 2020 installed solar capacity
   of 100GW to 150GW, from the current ~50GW. 150 GW is the total power
   capacity of France. India has only 5GW of currently installed capacity
   but has set aside the Thar Desert for solar projects. At 320,000 square
   kilometers, it is the size of Norway. In the US, tax credits for solar
   energy, which were due to expire in 2015 were renewed until 2019 at
   least.
   Thar_desert_Rajasthan_India

   Finding Wally in the Thar Desert

   Conclusion
   Within a couple of years, solar power costs will have halved to the
   level of fossil fuel rivals and batteries will be cheaper and better.
   It opens a new era where clean power is becoming a reality.

   Jan·22

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

About

   Little Friday Storyteller

Little Friday Storyteller

   Hello, I am an investment professional and passionate writer about any
   topics dealing with current news. My blog was born at a previous
   finance firm, where I was writing a weekly email to my fellow colleague
   to educate them on financial topics. As I was sending it on Fridays, I
   wanted something light-hearted and as more and more colleagues
   requested to be on the list, I just thought I would share it with more
   people via a blog. My aim is to get people who are not familiar with
   finance-driven news to be able able to grasp the current issues through
   a relaxed and short story. Do not hesitate to comment or "order" some
   topics. I look forward to exchanging with you.

   View Full Profile →

Follow Blog via Email

   Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications
   of new posts by email.

   Join 127 other followers

   ____________________

   (BUTTON) Follow

Past stories

   Past stories [Select Month_______]

Hot new Stories

     * Would a businessman run your country better? (2/2)
     * Will businessmen run your country better? (1/2)
     * Watch out for the new Dutch disease epidemic (2/2)
     * Watch out for the new Dutch disease epidemic (1/2)
     * Will Chinese Astrology make you Rich?

   Advertisements

   Follow a little Friday Story on WordPress.com

Top Posts & Pages

     * Watch out for the new Dutch disease epidemic (2/2)

Subscribe to the RSS feed

     * RSS - Posts

   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

   a little Friday Story
   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   Cancel Reblog Post

   Close and accept Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By
   continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
   To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie
   Policy
   This is an OpenID server

