   #Ogury » Feed Ogury » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TPHRRHG

   Ogury
     * Mobile Journey Marketing
     * Ogury MJM Cloud
          + Consent Manager
          + Mobile Journey Data
          + Active Insights
          + User Engagement
          + Intelligent Monetization
     * Solutions
          + Brands
          + Publishers
     * Perspectives
          + Blog
          + Research & Insights
          + GDPR
     * Company
          + Our Story
          + Values
          + Leadership
          + Careers
          + Events
          + Investors
          + News Room
     * Contact Us

   GO TO CLOUD
   EN
   EN
   DE

   Coming soon
   Ogury
   Privacy
   Policy
   "T&Cs" for all Ogury Publishers Cookie Policy Privacy Policy FAQ's

Ogury Product Privacy Statement

   Last updated: 17 April 2019

   Ogury Limited (“Ogury”, “we” or “us”) cares about its users’ privacy
   and is committed to clearly describing and disclosing its data
   practices.

Welcome to Ogury

   Ogury is a mobile advertising technology company. We develop and
   maintain software code that mobile app publishers and developers
   ("Publishers") integrate into their apps ("Apps") to show ads which are
   placed by advertisers and advertising agencies (together “Partner(s)”).
   Ogury’s suite of solutions for Publishers include Active Insights and
   Intelligent Monetization – in this Privacy Statement, we call these
   solutions the “Ogury Product”.

   Once the Ogury Product has been integrated into an App, after receiving
   user consent, Ogury collects certain data ("User Data") relating to the
   user of the tablet, mobile or handheld device (“Device”) on which the
   App is installed. The User Data we collect is described in this Privacy
   Statement (see the heading "What is User Data?"), and we only collect
   User Data with consent from the relevant Device user. Your consent
   applies across to all Apps you have installed (or may in future
   install) that contain Ogury’s technology.

   This Ogury Product Privacy Statement explains how Ogury collects,
   stores, uses, and shares User Data (including personal information)
   from users who have installed Apps on their Devices.

   For details of how the advertisement mediation services forming part of
   the Ogury Intelligent Monetization product (operated by Purple Brain
   SAS, an affiliate of Ogury Ltd, formerly trading as Adincube) will
   collect, store, use, and share data about you in connection with its ad
   mediation services please visit its separate Privacy Notice available
   here.

What Is User Data?

   Through the Ogury Product integrated into Apps, Ogury collects User
   Data, however, we do this only where Users have consented to this
   collection. The User Data we collect comprises the following categories
   of information:

   Usage Data

   We collect data about how Users use their Devices, together with the
   applications and systems on those Devices – this information includes:

   What websites Users have bookmarked in their mobile browser.

   Which websites Users have visited.

   What applications are installed on the Users’ Device.

   Users’ usage levels of these applications.

   The Usage Data collected by the Ogury Product is not limited to Usage
   Data that directly relates to the App in which the Ogury Product is
   integrated. Rather, the Ogury Product collects Usage Data from all
   applications and systems on the Device on which an App is installed.

   Technical Information

   We collect technical Information relating to Users' Devices, that
   includes:

   The type of Device being used (including manufacturer and model).

   The version number of the Ogury Product used by the App.

   A User’s network status (limited to connection type; gsm, 3G, 4G/wifi
   etc).

   Identifiers

   Ogury links the Usage Data and Technical Information it collects listed
   above to certain device and user identifiers it collects from Users and
   their Devices, which include:

   the User's email address & other mobile advertising identifiers on the
   Device (Ogury collects this information only where a User’s Device
   allows it through the Publisher Apps in order to derive insights such
   as gender and then we delete or anonymise the email addresses after 3
   days).

   your Device’s unique Advertising ID, such as Google AAID or Apple IDFA.

   IP Address.

   All User Data we collect is associated with these Identifiers.

   Ad engagement information

   To enable Ogury and its Partners to provide more personalised Ogury ads
   to Users (as described in the "How is User Data used?" section below)
   and to report ad engagement metrics back to our Partners, we collect
   information on how Users engage with Ogury ads that are displayed to
   them, including:

   What each Ogury Ad is about.

   The format of each Ogury Ad (e.g., text, image, or video).

   Where the Ogury Ad is displayed within the App.

   User interaction with the Ad (for example, clicks and how long the Ad
   was displayed for).

   In addition, we combine this Ad Engagement Information with Usage Data
   collected about Users to determine what Users do when interacting with
   or after viewing each Ogury Ad – for example, to identify whether a
   User proceeded to buy the product or services that were displayed to
   them in an Ogury Ad.

   Crash reporting information

   To enable Ogury and its Partners to help to improve the Ogury Product
   and resolve technical problems, we collect information in cases where
   the App has crashed, including: date and time of the crash, Advertising
   ID, API key, app package name and version, phone model, phone android
   version and a crash message.

   Other information

   User Data includes any other information (including personal data) that
   may be submitted to us directly (for example, through a User submitted
   form or survey response).

   Our policy towards children

   In accordance with applicable European Union guidance on the practice,
   we do not knowingly collect User Data from children or use any User
   Data to target adverts to children. Accordingly, we do not collect or
   use User Data to target Ogury ads to children under 16 years old. If
   you believe we have inadvertently collected User Data from or about a
   child, please contact us using the details provided under the heading
   "Contact Us" below.

How is User Data used?

   In simple terms – User Data is used by Ogury and its Partners to select
   and serve to Users adverts for products and services they actually want
   to see based on how they use their Device.

   Adverts of this nature are commonly referred to as “interest-based
   advertisements” or “behavioural advertising”. For more information on
   interest-based advertising, how it works, and information on choices
   about how Users can interact with it, Users can go to
   http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/. This is a helpful guide made
   available by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance a
   cross-industry coalition of European-level associations with an
   interest in delivering a responsible European Self-Regulatory Programme
   for Online Behavioural Advertising, which benefits internet users with
   greater transparency, choice and control.

   Collecting User Data also allows us to effectively cap the number of
   times that Users see an Ogury Ad, so they do not see the same one too
   many times or too frequently.

   We may also use User Data to create aggregated compilations of Users
   which are “deidentified” for the purposes of reporting to Partners; in
   a manner which prevents that User Data from being associated with, or
   capable of being associated with, any particular Device, Partner or App
   (“Aggregated Data”).

   In addition, Ogury also uses User Data for its internal purposes which
   may include:

   performing analysis and research aimed at improving the Ogury Product
   and the services and products Ogury provides to its Partners; and

   ensuring we get paid properly by advertisers for the Ogury ads we
   deliver, and that we pay Publishers properly for the Ogury ads
   displayed in their Apps; and

   security and fraud detection (e.g. protecting against click-fraud and
   similar unlawful activities).

Our approach to consent

   We respect your right to privacy. That's why we ask Users to give their
   consent before Ogury starts to collect any User Data from them. In
   addition, Users may opt-out of such collection at any time by following
   the instructions outlined at the section titled “Opting Out of Ogury
   Interestbased Advertising”.

   Accordingly, when Users use a version of an App which contains the
   Ogury Product, a page is displayed which notifies them that, with their
   consent, certain User Data will be collected by the Ogury Product
   unless and until they subsequently opt-out from such collection. So
   that Users are fully and properly informed about our data usage
   practices and how their User Data is collected, stored, used and
   shared, they are also provided with a link to this Privacy Statement.

   If Users do not give consent, Ogury will not collect their User Data
   and will not deliver them targeted Ogury ads. However, Users will still
   see advertisements in their App, but the advertisements they see will
   not be tailored to them based on their User Data. We also keep records
   of the Advertising ID to allow us to identify which Users have opted
   out.

   Ogury is a member of the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework and we
   may share your consent preferences with other IAB approved members in
   order to meet transparency and user choice requirements. The full
   vendor list is available here:
   http://advertisingconsent.eu/vendor-list/

Opting Out of Ogury Interest-based Ads

   Users can opt out of receiving targeted Ogury ads (and from having
   their User Data collected by Ogury) and request the deletion of their
   User Data by following the below link and entering their Google
   Advertising ID (AAID) or Apple advertising ID (IDFA) in the resulting
   form: https://consent.ogury.co.

   When Users notify us of their desire to opt-out of receiving
   interest-based Ogury ads, we will promptly stop collecting their User
   Data. If they opt-out, Users will still see advertisements in their
   App, but the advertisements they see will not be tailored to them based
   on their User Data.

   In addition, we will promptly anonymise or delete from our systems any
   User Data that we have already collected.

   In addition to the opt-out process described above, if their Device
   permits, Users may be able to opt out of interest based advertising by
   changing the settings of their Device as follows:

   Google Advertising ID (AAID)

   You can change your Google Advertising ID settings by following these
   instructions: open Settings on your Device and go to Google > Ads > Opt
   out of Ads Personalisation. Users should be aware that clicking this
   opt-out button will disable interest based ads from all advertising
   networks that use Google Advertising IDs, although Users will still see
   untargeted advertisements.

   Apple iOS Advertising ID (IDFA)

   You can change your Apple Advertising ID settings by following these
   instructions: open Settings on your device and go to Privacy >
   Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking. Users should be aware that clicking
   this opt-out button will disable personalised ads from all advertising
   networks that use Apple Advertising IDs, although Users will still see
   untargeted advertisements.

How Ogury shares User Data

   We share the User Data that we collect in the following ways and with
   the following parties below. You can also view our current list of
   partners with whom we may share some User Data here.

   Publishers and advertiser

   We may share User Data with our Partners to aid in their understanding
   of how Users are using Apps and engaging with Ogury ads.

   Aggregated data

   We may share or sell compilations of Aggregated Data or Aggregated
   pseudonymous data with Partners and third parties, where we are
   lawfully entitled to do so.

   Service Providers

   We may share User Data with the service providers who perform services
   on our behalf, such as providers of analytics, payment processing,
   product fulfilment, technical infrastructure, data services,
   engineering and other technical support, and email and customer
   support.

   Business transactions

   We may share User Data in connection with any merger, reorganisation, a
   sale of some or all Ogury assets, or a financing or acquisition of all
   or a portion of our business by another company. In these
   circumstances, Ogury will instruct the parties with whom User Data is
   shared to protect the User Data they receive in accordance with this
   Privacy Statement.

   Legal purposes

   We may share User Data for the following purposes:

   To comply with laws or to allow us to enforce the terms of this Privacy
   Statement.

   To respond to lawful requests and legal processes.

   To protect the rights and property of Ogury, our agents, customers, and
   others.

   To protect the safety of our employees and agents, our Partners or any
   other person.

   Ogury affiliates

   We may share User Data with other companies within the Ogury group of
   companies, and require these Ogury companies only to process the User
   Data for the purposes described in (and subject to the protections
   described in) this Privacy Statement.

   Data Management Platforms

   We may share or sell User Data to data management platforms that are
   used by participants in the advertising industry as sources of data
   (“Data Management Platforms”). The User Data we may share or sell may
   include any or all of the User Data outlined above.

   Data Management Platforms use the data Ogury and many other
   participants in the advertising industry, sell to them to inform
   advertising targeting and the purchase of advertising space.

Your data protection rights

   You have the following data protection rights:

   If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your User
   Data, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact
   details provided under the “Contact Us” heading below.

   You can also object to processing of your User Data, ask us to restrict
   processing of your User Data or request portability of your User Data.
   Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact
   details provided under the “Contact Us” heading below.

   Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information
   with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
   Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any
   processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect
   processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful
   processing grounds other than consent. To opt-out of interest-based
   advertising based on your User Data, please see the heading "Opting Out
   of Ogury Interest-based Ads" above.

   You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our
   collection and use of your personal information. For more information,
   please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details
   for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area,
   Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and
   Canada) are available here.)

   We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to
   exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable
   data protection laws.

General

   International Data Transfer

   User Data, including any personal data therein, may be transferred to,
   stored at and processed by third parties in a country outside the EEA.

   Users should be aware that the data protection and privacy regulations
   that apply in countries outside the EEA may not offer the same level of
   protection as provided for inside the EEA.

   When we transfer User Data outside of the European Economic Area, we
   will ensure that there are appropriate safeguards in place for the User
   Data by:

   transferring the User Data to countries which have been deemed to
   provide an adequate level of protection by the European Commission; or

   implementing other appropriate safeguards, such as: (i) the Standard
   Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission for transfers of
   personal information outside of the EEA, which are available on the
   European Commission's website here:
   https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-
   outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en;
   and (ii) transferring User Data to recipients in the United States of
   America who have certified their compliance with the EU-US Privacy
   Shield administered by the US Department of Commerce.

   If you have any questions about our international transfers of User
   Data, please contact us using the contact details provided below.

   Data security

   We seek to use appropriate organisational, technical and administrative
   measures to protect User Data within our organisation. Unfortunately,
   no transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be completely
   secure, and transmission of information via the internet is not
   completely secure. If a User has any reason to believe that their
   interaction with us is no longer secure, they should notify us of this
   problem immediately by contacting us at privacy@ogury.co

   Data retention

   We retain User Data we collect from you where we have your consent to
   do so. If you withdraw your consent, we will either delete or anonymise
   your User Data. Our retention period for User Data is 3 years, after
   this 3-year period all data is automatically deleted.

   Customer support

   If, while using one of our Apps, a User recognises a problem with an
   Ogury Ad, they can notify us of the problem by contacting us via email
   at privacy@ogury.co. We will ask for their email address and other
   contact information so that they can receive a response.

   Third party websites

   If Users follow a link to any of third party websites via an Ogury Ad,
   please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and
   that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these
   policies. The links to third party websites or locations are for
   convenience only and do not signify our endorsement of such third
   parties or their products, content, or websites. Ogury does not control
   the privacy policies of third parties.

   Legal basis for processing personal information

   In general, we collect, use and share the personal information
   contained in User Data where we have your consent to do so and you can
   withdraw consent at any time, as explained above under the headings
   "Our approach to consent" and "Opting Out of Ogury Interest-based Ads".

   Updates to this Privacy Statement

   We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to
   changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our
   Privacy Statement, we will take appropriate measures to inform you,
   consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain
   your consent to any material Privacy Statement changes if and where
   this is required by applicable data protection laws.

   You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking
   the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Statement.

   Contact us

   If you have any questions or concerns regarding our data usage
   practices or this Privacy Statement, please send us a message at
   DPO@ogury.co. Our data protection officer can also be contacted at this
   e-mail address.

   The data controller of any personal information contained within User
   Data is Ogury Limited, whose address is 24 Highbury Grove, London, N5
   2EA.

   Ogury logo

Footer

     * FAQ
     * Terms and Conditions
     * Data Collection Opt-Out
     * Edit my privacy settings
     * Blog
     * Contact

   Membership

   Awards
   Privacy Policy
   Copyright © 2019 Ogury Ltd
   This site uses cookies: Find out more. (BUTTON) Okay, thank you
   #Ogury » Feed Ogury » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TPHRRHG

   Ogury
     * Mobile Journey Marketing
     * Ogury MJM Cloud
          + Consent Manager
          + Mobile Journey Data
          + Active Insights
          + User Engagement
          + Intelligent Monetization
     * Solutions
          + Brands
          + Publishers
     * Perspectives
          + Blog
          + Research & Insights
          + GDPR
     * Company
          + Our Story
          + Values
          + Leadership
          + Careers
          + Events
          + Investors
          + News Room
     * Contact Us

   GO TO CLOUD
   EN
   EN
   DE

   Coming soon
   Ogury

   IFRAME: https://player.vimeo.com/video/315847835

Download our introduction to Mobile Journey Marketing and Ogury's MJM
Solutions

A demo is better than a long speech

Thank you!

Download Ralph Lauren Success Story

Download Epson Success Story

Download Tod's Success Story

Download IsCool Success Story

Download AppChocolate Success Story

Download Zedge Success Story

Download Smart Lamas Success Story

Download Paramount Success Story

Download Audiomack Success Story

Download American Lung Association Success Story

Download Yoox Success Story

Download Bose Success Story

Download Sony Success Story

Mobile
Journey
Marketing

   See beyond the data within your own apps and websites.

   Discover precious insights you can activate at scale.

   Learn more about MJM
   (BUTTON) Book a demo (BUTTON)
   Start here
   Start here
   Webinar on-demand
   Quality Consented Data Builds Quality Relationships
   Webinar on-demand
   3 Conclusions From 287,000 Opinions on Mobile...
   The Reality Report 2019
   Discover what 287,000 people think about...
   Webinar on-demand
   The real reason your mobile programmatic...
   Video
   Ogury Data series: In the pocket of the decision...
   Event
   Ogury Journey To Cannes
   eBook
   App Insights: Uncovered (Q2 2019)
   Blog
   4 Tips to Boost Sales During Back-to-School...
   Press Coverage
   Ogury's survey of over 287,571 global consumers,...
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)

What are your users doing on their mobile devices outside of your own apps or
websites?

   Knowing the answer to that question opens up a whole new world of
   opportunities.

   "Through partnering with Ogury, we are able to discover unique insights
   about our users' behavior across mobile apps and websites. Due to
   Ogury’s ability to reveal the entire mobile user journey, we achieved
   our objective of driving continued quality brand awareness for Ralph
   Lauren."

   Alicia Castellana

   Digital Media Senior Manager EMEA, Ralph Lauren

Mobile
Journey
Marketing

   Mobile Journey Marketing (MJM) is the only marketing discipline that
   enables you to understand the mobile user journey across other brands,
   apps and websites, and market across it. Enabling organizations to
   engage with new and existing users effectively, and increase revenue
   generation from mobile assets.
   Discover more about Mobile Journey Marketing

Ogury MJM Cloud

   Built from the ground up on consented first-party mobile journey data,
   and powered by purpose-built AI technology, Ogury MJM Cloud enables
   organizations of all sizes to:

   Eliminate blind spots and understand the broader mobile user journey.

   Inform mobile strategy with precious insights on audience behaviour,
   and competitive dynamics.

   Activate those insights, to deliver unprecedented levels of user
   engagement and revenue from mobile assets.

Fully integrated, in one place.

   Solutions for

Brands

   See how

   Solutions for

Publishers

   See how

400m+

GDPR compliant

The mobile journey data gap, closed.

   Ogury’s unique Mobile Journey Data, comprised of 400M+ GDPR compliant
   user profiles, maps the mobile journey: apps downloaded, apps deleted,
   usage of apps, websites browsed. It closes the mobile journey data gap.
   Learn more about Ogury MJM Cloud

Simplicity through integration, achieved

   By integrating consent, data, insights and activation solutions in one
   place, Ogury enables brands and publishers to remove the complexity and
   time wasted operating multiple siloed technologies.

   IFRAME: https://player.vimeo.com/video/312943855

Data transparency, and control to consumers, sorted.

   Believing from the start that user choice and transparency is the
   future of marketing, and consumers should have full control over their
   personal data, Ogury is fully GDPR compliant by design.
   Learn more about Ogury and GDPR

Business results in a mobile world.

   “Through partnering with Ogury, we are able to discover unique insights
   about our users' behavior across mobile apps and websites. Due to
   Ogury’s ability to reveal the entire mobile user journey, we achieve
   our objective of driving continued quality brand awareness of Ralph
   Lauren.”

   Alicia Castellana

   Digital Media Senior Manager EMEA, Ralph Lauren
   Download Ralph Lauren Success Story

   “Ogury provide us with a granular level of data and transparency that
   allow us to really understand the behavior of the Epson audience. Their
   unique data and behavioral approach, is why they are valued partner
   across all Epson activity and the wider agency.”

   James Duffy

   Head of Digital, TotalMedia for Epson
   Download Epson Success Story

   “Tod’s has significantly increased its volume of investment with Ogury
   thanks to the extremely positive results achieved with our campaigns.
   The most impressive aspect has been the record number of landings from
   new users, and the significant boost in qualified traffic to our
   website. Ogury has become an essential partner for us.”

   Francesca Cosentino

   Digital Media Manager, Tod's
   Download Tod's Success Story

   “Working with Ogury has revolutionized how we monetize our ads. We
   thought we were doing well before, but the results we’ve had using
   Ogury Intelligent Monetization have been well beyond our expectations.”

   Hadrien des Rotours

   CEO, IsCool Entertainment
   Download IsCool Success Story

   “Working with Ogury has both streamlined and massively boosted the
   effectiveness of our monetization. Their dashboard is easy to use, and
   both the technical and commercial support teams have been very
   responsive. With the increase in eCPM and fill rates, Ogury Intelligent
   Monetization has taken away the frustrations of optimizing our revenue,
   quickly becoming an essential part of our operations.”

   Emmanuel Carraud

   CEO, AppChocolate
   Download AppChocolate Success Story

   “For almost 2 years, Ogury has been a solid brand marketing partner for
   Zedge. Our Users have high adoption of Ogury's consent notice, and we
   continue to watch performance grow. In a crowded market, Ogury has a
   unique product offering generating true top-line incremental revenue
   for Zedge.”

   Dee Ann Belsky

   Sr. Director, Ad Ops & Analytics, Zedge
   Download Zedge Success Story

   “Partnering with Ogury has enabled us to grow performance and provide
   our users with control over their data. With the subsequent increase in
   revenue, Ogury Intelligent Monetization has become an essential part of
   our operations.”

   Dave Macli

   Founder, Audiomack
   Download Audiomack Success Story

   “Ogury Intelligent Monetization allowed us to increase our ad revenue
   by more than 64%, which has helped us to open operations in new
   countries. The integration of the SDK was simple, and the Ogury team
   has been extremely helpful, supporting us along the entire integration
   process, which is something we loved! After seeing success with one app
   with Ogury, we decided to move all of our apps to Intelligent
   Monetization. As a publisher, simplicity and revenue optimization are
   key for growth and success and Ogury is best in class.”

   Ben Tessier

   Founder & CEO, Spotafriend
   Download Smart Lamas Success Story

   “Ogury has delivered a comprehensive understanding of our mobile
   audience as well as excellent campaign results. The MJM approach and
   Ogury’s ability to reveal the affinities of our ideal target consumers
   has resulted in outstanding engagement with our creative, as well as
   uncovered a new generation of Mission: Impossible fans. Mission
   accomplished.”

   Mathieu Rampant

   Digital Strategy Manager, Paramount
   Download Paramount Success Story

   “Consumers are using their phones more than ever before, so it’s
   imperative to reach them where they are. Ogury’s support of the Saved
   By The Scan campaign did just that, raising awareness for Lung Cancer
   screening and driving the most Risk Assessment quiz completions we’ve
   seen to date.”

   Mikaela James

   Assistant Media Manager, The Ad Council
   Download American Lung Association Success Story

   “Thanks to Ogury’s unparalleled access to the behavioral analysis of
   our existing and future customers, results of our campaigns have
   outstripped our expectations. The continual and granular optimization
   of campaigns, and unmatched results, have made Ogury an indispensable
   partner for us both in Italy and international markets.”

   Giulia Chantal Lisot

   Global Advertising Manager, Yoox Net-a-Porter Group
   Download Yoox Success Story

   “Ogury’s Active Insights has enabled us to filter through the noise and
   uncover the passion points of our ideal users. The MJM methodology has
   empowered us to identify those consumers who would most benefit from
   Sleepbuds, with the subsequent campaigns producing outstanding
   results.”

   Jorma Kremser

   Global Media Manager, Bose Corporation
   Download Bose Success Story

   “Ogury’s deep knowledge of user churn and User Engagement solution have
   enabled us to uncover qualified audiences that we had previously not
   identified. Campaign results have been outstanding, and the insights
   generated have been applied across our mobile strategy. We trust that
   Ogury will deliver strong performance for us, and the service level we
   receive from the team confirms that we are in reliable hands.”

   Sebastien Bardin

   Head of Digital & Media Strategy, Sony Mobile
   Download Sony Success Story

Interested to learn more?

   Mobile is moving fast, so should you. Join 900+ brands and 3,500+
   publishers who already trust Ogury.
   Schedule a demo today

   Ogury logo

Footer

     * FAQ
     * Terms and Conditions
     * Data Collection Opt-Out
     * Edit my privacy settings
     * Blog
     * Contact

   Membership

   Awards
   Privacy Policy
   Copyright © 2019 Ogury Ltd

   This site uses cookies: Find out more. (BUTTON) Okay, thank you
   #Ogury » Feed Ogury » Comments Feed 4 Tips to Boost Sales During
   Back-to-School Season Here’s What You Didn’t Know About Walmart’s Rise
   to App Dominance alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TPHRRHG

   Ogury
     * Mobile Journey Marketing
     * Ogury MJM Cloud
          + Consent Manager
          + Mobile Journey Data
          + Active Insights
          + User Engagement
          + Intelligent Monetization
     * Solutions
          + Brands
          + Publishers
     * Perspectives
          + Blog
          + Research & Insights
          + GDPR
     * Company
          + Our Story
          + Values
          + Leadership
          + Careers
          + Events
          + Investors
          + News Room
     * Contact Us

   GO TO CLOUD
   EN
   EN
   DE

   Coming soon
   Ogury
   < Back to Blog

A concerning discovery from the minds of 287,000 mobile consumers, on GDPR’s
1st birthday

   Jun 07, 2019

   Luke Geoghegan

   Seems like just yesterday GDPR came into effect. Marking a historic new
   chapter.

   Consumer data, mishandled for decades, can no longer be used without
   the user’s consent.

   Finally!

   An end to appalling displays of data abuse and rogue marketing. An end
   to consumer mistrust.

   What a difference a year makes.

   Or does it? How do consumers really feel since GDPR came in to effect?

   We had to find out. So we conducted some extensive research.

   Not the type that consists of 2,000 – 10,000 survey respondents. That’s
   not enough to grasp the reality of the situation.

   We asked 287,000 consumers, from six countries, their opinions towards
   data, privacy, mobile marketing, and advertising. Making it the largest
   piece of research of its kind ever conducted.

   The results are in, and they make for wide-eyed reading.
   The Reality Report: Consumer Attitudes Towards Mobile Marketing 2019,
   will be available for you to download free from July 9th. But before we
   release it in its entirety, we wanted to share some alarming GDPR
   related snippets.

Consumers Are Still In The Dark Over Their Data

   One year on from GDPR, despite the publicity, and best efforts of
   organizations and lawmakers, only 8% of consumers feel they now have a
   better understanding of how their data is used by the companies who
   collect it. 8%!? That’s low.

   Digging deeper, results show that over one half of consumers feel they
   have no better understanding of how their data is being used since GDPR
   was introduced. And over a third don’t even know what GDPR is.

   Ouch.

   No legislation is perfect. But such a dramatic disconnect between the
   policy and the people is disappointing news for lawmakers.

   For marketers, it’s a wake-up call.

   One year in, the grace period is over. GDPR sanctions will fall. And
   fines will become more frequent. Organizations have a responsibility to
   inform users about how their data will be used. Not only to avoid
   financial implications, but also to build consumer trust, and help
   demonstrate the mutual value-exchange that comes with sharing data.

   As is stands today, however, consumers are not getting it. Why?

GDPR has not been taken seriously enough

   Based on what we’ve seen so far, most would say that’s true.

   But organizations can hardly be accused of sleeping on the job. Since
   GDPR came into effect, job listings for data Protection Officers (DPOs)
   have shot up by 700% as companies gear up for compliance. In the USA
   and UK alone, an estimated $9bn has been spent on GDPR preparation.

   $9bn is a serious amount of money. And if you’re reading this, chances
   are you or your company have put in a lot of effort into adopting
   practices and processes to become compliant.

   Lack of consumer understanding, therefore, is not entirely caused by
   the fact that GDPR hasn’t being taken seriously enough. It’s that
   organizations time and money has been mainly spent on internal changes.

   That’s all absolutely required. But consumer clarity requires external
   focus.

   And that begins with consent notices. The first line of communication.

   It’s this – vital interaction – that hasn’t been taken seriously
   enough.

   Results from our research prove it…

78% of consumers do not read consent notices

   Alarming indeed. But hardly surprising when the average amount of time
   it takes to read one is 18 minutes.

   Packed with obscure legalese and sprawling clauses, the majority of
   consent notices are too long and too opaque. They’re not accessible to
   the average reader. They don’t help consumers understand how
   organizations use their data. In fact – they’re failing to inform the
   very people they are designed to protect.

   Consent notices should use plain language, that’s easy to understand,
   quick to consume, and published in plain sight. Empowering users with
   clarity, to make an informed choice.

   But currently, that’s not the case.

   As long as it remains this way, organizations will never earn consumer
   trust. And that is bad for the internet, and bad for business.

   In a post-Cambridge Analytica world, where guards are up and consumers
   don’t know how their data is being used, trust is a competitive
   advantage. It’s a route to sustainable business growth.

   As an industry, it’s time to stand up and take note of what our
   consumers have told us.

   And they’ve told us a lot – all 287,000 of them – in The Reality
   Report: Consumer Attitudes To Mobile Marketing 2019.

   It’s available for free from July 9th. Send us your details below and
   we’ll ensure you’re one of the first to receive it.
   GET YOUR FREE COPY NOW

   Max Pepe, VP Marketing

Related posts

   Sep 19, 2019

Conclusions from Cologne: Post DMEXCO Q&A with mobile expert Jan Heumueller,
MD DACH

   Sep 19, 2019

Humans of Ogury: A Q&A with Marketing Manager, Charity Renfro

   Aug 21, 2019

Navigate Your Traveler’s Journey Using Mobile Data

   Ogury logo

Footer

     * FAQ
     * Terms and Conditions
     * Data Collection Opt-Out
     * Edit my privacy settings
     * Blog
     * Contact

   Membership

   Awards
   Privacy Policy
   Copyright © 2019 Ogury Ltd

   This site uses cookies: Find out more. (BUTTON) Okay, thank you
