   #publisher

   [150shimblue.jpg] [150shim.jpg] [150shim.jpg] [1x1shim.jpg]
   [150shim.jpg] [150shim.jpg] [150shim.jpg]


   [INS: :INS]

   SUBJECTS

   Even More Projects
   Will's Paper Castle Kits
   Fantasy Swords
   Medieval Swords
   Fantasy
   Dioramas
   Terrariums
   Make Video Games
   Astronomy-Telescopes
   Art & Drawing
   For Writers
   For Webmasters
   The Meaning of Life Classical Guitar
   Model Rockets
   RC Airplanes
   Fantasy Art School Will's Paper Games
   Origami
   Weapons & Armor

   Projects that Shoot

   Craft Foam Knight's Armor

   Mead Making
   Blacksmithing
   Bonsai
   BeeKeeping Telescopes
   Paper Projects
   Halloween Projects
   Christmas Projects
   Paper Making
   Tatebanko Paper Dioramas
   Stamp Collecting
   Stop Motion Animation
   Leathercrafting

   Dungeon making projects

   For Writers

   Science Project Ideas

   Free Medieval ClipArt and Textures

   rojects

   My big list of projects you can make is here

   The Big List of Cheap Hobbies

   Downloadable Projects here

   Will's Medieval weapon and Armor Projects

   How to Make a....

   Skyrim Projects

   Lord of the Rings Projects

   Game of Thrones Projects

   Assassin's Creed Projects

   Military Dioramas

   Wizard Projects

   Projects for Kids

   Viking Projects

   EVA Foam Projects

   Even More stuff

   Spartan Armor& weapons
   Nature Projects
   Paper Mache Projects Make a Trebuchet
   Rocket Launcher
   Make a Catapult
   Make a Terrarium
   Shoebox Diorama
   Fantasy Diorama
   Make a videogame
   Brew Your own Honey Wine Mead
   Make a BoxKite
   Easy Paper Castle Better paper Castle Dragon Pinata
   Spartan Armor
   WW2 Diorama
   Things

   Castle Models

   [youtubeicon.jpg]
   My Youtube Channel


   STORES

   Writers Bookstore
   Dioramas and miniatures
   Classical Guitar store
   Telescope Store

   Earning money with your website

   Become a Patron!

   All Materials, unless otherwise stated are Copyright© 2001-2019
   Kalif Publishing and StormtheCastle.com check out my copyright page for
   information about how to use any work on this site Here is an
   advertiser guide to this website and the subjects and projects I cover
   .

                           [willkalifheadshot.jpg]
     Hi, Thanks for visiting my website. My name is Will and if you have
                                  questions
                              or would like to
                    contribute projects or ideas you can
                                  ---------

                                 xml sitemap

                               Press/Media Kit


                         Storm the Castle Publishing

                            Let's Make Something

                               Privacy Policy

   .


   [USEMAP:new-banner-orange-with-dragon-2.jpg]

                        Quick Links To Subject Areas:
     -Paper Castles - Catapults - Classical Guitar - Dioramas - Military
   Dioramas - Fantasy Art School - Mead - BeeKeeping - Make Video Games -
     Miniatures - Paper Mache - Model Rockets - Stop Motion Animation -
    Telescopes - Terrariums - Trebuchets - Project List - RC Airplanes -
    How to make a...   Will's Youtube Channel - Downloadable Projects - -
       Weapons/Armor Projects - Origami - Obsessions - Dragonslayer -
   Blacksmithing - Nature Projects - Bonsai - Adventures/Travel - Science
    Projects - Sitemap - Swordmaking - Projects that Shoot - People build
    my projects!! - Skyrim Projects - - Paper Making - Fan Art! - Will's
        Paper Games -Stamp Collecting - Scene Boxes (Tatebanko) - The
   creativity of it - Products/Tools - Games- Goldfish - Leathercrafting -
   - Castle Models -  Stained Glass - Will's Books and eBooks - Hobbies -
   Sword stuff - Plastic Model Builds - Coming: Chess - Classical Music -
   Clocks - RPG's - DaVinci -Pocket Watches - Electronics -Books for Men -
    - Friday Fish & Chips (Vlog and Podcast) - Support Will Here - Will's
   Blog - Will's Favorite Quirky Projects - Seeing Medieval America - For
             teachers - Cardboard Projects - Cosplay Projects -

   _______________________________________________________ Search
     __________________________________________________________________

                                 [INS: :INS]


                       [matrix-of-projects-thumb.jpg]



   [gift1.gif] Will's List of outrageous and fun items on amazon is right
   here.



   My Popular Projects

   How to Make a Volcano

   How to Make a Volcano

   This is a nice little project that has some improvements over the
   typical volcano. It is less mess and easy to clean. The bottle in the
   middle comes right out so you can clean it and do it again. It is also
   in a nice little box so the magma stays controlled - Less Mess How to
   Make a Volcano - New: The Mentos and Diet Coke Volcano - Fires a stream
   high into the air!

   Make a Paper Castle

   Make a Paper and cardboard Castle

   This is a fun project - I give you all the drawings and plans you need
   to make this castle thats ready for painting. Print up the packet and
   glue the pieces to stiff paper or cereal box cardboard. - Make a castle


   Waterfall in a diorama A Waterfall in a diorama

   Actually pretty easy to make a great looking waterfall if you know the
   right tools and techniques. I have it right here: Make a waterfall in a
   diorama


   Table top Troll Catapult

   How to Make a Catapult

   The Table-Top Troll Catapult Build this miniature catapult from
   materials found around the house. It's an easy project and the catapult
   really fires projectiles! Catapult Project


   Hidden Blade Make an Assassin's Creed Hidden Blade that works!

   This is a fun project that just uses cardboard or foam board with a
   rubber band. It really works quite nicely. Make an Assassin's Creed
   Hidden Blade


   an easy egg incubator Make an easy egg incubator out of a styrofoam
   cooler This is an easy project that you can have done in a couple of
   hours. You can hatch your own chicken eggs and get baby chicks!
   Wonderful learning project. How to make an easy incubator


   Make Plastic How to Make Plastic This is a terrific project that is
   very easy to do. You can make plastic with milk and vinegar. Sculpt it,
   mold it and do anything with it. You are limited only by your
   creativity. In the example I make a pair of dice for wargaming and
   board games. How to Make Plastic


   Traditional Kite How to Make a Traditonal Kite

   This is an easy kite to make. Just two sticks, some plastic and tape
   and you are ready to fly it - Make a Regular Kite



   Knifemaking

   Knifemaking Tutorial

   How to make a real knife using the stock removal method. This is part
   of my blacksmithing series of tutorials. Knifemaking


   a Real Sword

   How to Make a Real Sword - I take you through the whole process of
   making a sword. And this one is a good sized sword! Really beefy and
   feels good in the hands. How to Make a sword


   Chainmail How to Make Chainmail: This is a tutorial that shows you
   step-by-step how to make chain mail. I show you which wire to use, how
   to create the rings and how to weave the actual mail. How to make
   chainmail. I will also be doing a tutorial on how to make a piece of
   chainmail armor.


   a Light Box Make a Light Box

   A light box is a wonderful little thing. You can use it for tracing,
   drawing, and even reading x-rays. But they are very expensive to
   purchase. I have a nice tutorial here that shows you how to make a
   great one very cheap. It uses a string of LED's as the light source.
   How to make a light box


   the Assassin's Creed Tomahawk

   Make the Assassin's Creed Tomahawk

   This a great project based off of the new Assassin's Creed. Here I show
   you how to make the Tomahawk wielded by the main character Connor out
   of a broom handle and some foam board. Make the Assassin's Creed
   Tomahawk



   a Mini Crossbow Make a Mini Crossbow

   This is a powerful little crossbow that fires straws! Easy to make and
   whole lot of fun. Make a mini crossbow


   Paper How to Make Paper!

   I been putting this project off for a long time because I thought it
   would be challenging. Wow I was wrong. Paper making is so easy to do!
   And it comes out great. I love this and you are going to love it too!
   The possibilities are endless for scrolls, origami, fine writing and so
   much more. How to Make Paper


   Make the Glass Dagger from Skyrim:

   [glass-dagger.jpg]
   Wonderful project where we cast epoxy resin in a two part rubber mold
   to make an actual glass like dagger. Make the Glass Dagger from Skyrim


   Make the Saw Cleaver from Bloodborne

   Saw Cleaver

   This is an interesting and fairly easy project you can make with two
   sheets of foam board and a little paint. I give you the template! And
   it really works. You can open and close it! Make the Saw Cleaver from
   Bloodborne.


   Make the Iron Sword from Skyrim

   the Iron Sword from Skyrim

   Fun project that looks reallly good. I also show you a great technique
   for getting that Iron look. Make the Iron sword from skyrim.


   FrostMourne


   Make FrostMourne from World of Warcraft

   This is a great looking sword and you just need a few basic supplies
   like foamboard and cereal box cardboard. Of course I give you the
   template. Make Frostmourne


   the Skyrim Iron Helmet

   Make the Skyrim Iron Helmet

   Nice tutorial on how to make the Iron helmet out of cereal box
   cardboard and paper mache. Good looking helmet and strong. How to make
   the Skyrim Iron Helmet


   Make a Wax seal stamper:

   Yes, make your very own wax stamper with a coat of arms, family crest
   or just your initials. I made a gauntlet holding a sword. Fun little
   medieval project. We don't write letters much but if you do send a
   correspondence it would be fun to officially wax seal it like this!
   Make a wax seal stamper.

   a Wax seal stamper


   a Medieval Scroll! How to make a Medieval Scroll!

   Fun and easy little project and I have already received a bunch of
   pictures from people who have made these! How to make a medieval scroll


   Make Gauntlets out of Craft Foam

   Gauntlets

   Yup! that is craft foam and these gauntlets look terrific. I show you
   how to make them and I also give you the template which makes it so
   easy. Print up the template, cut out the pieces and then trace onto
   craft foam. I have a video tutorial too. Make Gauntlets out of craft
   foam

   Medieval Paint How to Make Medieval Paint

   You use egg yolk to make something called egg tempera. Its how DaVinci
   did it! How to Make Medieval Egg Tempera Paint



                                 newsletter

   I have a newsletter that you can sign up for. In it I give you lots of
   tips, tricks and hobby projects in a variety of different areas. I also
    will keep you updated on projects that I am making. Totally free and
   one click subscribe and unsubscribe. In upcoming newsletters I will be
    covering themes like Rubber Band Projects, Rube Goldbergs, and Making
                things with Paper. Going to be a lot of fun.


   Be sure to subscribe to my youtube channel if you want to keep updated
                                on my videos.

                                   IFRAME:
   http://rcm-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/cm?t=stormthecastl-20&o=1&p=20&l=qs
                                   1&f=ifr

                 Will's Crazy picks of toys for grownup boys

   Doing my holiday shopping and putting together my wishlist and finding
             some crazy fun stuff on amazon.com See my list here


                  My Telescope website "The Telescope Nerd"

    I have been passionate about telescopes for a very long time. If you
     like astronomy or want to learn more about astronomy and telescopes
             then check out my new website: The Telescope Nerd.

                             My Fantasy website

   This website is all about fantasy and epic fantasy books. Lots of great
     stuff to help you enjoy fantasy books and lots of guides on series,
      authors, writing, books for children and more. The fantasy Guide

     __________________________________________________________________

        Things to think about and explore. "Creativity for your mind"

   Telescopes and Astronomy

       Ever thought about getting a telescope? This is a wonderful and
     rewarding hobby. Go to the Storm the Castle guide to Telescopes and
                                 astronomy.


   Terrarium Projects

   How to Make a Terrarium. This section has tutorials and instruction on
   making several different types of terrariums- complete with lots of
   pictures. Terrarium building home page

                            How to Make a Diorama
   Dioramas are a great way to express creativity. You work through manys
    stages of the creative process. You conceptualize then design a scene
    then you work with the materials to make it a reality.-great tutorial
   that shows you how to make a diorama from start to finish. It walks you
                    through all the steps and techniques.

   Classical Guitar
   Learn How to Play
   How to Play Classical Guitar If you never played and want to learn I
   have a whole section that will get you going including which books to
   get, selecting a guitar, how to tune your guitar, how to string it and
   some introductory lessons.
   Learn How to Play Classical guitar

   Fantasy Art School
   Learn how to draw fantasy creatures, knights, armor and all sorts of
   fantasy and medieval things. I have just begun this series of art
   lessons and will be adding lessons daily but you can check out what I
   have - Fantasy Art Lessons

   How to make video games
   Are you looking for a way to express your creativity? Making video
   games is a great way to do it! Wouldn't it be great to make your very
   own video game? It could be anything you want. The only limit is your
   imagination and you don't need to know how to program. There is plenty
   of software available that will do that work for you. You can make your
   own video games! In the video game design section you can find lots of
   materials on designing, creating, and playing your own video games.

   You can also look through lots of books and find the one right for
   you.How to make video games

   The Table-Top Troll Catapult Build this miniature catapult from
   materials found around the house. It's an easy project and the catapult
   really fires projectiles! Catapult Project

   Build This Trebuchet called "The Little Dragon". Complete instructions
   with pictures. Made from materials found around the house and hurls a
   small object 30 feet. Build The Little Dragon Trebuchet



                                MORE PROJECTS

   Make a Model Rocket
   I make the Estes Alpha rocket. Cost less than ten dollars and is a fun
   way to start into the hobby of model rocketry. See the complete
   tutorial here: Make the Estes Alpha Model rocket


   Make a Spartan Spear like the movie 300
   This is a fast and easy project that just takes a little bit of
   cardboard and a broomstick. Make the Spartan Spear


   How to Make a Box Kite

   A Boxkite is a unique kind of kite that is easy and fun to make and
   really flies - Even though it doesnt look like it can fly - BoxKite
   Tutorial

   A Terrarium for Kids
   Some guidelines and tips for great terrariums that kids can make.
   Includes a learning sheet that explains how a miniature ecosystem
   works.
   A Terrarium for Kids


   How to Make a Dragon Pinata

   All it takes is a balloon, some paper mache and a little creativity and
   you have a great themed pinata. Add a sword and your party is
   transformed! How to Make a Dragon Pinata

   How to Make a ...

   Scrounging around on the internet looking for some new and fun projects
   I realized that there are a lot of potential projects out there! Lots
   of people are looking for how to make something. So I have started a
   section of my site called the How to Make a... section. I take the most
   popular requests for how to make and I do them. There are easy projects
   and more challenging projects. If you are looking for a new project to
   do you might want to check it out here: How to Make a...

   Four Cardboard Swords for Halloween
   Wnat to make a safe cardboard sword or scythe for Halloween? I have a
   tutorial that shows you how. I make the Buster Cloud sword, a reaper
   scythe, a pirate cutlass and a traditional knight't sword. Easy to make
   and look great. Make a cardboard Sword


   Make a cardboard Katana

   How to Make a Cardboard Katana:
   This tutorial shows you how to make a great looking katana out of
   cardboard. And it is super strong because we adapt the secret
   techniques of the Japanese sword masters to the art of cardboard. How
   to Make a Cardboard Katana

   Make a Go Kart How to Make a Go Kart:
   This is a tutorial on how to make a solid and fast go cart. Easy and
   cheap to make in a few hours. Also includes brakes. I call this Go Kart
   The Wyvern because it is thin, sleek, and fast. How to Make a Go Kart

   a Spartan Chestplate Make a Spartan Chestplate

   This is a complete tutorial that shows you how to make a cardboard and
   paper mache spartan chestpiece. it comes out great looking and is not
   too hard to do. Make a spartan chestpiece



   Spartan Sword

   Make a Spartan 300 Warrior Sword out of cardboard This is a tutorial
   with video that shows you how to make a nice looking Spartan sword out
   of cardboard. It is very strong and easy to make. Should take you less
   than 2 hours depending on the glue drying time. How to Make a Spartan
   Sword

   World War 2 Diorama

   How to make a WW2 Diorama

   This is an in depth tutorial with videos on how to make a WW2 diorama.
   I use 1/72 Scale How to Make a WW2 Diorama


   Make a Mangonel How to Make a Torsion powered catapult called a
   Mangonel:
   This type of catapult uses twisted string or rope as a source of power
   and it is more accurate to the real catapults of Medieval times. Its an
   easy project and this little Mangonel reallly fires! How to make a
   Mangonel


   A Spartan Helmet Make a Spartan Helmet
   Make this helmet out of paper mache and cardboard. Complete
   instructions and video, along with a download of the template The
   Spartan Helmet





   Waterfall in a diorama Make a waterfall for a diorama

   Not a real waterfall but sure looks real. Easy to make and comes out
   terrific. I also have a tutorial on how to do water effects like
   ripples and waves and a tutorial on how to make this complete diorama
   called "The Secret Grotto" Make a waterfall for a diorama



   a terrarium waterfall

   How to make a terrarium waterfall from scratch I show you how to make a
   small waterfall that you can put in your terrarium. This is a complete
   tutorial that even includes a how to video How to make a terrarium
   waterfall



   a Dagger

   How to make a Dagger

   How to make a dagger . It is very similar to making a knife. But there
   are a couple of differences. A dagger is edged on both sides and made
   for sticking not slicing! Make a Dagger Nice little blacksmithing
   project.



   Make a telescope

   How to make a small and easy telescope
   This is a complete tutorial on how to make a small telescope using
   lenses. I show you everything you need to know. Make a small refractor
   telescope

   Spartan Shield Make a Spartan Shield

   This is a great looking shield that is creative and easy to make. It
   looks just like the shields in the movie 300. Complete tutorial with
   video. How to make a Spartan Shield I also have lots of other Spartan
   Projects including helmet, spear greaves and arm guards.


   Game of Thrones Coin Make the Game of Thrones Coin I show you how to
   make Arya's coin, clay, plastic and even cast the m in metal. Easy and
   fun! Make the coin of the faceless man.





   Sauron's Mace Make Sauron's Mace
   Great looking project using just a few basic materials. And I give you
   the template which makes it very easy to put together.

   Make Sauron's Mace


Skyrim Septim Cast a Metal Coin- The Skyrim Septim

   Fun project where you cast an actual metal coin with low melting metal.
   I show you how to make the mold and do the whole thing. Cast a metal
   coin (Skyrim Septim)




   the Batarang

   Make the Batarang from Batman!

   This is a really easy project and it comes out great, has a great feel
   and look. Just a sheet of cardboard or foamboard is all you need. I
   give you the template to make it so easy. Make the Batarang


   Daedric Sword

   Make a Daedric Sword from Skyrim

   Fun and easy project. All you need is a single sheet of foamboard. I
   have the template you just download and print out. How to make the
   Daedric Sword


Make a Daedric Axe

   a Daedric Axe

   This is a fun and easy skyrim project. And I give you the template
   which makes it very easy. Make the Daedric Axe



   Arrow to the Knee Make a Skyrim
   Arrow to the Knee!

   I just couldn't resist this one. Lot of fun and easy to make. It is one
   of the most popular memes to come out of skyrim. Don't worry, I will
   keep working on the website even though I took an arrow to the knee.

   Make an arrow to the knee






   Make a Karambit Fighting Knife

   a Karambit

   This is a fun blacksmithing project to make a curved fighting knife
   called a karambit. I take you through all the steps and have the
   template for you. Even if you don't plan on making it you might be
   interested in the process of how a knife is made. Make a Karambit


   a Throwing Knife

   Make a Throwing Knife

   Yes, a real throwing knife. This is a fun project to make and a fun
   project to use! I had a lot of fun with this. All you need is a piece
   of steel and some basic tools. And you don't need a forge. You can
   harden and temper this with a torch. Make a Throwing Knife



   [push-dagger-thumb.jpg] Make a Push Knife

   It is an interesting little blacksmithing project and very different
   than your usual knife. Sometime called a push dagger too. Make a push
   knife


   [throne-thumb.jpg] Make a miniature throne from Game of Thrones Yup,
   all those miniature swords I made in the previous tutorial are now put
   to use. Even though it is miniature it is still technically made from
   forged swords! Make the Mini Throne


   [nail-swords.jpg] Forge Mini Nail Swords Fun little project where you
   heat up duplex nails and turn them into tiny swords.

   Forge Mini Nail Swords



   [nail-sword-closeup.jpg]


   Great Helm Forge a Medieval Great Helm - This is an interesting
   medieval armor project. I show you the process step by step. Make a
   Medieval Great Helm






   Make Sting from the Hobbit out of foamboard or cardboard

   With the new Hobbit movie just coming out this is a great time to make
   yourself sting. I give you the template to make it so easy. ! Make
   Sting out of cardboard or foamboard

   [sting-foamboard.jpg]

   Make Gimli's Axe from Lord of the Rings

   This is an easy and fun project. Of course I give you the template.
   Make this and you will be ready for the release of the new Hobbit
   Movie! Make Gimli's Axe

   [gimlis-axe-2.jpg]


   Make a Fake Boulder (Terrific project if dragons keep digging up your
   garden)

   Yup, some foam and paper mache is pretty much all you need along with a
   little paint and you have a light weight boulder. How to make a fake
   boulder

   [fake-boulder-419px.jpg]



   [wire-bonsai-tree.jpg] Make a Bonsai Tree out of Wire

   I show you how to make a realistic looking bonsai tree out of simple
   materials like wire, aluminum foil, and pencil shavings. How to make a
   wire bonsai tree.



   Make Gandalf's Sword Glamdring

   [glamdring.jpg]

   This is one of my easiest sword projects and it looks great. You just
   need a few basic materials and I give you the template which makes it
   very easy to do! Make Glamdring


   Make Sting from the Hobbit out of Steel

   Ok! I have made Sting out of foamboard. Now it's time to make it out of
   steel. I show you step-by-step how it is done. Make Sting out of steel.

   [sting-steel-thumb.jpg]



   Make Orcrist from Lord of the Rings

   [orcrist.jpg]

   Fun and easy project that uses just a single sheet of foam board. And
   as always I give you the template. Make Orcrist


   [scarification-and-stratification-thumb.jpg] How to start
   Bonsai Seeds

   Tree seeds are different than typical garden seeds. They need a process
   to get started. You have to soak and cool them. I show you how right
   here: How to scarify and stratify bonsai seeds.


   [witch-king-helmet.jpg] Make the Witch King Helmet

   This is an easy paper mache or plaster cloth project. And I give you
   the template. Now you can be the witch king. If being the bad guy is
   what you want! Make the Witch King Helmet


   [miniature-ballista-thumb.jpg] Make a Ballista

   It's an ancient Roman and Greek siege engine and you can make one out
   of foamboard. I have the template for you. Cut out the pieces, trace
   onto foamboard and put it together. Make a Ballista


   [will-in-india.jpg] Will takes a trip to India

   It was a fun adventure and if you want to see a little bit of India
   check out Will's video on his youtube channel right here: Will in India



   [railroad-spike-knife-thumb.jpg] Make a Railroad Spike Knife

   This is a great little project if you are just beginning in
   blacksmithing. RR spikes are so easy to work with and you can whip up a
   nice little knife in no time. Practically can't do wrong with a project
   like this and it will help you to develop a feel for hammering hot
   metal. Make a railroad spike knife.


   Make Wolverine Claws that work

   [wolverine-claws-thumb.jpg]

   Fun and easy foam board project. I give you the template. And the claws
   really shoot out of the box. You can have this done in no time at all.
   Make Wolverine Claws that work


   [katar.jpg] Make an Indian Katar Assassin's Dagger

   Fun foam board project and all you need is two sheets of foam board,
   two rubber bands and two toothpicks. I give you the template. It really
   works, opens and snaps closed. Make an Indian Katar Dagger


   [sikh-dagger-thumb.jpg] Make an Indian Sikh Dagger

   I bought a dagger while on a trip to India. It is quite beautiful. So I
   thought it would be fun to make one out of foamboard. I give you the
   template and the ornamental work which makes it very easy for you to
   make. Make an Indian Sikh dagger.


   Make a Leather Sword Sheath

   [leather-sword-sheath.jpg]

   Web visitors have been asking me to do this tutorial for a long time. I
   finally got to it. It is how to make a leather sheath for a sword. And
   I make one for our Steel Sting Sword. It also comes with a video. How
   to make a leather sword sheath

   Make a Foil Tape Sword (Robb Stark)

   [foil-tape-sword.jpg]

   Foil tape is a great way to make a cardboard or foam board sword look
   like steel. I show you how to do it. I also give you this template so
   you can make a replica of Robb Stark's sword from Game of Thrones. Make
   a Foil Tape Sword


   Make the Elven Bow from Skyrim

   [elven-bow-thumb.jpg]

   Fun foamboard project. It doesn't really work as a bow but looks great
   and is perfect for show or cosplay. I give you the template which makes
   it easy to build. Make the Elven bow from Skyrim


   Make a Hexagonal Box Kite

   [hexagonal-box-kite-thumb.jpg]

   You wouldn't think that something like this could fly but it flies very
   easily. Fun and easy project with some dowels and tissue paper. How to
   make a hexagonal box kite.


   [miniature-himeji-castle.jpg] Make a Metal Earth Himeji Castle

   Fun little metal kit you can buy. It is a replica of Himeji Castle in
   Japan. Make a Miniature Himeji Castle


   Make the Batman Mask

   batman mask

   This is an easy craft foam project that comes out great. You are going
   to like this! How to make a batman mask






   Make the Glass Sword from Skyrim

   the Glass Sword from Skyrim

   The glass dagger turned out to be so popular that I had to go ahead and
   make the sword. Fun project and it comes out great. Actually quite
   impressive. You don't see projects like this very often! Make the Glass
   Sword from Skyrim


   Storm The Castle Diorama Part 7 Storm The Castle Diorama Part 7: Water
   Effects, Make the Moat

   The next installment of the massive castle siege diorama is done. In
   this part we add the moat around the castle. Storm The Castle Diorama
   Part 7


   make Ink How to make Ink

   I have done tutorials on how to make paper and how to make a feather
   writing quill. Now I finish off that series with a tutorial on how to
   make ink. And it is real easy to do! You probably have everything you
   need right in the kitchen. How to make Ink


   Make Soul Edge from Soul Calibur

   Soul Edge from Soul Calibur

   This is a pretty crazy sword in the video game. And it is even crazier
   in real life. And the eyeball really looks around! LOL. See how to make
   this project with some basic materials. Make Soul Edge


   Make a Thaumatrope

   a Thaumatrope

   A thaumatrope is the very first example of the phenomenon of
   persistence of vision where images merge together. And in a way it is
   where film and animation started. Two images blur together as you spin
   it. I have a tutorial on how to make one and I give you three sets of
   images in a template so you can print them up and make them.
   Make a Thaumatrope


   Needle from Game of Thrones

   Make Needle from Game of Thrones

   Nice little project with a twist. This is the sword from the Series of
   Books. Easy project and I give you the template. Make Needle


   Make a plastic model tank and a diorama for it

   a plastic model tank

   In this tutoria I show you how a plastic model tank is made and I also
   show you how to make a neat little diorama to go with it. Easy project
   called "Crossroads". Make a tank and diorama


   a Railroad Spike Throwing hatchet

   Forge a Railroad Spike Throwing hatchet

   Fun and easy little project and I show you a technique that all
   blacksmiths use but very few talk about. How to forge a railroad spike
   hatchet/throwing axe.


   Dragonscale Chainmail How to make Dragonscale Chainmail

   This is a wonderful chainmail weave that looks really beautiful. Two
   different sized rings. I show you everything, step by step. How to make
   dragonscale chainmail


   Make the Phantom Blade from Assassin's Creed

   the Phantom Blade

   Fun foam board project that really shoots. You just need a few basic
   supplies and I give you the template and have it all figured out for
   you. Print it up and put it together. Make the Phantom Blade


   Paper Making Paper Making Part 2 - Some techniques for nicer paper

   In this part we get a little bit more in depth and I show you some
   things like adding cotton to the paper, dipping it and even forming the
   paper into shapes.

   Intermediate, yet still easy, paper making


   a Phenakistoscope Make a Phenakistoscope!

   A-Phena-what-a-scope? A Phenakistoscope is often referred to as a magic
   disk. The disk has a series of images on it and when you spin it an
   animation happens! Yup, I give you everything you need to make this
   early animation device. Just print up the template along with four
   different magic disks. Make a phenakistoscope.


   a Dragonbone Dagger Make a Dragonbone Dagger

   This is a fun and easy project that you can do quickly and it looks
   great. I show you a neat technique for painting the blade to look like
   bone. And of course I give you the template. Make the dragonbone
   dagger.

   Make Dark Repulser from Sword Art Online

   Dark Repulser

   This is an easy foam board project from the very popular Sword Art
   Online. I give you the template. Make Dark Repulser


   Make Katarina's Daggers from League of Legends

   Katarina's Dagger

   Nice little project that is easy to make. I give you the template. You
   can have this done in no time with just a few basic supplies like
   foamboard or cardboard. Make Katarina's Daggers


   How to Make a PVC sword

   a PVC sword

   PVC is wonderful for making swords and weapons. It is cheap, strong and
   readily available. And you can even heat it up and shape it. Check out
   the tutorial here: How to Make a PVC Sword


   How to set up a beehive

   [setting-up-beehive-thumb.jpg]

   I just started another beehive and it is an interesting process. Learn
   about it here. How to set up a beehive



   How to Make a Foam Board Sword

   a Foam Board Sword

   Foam board is terrific for making swords. It is strong and easy to work
   with . I show you techniques for how to do it. And along the way we
   make this beautiful sword! How to Make a foam board sword


   a Zoetrope Make a Zoetrope

   A zoetrope is a fun little optical illusion project. You might even
   call it an animation project. You put a series of images inside a tube
   and spin the tube. Look through slots you made and the images become an
   animation. Fun and easy. And I give you the template with the animation
   ready to go. Make a Zoetrope


   a Light Box Make a Light Box

   A light box is a wonderful little thing. You can use it for tracing,
   drawing, and even reading x-rays. But they are very expensive to
   purchase. I have a nice tutorial here that shows you how to make a
   great one very cheap. It uses a string of LED's as the light source.
   How to make a light box


   a simple diorama

   Make a simple diorama

   This is a great project for kids. You need a small box, glue stick,
   scissors and a magazine. That's it. I show you how to make a simple
   diorama.


   a Wizard's Globe Make a Wizard's Globe

   Every wizard's lair has a globe like this. It works a lot like a
   gyroscope in that you can rotate the rings and the globe so it can be
   looked at from any angle.

   Make a Wizard's Globe




   Make the Skyrim Nightingale Blade

   the Skyrim Nightingale Blade

   Easy to make project that comes out great. And all you need is a single
   sheet of foamboard. I show you a build technique that makes the blade
   very strong and realistic looking. It has depth, it isn't flat. Make
   the Nightingale Blade

   Make a Star Wars Crossguard LightSaber

   Star Wars Crossguard LightSaber

   The new lightsaber is quite a bit different than the usual ones. I like
   this one a lot. It has a crossguard which makes it much like a medieval
   sword. I give you templates to make two different sizes. Make the
   CrossGuard LightSaber


   Kingdom The Paper Game

   Kingdom The Paper Game

   Fun little paper game that you can download, print up and play. The
   King has been assassinated. Are you smart enough to save the Kingdom?
   One of ten paper games that I have. Check it out here: Kingdom - The
   Paper Game


                            Make a Camera Obscura

   Camera Obscura [camera-obscura-2.jpg]

   The Camera Obscura is a curious device that goes all the way back to
   antiquity. And it is a pre-cursor to the camera. Fascinating and easy
   to make. I have a tutorial right here: How to Make a Camera Obscura


   Gandalf's Grey staff

   Make Gandalf's Grey staff from The Hobbit

   And I show you how to make the crystal that goes inside and how to
   light it up. Check out the tutorial with video here. Make Gandalf's
   Grey staff



   Saruman's Staff Make Saruman's Staff from Lord of the Rings

   This is a nice looking project that is very easy to make. I give you
   the template and show you several easy ways to make the glass globe in
   the center. Make Saruman's Staff from Lord of the Rings



   Foam Armor shoulders How to Make Foam Armor shoulders and arms

   Fun and easy armor making tutorial using craft foam and cereal box
   cardboard. I give you the template which makes it easy. Make Foam Armor
   Shoulders and Arms.




   DragonAge Inquistion Helmet Make the DragonAge Inquistion Helmet

   Fun project that looks great and uses no paper mache. Yes, we use
   masking tape and cereal box cardboard. If you are a fan of the
   dragonage video games you should check this out. Make the DragonAge
   Inquisition Helmet


   a Feather Quill pen Make a Feather Quill pen

   You can easily make one of those old fashioned writing instruments out
   of a feather. I show you how. You just need a turkey feather. This is a
   great companion project to my paper making stuff. Make a feather quill
   pen.


   the RingWraith Sword Make the RingWraith Sword from Lord of the Rings


   This is a big sword yet pretty strong. I show you a special technique
   for making a foam board sword that is strong. It involves diamonds but
   not that kind! Make the Ringwraith sword from LOTR


   Blacksmith a sword fast!

   a sword

   I challenged myself to make a sword real fast and easy. It took me six
   hours from start to finish. You can make a sword like this too. Check
   out my tutorial here: Make a sword in six hours


   How to Make Gandalf's Staff

   Gandalf's Staff

   This is the iconic white staff that Gandalf wields. I show you how to
   make it easily with just a few supplies and I give you the template!
   Make Gandalf's white staff


   Make Elucidator from Sword Art Online

   Elucidator

   This is an easy foam board project from the very popular Sword Art
   Online. I give you the template. Make Elucidator


   a Rebar Knife Forge a Rebar Knife

   Rebar is a cheap and readily available material. It is easy to forge
   and in this tutorial I show you how to make a knife with it. I also
   show you some new techniques like how to bend the steel into curves.
   Make a Rebar Knife


   an Origami Bonsai Tree Make an Origami Bonsai Tree

   I love this project because it is a combination of two things I love:
   Bonsai and Origami. The only way it could get any better was if it were
   alive and needed care! But, you might consider it a bonus that this
   tree needs very little care. lol!

   Make an origami bonsai tree - oh and the tree itselft is a brown paper
   bag that has been twisted and shaped. Neat.


   Make a Daedric Bow and Arrow

   a Daedric Bow and Arrow

   Fun and easy project. You just need two sheets of foamboard to make
   this bow. I give you the template. If you are a skyrim or elder scrolls
   fan you are going to love this one! Make a Daedric Bow






                               Become a Patron

   Free Hands-on Tutorials and Projects. The Website that shows you how to
                                make things!
                          [lets-make-something.jpg]

                   *Support Will:Go to Amazon Right here*

                      Check out my youtube channel here

                         Watch my ten second video:

                                   [EMBED]

   Will

   Click Here to view Will's most popular projects



   My Newest Projects:

   Will's Newest Book is now available on Amazon! Yay! Are you interested
   in telescopes and the night sky?

   [see-it-with-a-small-telescope.jpg] See It with a Small Telescope: 101
   Cosmic Wonders Including Planets, Moons, Comets, Galaxies, Nebulae,
   Star Clusters and More - Available in paperback and kindle on Amazon
   right here


   [blacksmithing-ebook-160px-wide.jpg]

   Will's blacksmithing book is now available in the Amazon Kindle store.
   Learn more here






   Flaming arrow graphic New: Forge a Flaming arrow tip-

   This is a complete tutorial showing you step-by-step how too blacksmith
   up a flaming arrow tip. Based on a real arrow tip seen in a museum. How
   to Forge a flaming arrow tip


   [blacksmith-a-coin-part-1-thumb.jpg] Blacksmith a coin - It's a fun and
   unique project. I take you through the whole process from concept to
   striking the coins in the forge and on the anvil. Blacksmith a coin


   [blacksmithing-ebook-cover1.jpg] New: Get Will's Blacksmithing ebook -
   48 pages of blacksmithing expertise that answers all your questions and
   gets you blacksmithing. Always dreamed of doing it? Let Will help you
   get forging! Will's Blacksmithing ebook



   cardboard rocket pencil holder

   New: Make a cardboard rocket pencil holder

   Fun little cardboard project with a clever way of forming cardboard
   tubes. How to make a cardboard rocket pencil holder.


   [cardboard-tubes-banner-200px.jpg] New: How to easily form cardboard
   into tubes and cylinders

   Now you can re-use and recycle cardboard boxes and make all kinds of
   great projects. This tutorial shows you how to form cylinders and
   tubes.


   [eiffel-tower-1.jpg] Lots of easy paper towel and cardboard tube
   projects

   I have a lot of fun and easy projects for you to make with cardboard
   tubes. Cardboard tube projects




   [medieval-america-thumb.jpg]

   Will Travels Medieval America -

   Will is on a quest to build a castle. And as part of this he has
   embarked on an adventure across America visiting castles, blacksmiths,
   meaderies, museums and all sorts of medieval places. You can follow
   along on the adventure! Yes, there are castles in America and Will is
   visiting them!! Check it out here: Medieval America

   [fish-and-chips-200px-banner.jpg] Will's Podcast - Friday Fish & Chips

   Enjoy listening to podcasts? Check out Will's podcast on life,
   philosophy and the meaning of it all. Available in many formats
   including Apple, tunein etc. Friday Fish and Chips


   Paper Theatre Make a Miniature Rolling Paper Theatre

   This is a fun little storytelling device. Easy to make and harkens back
   to a time gone by. Make a Miniature Rolling paper Theatre


   The Conan sword Make Conan's sword | The Atlantean

   This is the sword of Conan the barbarian. I show you how to make it and
   I give you the template which makes it very easy. Make the Conan Sword


   [cardboard-dollhouse-1.jpg] New: Make a Cardboard Dollhouse (Tudor
   Style!)

   Make an inexpensive and durable dollhouse that looks great. I give you
   the designs and blueprints free. And I have a video tutorial showing
   you how to make it. Make a Cardboard Dollhouse


   [stormbreaker.jpg]

   Make Thor's Stormbreaker

   This is a terrific project that looks good and is very durable. You can
   use it for cosplay and convention going. Make Thor's Stormbreaker


   [dungeon-terrain-thumbnail-part-1.jpg] Make fast and easy dungeons for
   table top gaming

   It looks good, is easy to make and it's cheap! I show you how to do it.
   Make Dungeon Terrain and tiles


   [alita-sword-banner.jpg] Make the Alita Battle Angel Sword

   Easy foam board sword you can make. And I give you the template. Make
   the Alita Battle Angel Sword


   [the-lost-van-gogh-scene-box.jpg] The Lost Van Gogh Scene Box

   I show you how to make this scene box from a lost Vincent Van Gogh
   Painting. And I give you the template. Print it up and put it together.
   The Lost Van Gogh Scene Box


   [gun-sword-thumb.jpg] Make a Gun-sword that shoots rubber bands

   A fun project that only needs one sheet of foamboard. And it is based
   on an actual 16th century gun-sword I spotted in a museum. Make a
   rubber band shooting gun-sword.


   [chamber-of-wonders-thumb.jpg] Make a chamber of wonders

   A chamber of wonders was a 17th century Flemish thing. People would
   collect up wonders from around the world and display them. I visited
   one, and have pictures and a video. And, turned it into a paper diorama
   project. You can download it, print it, and make it here: Make a
   Chamber of Wonders


   [18th-century-diorama-thumb.jpg]

   Make an 18th century diorama also known as a paper theater

   In the Eighteenth century this type of layered diorama was all the
   rage. It is composed of six layers to give the perception of depth. I
   spotted one in a museum and decided to make one. But... rather than
   making the scene of an 18th century garden I decided to use photographs
   from my travels to make the Biltmore gardens from the famous Biltmore
   Castle. Make an 18th century diorama.

   Rapunzel Paper Diorama

   Make a Rapunzel Paper Diorama (Tatebanko)

   Here is an easy scene from the Grimm fairy tale Rapunzel that you can
   make. I give you everything in the template. You print it up and put it
   together. Make a Rapunzel Paper Diorama


   [the-sword-of-perseus-thumb.jpg] Make the sword of Perseus from a
   museum statue

   This sword is from a 300 year old marble statue in the New York
   Metropolitan Museum. The statue depicts Perseus slaying Medusa. And we
   make this exact sword out of foam board. Make the sword of Perseus


   [patton-tank-image-small.jpg] Make a Patton Tank Plastic Model

   Fun and easy plastic model build. 1:35 scale so it is a good size and
   easy to handle. Easily done in a few hours and an inexpensive model.
   One of the more popular ones made by Revell. Tutorial includes a video.
   Make a Patton Tank Plastic Model



   [merrymead-castle-thumb.jpg]

   I have the first version of this castle done. It is an eight page pdf
   which includes the base sheet that you assemble it on. There are not
   yet any instructions to go with it. But you should be able to put it
   together relatively easily. I recommend you print it up onto some kind
   of index card or card stock. 90 pound paper is the best. Download it
   here: Merry Mead Castle Paper booklet

   (If you need 90 pound paper it is available on amazon right here)


   Make a "Flame Blade" Kris Dagger

   [kris-dagger-thumb.jpg]

   This is an easy foam board or cardboard project. You can have this
   fancy looking dagger done in no time and with few materials. Either
   cardboard or foamboard work for this. And of course, I give you the
   template! Make a Kris Dagger



   [tools-for-beginning-blacksmithing.jpg]

   What tools should you get to start out in blacksmithing?

   I have it all laid out for you right here including a printable list.
   There isn't a lot needed to get started. Here are the tools you should
   get



   [irish-spring-diorama-thumb-200px.jpg]

   The Irish Spring Diorama in a box of soap

   This is a clever little project where we make an Ireland scene inside a
   box of Irish Spring Soap. There is a lot of creative potential in this
   idea. You can have a lot of fun with all kinds of product boxes. In
   this one we make a good looking tree with brown paper and add a
   mushroom fairy ring. The Irish Spring Diorama in a box of soap


   [flying-fortress-model-build-200px.jpg]

   The Flying Fortress is a big model (19" long) and a skill level 4. I
   like this model. It is a fun build with a lot of internal parts and a
   very detailed cockpit. In this tutorial, which includes a video I show
   you how it's built and I give you an extra bonus by showing you
   something called Perfect Plastic Putty which is used to fill and smooth
   seams and cracks in plastic models. Make the Flying Fortress Plastic
   Model.


   [flying-fortress-diorama200px.jpg]

   In this tutorial, which includes a video. I show you some easy
   techniques for making a diorama. It includes easy painting and easy
   grass and bushes. Make an airstrip diorama for a military aircraft


   [how-to-make-a-telescope-part-2-the-mount-thumb.jpg]

   Make a telescope Part 2: the mount

   I show you how to make a mount for a big 8 inch telescope that we
   previously made in an earlier tutorial. This telescope mount is
   functional, unique and easy to make. Make a Telescope part 2: the
   Mount.



   [EVA-foam-axe-thumb.jpg]

   Make an EVA foam Double Bladed Axe

   EVA foam is floor matting used in dojos and gyms. I use it to stand on
   at my work bench. It is great for anti-fatigue. It is also terrific for
   armor and weapons. I show you how to make this double bladed axe out of
   it. And I include the template. Make an EVA foam Double Bladed Axe


   [marble-tilt-game.jpg]

   Make a Marble-tilt labyrinth game out of a cardboard box. A box and
   some creativity and you have a fun game. Make the labyrinth any way you
   like. I also have some clever labyrinth ideas for you. Make a
   Marble-tilt labyrinth game.



   [viking-ship-thumb.jpg]

   Make a Viking Ship Model

   This is a 1/50 scale Revell model of a Viking Ship. Fun build (Skill
   Level 3) and it turns out great. I take you through the process step by
   step and give you some tips and techniques. Make a Viking Ship Model


   [solar-pictures-thumb.jpg] This is a video tutorial. The link takes you
   to my youtube channel. How to take pictures of the sun with any type of
   digital camera.


   [hellblade.jpg] Make Senua's sword from the video game Hellblade. Easy
   project, 1 sheet of foamboard. And I give you the template.



   Thumbnail of the blacksmithing shop

   Check out the new blacksmithing shop

   It's a nice shaded area with a roof and electricity. It is very neat
   and it makes a very big difference in my blacksmithing. Learn more
   about it and why it helps here. Have you ever heard of the work
   triangle? The New blacksmithing Shop


   [free-paper-castle-3.jpg]

   Will's Newest Paper Castle kit: Woodforde Castle - Fun and easy paper
   castle kit. Complete pdf with all the parts and instructions on how to
   make it. Free paper Castle Kit


   Flakpanzer

   Skill level 2 build with some interesting differences than my other
   builds. This one has something called Zimmerit which is a clay-like
   coating on parts of the exterior of the vehicle. And this one came with
   a real metal chassis which gives the model some weight and heft. 1:48
   Scale Make a German FlakPanzer


   Wonder Woman Sword

   Make Wonder Woman's Sword (Godkiller)

   One sheet of foam board and I give you the template. Nice sword that
   comes out great and is pretty strong. Make the Wonder Woman Sword


   Wonder Woman Bracers

   Make Wonder Woman's Bracers

   Easy craft foam project and I give you the template. Actually three
   different size templates so you can choose the size that is right for
   you. I also show you how to use regular paints to achieve this nice
   metallic look. Fun project! Make Wonder Woman's Bracers - included
   template


   Excalibur

   New: Make Excalibur from the new King Arthur Movie

   This is a fun little project and the sword comes out great. Easy to do
   and you just need a few materials including two sheets of foamboard and
   a couple of black shoelaces. And, as always, I give you the template.
   Make Excalibur from King Arthur and the Legend of the Sword.


   Fruitr mead melomel Making a fruit mead (melomel)? Here are some tips
   for getting more fruit flavor

   Making a fruit mead can be surprising. You can add a pound of fruit and
   let it ferment. And when it is done it will have just a hint of the
   fruit flavor! Huh? How do you get your melomel to have a more potent
   fruit flavor? Well, Maybe you need more cowbell!!! Just kidding. In
   this tutorial I make a batch of mead and lay out some tricks for
   getting more flavor from the fruit. Included is a video. How to get
   more fruit flavor in your mead.


   Beehive ornaments New: Make Stained Glass Beehive Ornaments

   This is a fun little project. We make stained glass flowers shaped out
   of hexagons that look like honey comb. I show you how to do stained
   glass from start to finish. And we mount them on the beehives. How to
   make Stained Glass Beehive Ornaments


   The creative process

   A look at creativity as it happens - I video the process of thinking up
   an idea for a project. It starts with just a small kernel of an idea
   and grows from there. This is a video right here: A look at the
   Creative Process


   Easy Diorama Water

   Easy waterfalls and diorama water with Elmer's Clear glue gels

   In this tutorial I make Ponce de Leon and the Fountain of Youth. But
   the real thing about this is the various water effects you can make
   with the new Elmer's Clear Glue Gels. We make a Waterfall, brook,
   fountain and pond. Easy Water effects Diorama


   Knights Templar Sword

   Make a Knight's Templar Sword

   This is a big sword that can be used one-handed or two-handed. And it
   is easy to make. It all fits on one sheet of foamboard and I give you
   the template. How to make a Knight's Templar sword


   Flanged Mace

   Make a Medieval Flanged Mace


   A flanged mace is a powerful percussive weapon. The flanges allow it to
   bite into an opponents armor. I show you how to make one with a wooden
   dowel and foam board. And as a bonus I show you how to make one with
   EVA foam so you can actually use it to have some combat fun! How to
   make a Medieval Flanged Mace


   Crafting foam

   The Brilliance of Foam

   There are a lot of different types of foam out there, things like
   Styrofoam. And it can be confusing. But I have it all figured out for
   you. The types of foams, how to use them and how to make things with
   them. Includes a video tutorial. And my favorite foam is something
   called XPS . Learn all about crafting with foam here. Includes a video


   Tracing paper

   How to Make Tracing Paper

   It's very easy to do. If you need tracing paper but don't have any then
   you can make some from regular printer paper. And it is useful for many
   projects other than tracing. Projects like my shadow theater, lightbox
   and camera obscura. How to Make Tracing Paper.


   A shadow theatre

   How to Make a Shadow Theater

   It is a fun little project that is easy to make. And it is perfect for
   unique story telling. You can create little stories, little characters
   and bring them to life. I also show you several ways to animate your
   characters. How to make a shadow theater


   Bonkei

   How to Make a Bonkei (Japanese Tray Landscape)

   It is a distinct type of diorama and the traditional form of this art
   would display a realistic natural landscape. I take it to another level
   and create a fantasy landscape with a hero and a beast in a cave. How
   to Make a Bonkei tray landscape


   Apache Model Helicopter Make an Apache Attack Helicopter Model

   This is a fun skill level 2 helicopter model. It is a Revell kit in
   1/35 scale. I show you how to make it step by step.Make an Apache
   helicopter.


   Plastic Model Tank

   Make a Military Tank Model (The Walker Bulldog)


   I love building plastic models. It is a quiet pursuit. I used to do it
   as a kid and now in my adult years I have returned to. In this tutorial
   I build one of the most popular models - A tank in the 1/35 scale which
   is an inexpensive and popular scale. How to make a plastic model tank.


   Viking Axe

   Make a strong Viking axe out of foamboard or cardboard

   This is a fun and easy project. And you can handle it a lot because it
   is durable. I also show you a new technique for making the bevel on
   bladed weapons. How to Make a Viking Axe


   Wd printed dungeon New: Make a Dungeon Diorama with 3d Printed
   Miniatures

   I show you some great techniques for making a dungeon diorama which is
   also good for table top gaming. I also have some 3d printed minatures
   in this diorama. Make a Dungeon Diorama


   The Gunblade Make the Gunblade from Final Fantasy

   An easy project that comes out great looking. You only need one sheet
   of foamboard or a sheet of cardboard. And of course I give you the
   template. You can't go wrong with this project. It will come out great.
   Make the Gunblade from Final Fantasy


   Model Huey Helicopter Make a plastic model Huey Helicopter

   This is the Marine version of the famous Huey and it is complete with
   armaments. Fun and easy skill level 2 build. Make a Model Helicopter


   Stamp Collecting

   A video on the basics of Stamp Collecting

   I cover some of the basics of the hobby including where to get stamps,
   how to put them in albums and how to identify watermarks, grills and
   more: An introduction to Stamp Collecting


   Plastic Origami

   Plastic Origami

   It is the technique of doing origami with sheets of plastic rather than
   sheets of paper. It has some interesting differences including you can
   use a heat gun on it. Learn more and see a fold here: About Plastic
   Origami


   Hot Wire Foam Cutter

   Make a Hot Wire Foam Cutter

   It is an easy unit to build and it is dual purpose. You can use it as a
   hand-held unit and as a table-top unit. How to make a hot wire foam
   cutter.


   Paper Towel Tube Projects Paper towel and Bathroom Tissue tubes! They
   are everywhere and there are lots of creative projects you can make
   with them. I have ideas for you right here and it includes a youtube
   video. Fun things to make with Paper Towel Tubes


   Goldfish Aquarium New Video Tutorial: How to start a goldfish aquarium.
   I show you all the basics and take you through all the steps including
   setting up the tank, adding the water and chemicals and adding youir
   goldfish. How to Start a goldfish aquarium


   Sword forge How to Make a Sword Forge

   When making a sword you don't need a forge or anvil. But, you run into
   the problem of how to harden and temper the blade? You need to heat the
   whole blade at the same time. And you can do this with a sword forge.
   In this tutorial I show you why and I take you through the easy making
   of a forge like this. And I have included a video. How to Make a Sword
   forge


   Swordmaking Swordmaking: It's all about the steel

   You have probably heard the term "high carbon steel". Are interested in
   knowing exactly what it means? And seeing as there is high carbon steel
   there is of course a low carbon steel. There is even one right between
   the two. In this tutorial I explain to you what that all means and how
   it affects sword making. And of course I have a video too. Swordmaking:
   It's all about the steel


   Ship in a Bottle Make a Ship in a Bottle

   We make a scene from the Odyssey. It is the Sirens and Odysseus tied to
   the mast of his ship. Fun project. I teach you the basics of making a
   ship in a bottle or how do you get that ship in there! Make a ship in a
   bottle


   Pirate Cutlass Make a Pirate Cutlass

   T his is a fun sword project that also has a secret treasure chest
   compartment where you can store your pirate treasure. I give you the
   template which makes it very easy for you to make. Make a Pirate
   Cutlass


   PVC Catapult

   Make a Tabletop size PVC Catapult

   Pvc is plastic pipe and it is readily available and very cheap at every
   home improvement store. I give you the parts list and show you how to
   make this easy to make catapult. Make a PVC Catapult


   Medieval Mace Make a Medieval Mace (A MorningStar)

   Fun, easy, and safe project made out of foam and sponge. But it is
   durable. How to make a Medieval Mace (includes my youtube video
   tutorial). Make a Medieval Mace


   Gun Shield Make a Gun Shield

   It is a shield and it is a gun. I spotted this peculiar weapon in a
   museum and thought it would be fun to make. I show you how. And it
   really shoots (gumballs)

   Make a Gun Shield


   Plastic Model Battleship (USS Massachusetts) Make a Plastic Model
   Battleship (USS Massachusetts)
   This is a skill level two model at 1:700 Scale. Interesting model with
   a whole lot of very small pieces. This is because of the scale. I used
   a head-band magnifier for this project and it is a pretty straight
   forward build. Attach the deck to the hull then add all the various
   pieces to the deck. . Make a Plastic Model Battleship.


   Attack on Titan Sword

   Make the Attack on Titan Sword

   This is an easy project that turns out great. You just need one sheet
   of foamboard. How to make the Attack on Titan Sword


   a miniature house

   How to make a miniature house

   Fun project and it all is very suited for making dollhouses too. This
   is foamboard at its best! And this tutorial includes a youtube video.
   How to Make a miniature house.


   Paper from Corn

   How to Make Paper from Corn

   Corn husk is very fibrous and that is great for paper. I show you how
   to use corn husks to make paper.


   PT Boat (PT-109) Make a Plastic Model PT Boat (PT-109)

   Fun little project and easy to build. I take you through the steps of
   making this military torpedo boat. And the commander of this boat was
   John F. Kennedy. I tell you about the amazing story of this boat during
   WWII. Make PT-109



   Damascus Steel Knife Make a Damascus Steel Knife -

   Damascus steel is challenging to make. But you don't have to make it
   for a knife. You can buy a blank and make a knife with it. I show you
   how in this tutorial: Make a Damascus Steel Knife Part 1 (I also have a
   video for it)


   Viking Shield Make a Viking Shield

   You can make this with foamboard or cardboard. Either way it comes out
   graet and is double layered for strength.

   Made just like they made the real shields.

   Make a Viking Shield


   Viking Sword and Helmet Make a Viking Sword and Helmet

   This is an easy project that you can make. And you only need a few
   supplies. I even give you the template for the sword. How to Make a
   Viking Sword and Helmet



   beehive New: Setting up the beehive - How to install a bee package

   Three pounds of bees is around 10,000 bees. How do you get them, and
   the queen, into the hive? You pour them! Check it out here: How to
   install a bee package into a hive.


   Make a Stained Glass window How to Make a Stained Glass window

   Stained glass is an art that almost died out. Good thing it didn't! It
   is beautiful and you can make it too. I show you how, step by step and
   I have a video to go with it. How to make a stained glass window.


   a Goldfish Tank New: How to Set up a Goldfish Tank

   I got myself three adorable goldfish. I am obsessed with them! Here is
   a tutorial on what to get and what to do if you want an easy start with
   an aquarium. How to Set up a goldfish aquarium


   a Spear Blacksmithing: How to Forge a Spear

   It is an interesting four step process to forging the tip of a spear. I
   use a piece of mild steel and show you how. I also have a video so you
   can watch how to do it. How to forge a spear


   Make a Model Submarine

   Model Submarine

   This is a wonderful little plastic model kit. I chose this one because
   it has the open side so you can see all the various stuff inside the
   sub. Fun skill level 4 which means it is a challenging build and I also
   have a video. Make a Model Submarine



   Make the Dark Souls Zweihander (Out of wood)

   Dark Souls Zweihander

   Big sword from the game Dark Souls. And we make it out of wood you can
   buy at the Home Depot (for strength). I show you how: Make the Dark
   Souls Zweihander


   Make the Dark Souls Silver Knight Straight Sword

   Silver Knight Straight Sword

   This is a good looking sword that is easy to make with foam board or
   cardboard. And I give you the template. You can have this done in no
   time at all. Make the Silver Knight Straight Sword


   Miniature trees How to Make Miniature trees from Household materials

   Miniature trees are expensive. But I have a nice alternative. You can
   make them with three materials: Brown paper, a kitchen sponge and glue.
   And they come out great. Make Miniature Trees


   a Nebula in a bottle Make a Nebula in a bottle

   A nebula is a beautiful object in the night sky. And you can have one
   on your bureau or desk. I show you how to make one with a few around
   the house items. Make a nebula in a bottle


   an Eight Inch Newtonian Reflector Telescope

   How to Make an Eight Inch Newtonian Reflector Telescope

   Wonderful telescope with good light gathering power. I take you through
   each step to make the complete optical tube assembly. This is part 1 of
   a two part series. Make an eight inch telescope


   the Kirkhammer from Bloodborne Make the Kirkhammer from Bloodborne

   This is a big hammer and it really works like the trick hammer. We also
   make the sword that goes in and out of the handle. Make the Kirkhammer


   Make the Monster Hunter Ravager Blade

   Monster Hunter Ravager Blade

   This is a spectacular sword! And it is Nine feet in length. And guess
   what? It only cost 23 dollars to make. I show you how to make the
   Monster Hunter Ravager Blade.


   Deadpool's Katanas and the Holster Make Deadpool's Katanas and the
   Holster

   You can have swords, and wear them, just like Deadpool does. And for
   fun I also give you the template so you can make a miniature set like I
   made for the dragonslayer. Make Deadpool's Katana and holster



   Lambent Light Make the Lambent Light from Sword Art Online (Asuna's
   Sword)

   This is the third sword in my series of SAO swords and this one uses a
   new technique to make the circular guard.

   Make the Lambent Light from Sword Art Online





   Knight's foam armor Cuisses Make a Knight's foam armor Cuisses

   The cuisses are the upper leg (thighs). And we attach them to the
   greaves. Easy project and these complete the foam armor knight project.
   How to make Knights Foam armor cuisses (I give you the template)



   Medieval Art and Drawing Box Make a Medieval Art and Drawing Box

   A way to organize and keep your drawing and art supplies. And under the
   lid we make a nice drawing surface so you can take it with you and have
   a place to draw and do art. Make a Medieval Art and drawing box.


   faux bookshelf books Make faux bookshelf books

   fun and easy foam project on how to make bookshelf books quickly. Make
   Faux Books



   Make a Flamberge

   a Flamberge

   Flamberge means "flame blade" and it is so named because of the wave of
   the blade. Fun and easy project that you can make in no time . Make a
   Flamberge


   a Wizard's Orrery Make a Wizard's Orrery

   An orrery is a mechanical device that shows the movement of celestial
   objects. We make one that shows the motions of the Sun the Earth and
   the Moon. And we do it with foam board. Make a Wizard's Orrery


   Make the Skyrim Steel Greatsword

   Skyrim Steel Greatsword

   This is a big sword. Four Feet in length. And I show you how to make it
   from regular size foamboard. Great looking sword that is very strong .
   Make the Steel Greatsword from Skyrim


   Make the Skyrim Steel Sword

   Skyrim Steel Sword

   Great looking sword made out of foamboard. And it is three layers thick
   which means it is strong enough to use. I also show you a nice techique
   for painting it to get this great steel look. Make the Steel Sword from
   Skyrim


   a Wizard's Pendulum Clock Make a Wizard's Pendulum Clock

   Using foamboard you can make a simple moon clock that rotates through
   the phases of the moon.

   It uses a single pin escapement which is an ingenious device. learn
   about clocks and how they work with this project.

   Make a Wizard's Pendulum clock




   Cheap Hobbies The Big List of Cheap Hobbies

   Looking for a new hobby but don't have a whole lot of money to spend? I
   have put together a very big list of suggestions. Find a new hobby
   today. The Big List of Cheap Hobbies


   the Resident Evil Zombie Killing Kukri blades

   Make the Resident Evil Zombie Killing Kukri blades

   This is an easy project that you can make in no time. All it takes is
   one sheet of foamboard and you can make both of them and even the
   shuriken. Of course I give you the template. Make the Resident Evil
   Kukri



   The Changing colors of steel The Changing colors of steel - This
   tutorial, with video shows you how the color of steel changes quite
   dramatically as it is heated. And why this is very important to a
   blacksmith. The changing color of forging steel


   a Plastic Model

   How to Make a Plastic Model

   I love making models. I have been doing it since I was a kid. It's a
   lot of fun and pretty inexpensive. Here I show you all the tips and
   techniques for doing a nice job of it. How to Make a Plastic Model

   Medieval Arrows Blacksmithing: Forge Medieval Arrows - This style of
   arrow tip is called a bodkin and it was used in the middle ages and the
   Renaissance. They are easy to make and I show you how. Forge medieval
   arrows


   foam armor Greaves

   Make foam armor Greaves

   Another piece in the series of foam armor pieces that I am doing.
   Almost done with the whole set. These are the lower legs and I show you
   how to make them out of foam yet make them look like metal. Make foam
   armor greaves


   P51 Mustang Make a Scale Model Airplane This is a great little plastic
   model kit (P51 Mustang). It is very inexpensive, easy to build and
   looks great. If you have never built a plastic model this one is a
   great first project. I have a complete tutorial and a video right here:
   Make a P51 Mustang


   Shoebox Space Diorama Make a Shoebox Space Diorama

   You can make a fun Space diorama where the astronaut is floating in
   space. I give you all the artwork. And you don't even need a shoebox. I
   show you how to make one out of cardboard or foamboard. Make a Shoebox
   Space Diorama


   Xena's Chakrams

   Make Xena's Chakrams

   This is an easy foam board project that comes out great. I give you
   three different templates so you can make different styles. Make Xena's
   Chakrams


   foam Knight's Armor Sabatons

   Make foam Knight's Armor Sabatons (feet)

   I continue in my series of tutorials on how to make armor out of foam.
   And now we make the Sabatons. Easy to make project and I give you the
   template with a choice of traditional or gothic style -
   Make foam armor Sabatons


   How to Make a Fantasy Map

   a Fantasy Map

   In the previous tutorial we made a big sheet of paper. Now, in this
   tutorial we turn it into a map of a fantasy world. I show you tips and
   techniques on how to do it and I also have a video. How to Make a big
   Fantasy Map


   Big Paper How to Make Big Paper!

   Wouldn't it be great to make a very big sheet of paper? I made one for
   a fantasy map I am working on. I show you how to do it right here: Make
   a Big Sheet of home made paper


   a foam armor Knight's Helmet Make a foam armor Knight's Helmet

   I continue in my series of tutorials on how to make armor out of foam.
   And now we make the helmet. And a neat thing about this helmet is that
   the visor goes up and down.

   Make a Foam Armor Knight's Helmet


   Make a Witcher 3 Sword with Glowing Runes

   Witcher 3 Sword

   This is an interesting and unique project where we make a sword with
   glowing runes. We use a string a LED's that cost seven dollars. Easy
   and fun and of course I give you the template. If you are a Witcher fan
   this is the project for you. Make a Witcher sword with Glowing Runes


   Craft Foam Armor Vambraces Make Craft Foam Armor Vambraces (Forearms)

   Craft foam is some terrific stuff. You can heat it up and shape it into
   armor. I show you how in this tutorial and I give you the template to
   make vambraces. Make Craft foam vambraces


   foam armor Chest Plate Make a foam armor Chest Plate

   I continue in my series of tutorials on how to make armor out of foam.
   And this chest plate is easy to make yet looks great. Check it out
   here: Make a Foam Armor Chest Plate


   a Roman Scutum Make a Roman Scutum

   Here is another curved foam board project. Interesting process for
   easily getting a beautifully curved shield. This is an easy project
   that looks great. And a terrific companion to my Roman Gladius sword
   project. Make a Roman Scutum.



   a Dragon Glass Dagger Game of Thrones: Make a Dragon Glass Dagger

   I show you how to mold plastic very easily to make this dagger from
   Game of Thrones. Easy easy project. And the plastic is quite amazing.
   You can make just about anything from it. Make a Dragon Glass Dagger


   a Miniature BattleMage How to Sculpt a Miniature

   In this tutorial I show you step by step how to sculpt a neat little
   fantasy miniature. I make a battlemage. I show you everything including
   the armature and the materials to use. How to Sculpt a Miniature
   BattleMage


   a Cardboard Catapult How to Make a Cardboard Catapult

   How about making a powerful little catapult out of a piece of
   cardboard, a pencil and a rubber band. Make a Cardboard Catapult


   Make the Burial Blade from Bloodborne

   the Burial Blade

   This is a foam board project that looks great. The blade comes off and
   it folds up just like in the game. Of course, I give you the template.
   Make the Burial Blade from Bloodborne


   DragonBone Sword

   Make the Skyrim DragonBone Sword

   Wonderful sword and built as if a dragon's bone is Iron banded to the
   handle. I like it! And of course I give you the template. Make the
   DragonBone Sword



   peach or pineapple fruit mead Make a peach or pineapple fruit mead

   If you have always wanted to make a fruit mead (melomel) you might want
   to check this tutorial out. I take you through the whole process from
   start to finish including bottling. Make a Peach or Pineapple Melomel



   a Wizard's Puzzle Box Make a Wizard's Puzzle Box

   It is a neat little chest to keep things in. But it also has a secret.
   Only you know the secret to opening it. Fun! I give you the template to
   make it. Just some foamboard and a hot glue gun! Make a Wizard's Puzzle
   Box


   Make a Sub Hilt knife

   a Sub Hilt knife

   This is a real knife making tutorial and I take you through all the
   steps from beginning to end. It is an interesting knife with an extra
   guard so the knife can't be pulled from your hand. Make a subhilt knife


   How to make a Sword Sheath out of foam

   a Sword Sheath

   Make a foam or cardboard weapon and want a good looking sheath
   (scabbard) to go with it? This is a great looking sheath and you just
   need a few supplies. How to make a sword sheath


  I HAVE LOTS MORE PROJECTS - Just Click here and continue on to check them
                                    out!


   [305-pixel-spacer.jpg]

   [INS: :INS]


   [newsletter-signup-2018.jpg]
