   #OpenStreetMap Foundation (en) OpenStreetMap Foundation Atom feed

   Jump to: content, navigation, search

Navigation menu

   (BUTTON)
     * Main page
     * About
     * Contact
     * FAQ

Privacy Policy

   From OpenStreetMap Foundation
   [ ]

Contents

     * 1 Introduction
     * 2 Why do we store and process personal data?
     * 3 What data do we store and process?
          + 3.1 Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap
          + 3.2 OSMF Membership Data
          + 3.3 Conference and Event Registration Data
     * 4 Who has access to the data
     * 5 Where do we store the data
     * 6 How can you control the processing of your data and reduce
       privacy related issues
     * 7 Right to Object
     * 8 Detailed Information
          + 8.1 GPS Trace Data
          + 8.2 Map Data
          + 8.3 User 'home' location
          + 8.4 Email Addresses
               o 8.4.1 Gravatar
          + 8.5 Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary
            posts
          + 8.6 Data we receive automatically
          + 8.7 Third party provided services and data
          + 8.8 Communication via OSMF provided Systems
          + 8.9 Account Removal
          + 8.10 Cookies
     * 9 Other Relevant Policies
     * 10 Contact

Introduction

   This document states the OpenStreetMap privacy policy for services
   formally operated and provided by the OpenStreetMap Foundation (OSMF).
   In particular these are
     * the openstreetmap.org website and associated services and APIs,
     * the OpenStreetMap data distribution,
     * the OpenStreetMap wiki and help sites,
     * the OpenStreetMap mailing lists and forums.

   It describes what personal information we may be gathering from you,
   who can see this information, and what options you have for controlling
   this. We value your privacy and strive to achieve a balance between the
   legitimate interests of the OpenStreetMap project and your interests
   and rights.

   This document is mainly intended for OpenStreetMap contributors, if you
   are using services provided by the OSMF without contributing, section
   Data we receive automatically will be most relevant for you.

   As the OSMF has many legacy systems and practices that have currently
   not been fully reviewed and documented, it is possible that a subject
   of particular interest to you has not been covered yet or is
   inaccurately described. Please use the contact information if you have
   any such questions or believe that you have found a discrepancy. As we
   will be updating this document regularly to reflect our better
   understanding of these issues, please check from time to time for
   updates.

   OpenStreetMap developers, contributors and related companies will often
   use the OpenStreetMap name and logo to set up groups or services on
   third-party web sites. For example, there might be a Facebook page, a
   Google Plus page, a Slack channel, a page on Xing or LinkedIn, a Meetup
   group, and so on. The privacy practices of such services are outside of
   OSMF's control and might be located in countries with different data
   protection rules. Data you share on these platforms cannot, therefore,
   be covered by this policy. Please refer to the privacy policies of
   those third-party services.

Why do we store and process personal data?

   The purpose of the OpenStreetMap project and the OSMF is to provide
   open geographic data, such as street maps, to anyone.

   To fulfill the goal of distributing data that is truly open, untethered
   by rights of third parties and of high quality, we do not support
   anonymous contributions and retain additional, non-geographic, data on
   a legitimate interest basis (see GDPR article 6.1f ), to enable:
     * identifying all the contributions made by an account,
     * contacting the contributor in the case of questions in respect to
       the nature and source of the contributions,
     * detection, removal and correction of spam accounts, vandallism and
       violations of the rights of third parties,
     * facilitating the communication between OpenStreetMap contributors.
     * research and analysis on aggregate contributions to improve or
       prioritise OSMF services, such as evaluating mapping efficacy, map
       completeness, determining if locations or mappers are
       disproportionately represented.

What data do we store and process?

Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap

   Besides the geographic data contributed (points lines, and areas with
   associated attributes and GPS trace data), and communications related
   data (diary posts and comments, the user page, changeset comments,
   messages) we store
     * editing session meta-data. For example comments added by the user,
       any version and similar information added by the editing
       application, which editing application and which aerial imagery
       layers where used.
     * user id and login name of the author of every change to an object
       and a timestamp when that change occured.
     * the e-mail address associated with your account,
     * any blocks the user has received and associated messages.
     * network access data (example IP addresses) for the systems and
       services operated by the OSMF. see Data we receive automatically .

OSMF Membership Data

   The full personal name and residential address of members of the
   organisation according to the companies act are, by law, required to be
   added to the OSMF register of members. Terminating membership does not
   lead to the entry being deleted. Associate members are not required to
   provide their full details and the information can be deleted if
   membership is terminated. Payment details for both classes of members
   is retained for accounting purposes as long as required by law. The
   processing of this data is necessary for compliance with a legal
   obligation (see GDPR article 6.1c).

   More details on OSMF membership options can be found on
   https://join.osmfoundation.org/.

Conference and Event Registration Data

   Some events organized by the OSMF require prior registration to be able
   to participate, most notably our annual State of the Map conference.
   This data is required to verify payment of entry fees, planning of
   venues, catering and scheduling of talks and presentations and is
   visible to the group organizing the event. The processing of this data
   is necessary for the performance of a contract (see GDPR article 6.1b).

Who has access to the data

   We do not share email addresses associated with accounts with any third
   party and they are only accessible to our operations and working group
   personnel that have signed confidentiality agreements. User to user
   messages are visible to the sender and recipient, other access is
   limited to our operations staff and only if required for operational
   reasons, to enforce our acceptable use policies, to fulfil any legal
   obligations and most notably to prevent SPAM.

   Similarly, network access data is only used for internal purposes and
   access is limited to operating personnel for operational and vandalism
   and SPAM protection purposes.

   The other data is made available, depending on the use case, via the
   website, via the editing API and from our data dumps, to users with
   accounts and to the general public. Some of the non-geographic data may
   be available only by some methods however this is subject to change.

   To reduce the distribution of the non-geographic information we offer
   our data dumps with and without the additional data. Entities that
   require and process the additional data can register with the OSMF and
   you can find contact information for them here: Registered data
   controllers. We do not contract with them and any processing of the
   data carried out by such entities is done on their own behalf.

Where do we store the data

   The website, API servers, databases and the servers for auxiliary
   services are currently located in the United Kingdom and the
   Netherlands.

   Map tiles are provided by a global network of cache servers, which tile
   server your browser or app access is determined dynamically by
   geolocation of the IP address and selection of the cache server
   "nearest" to you. While in general this means that you will be using
   the tile cache physically nearest to you, this can be affected by
     * uncertainties in determining the location of the client from its IP
       address
     * operational issues (server downtime etc)
     * network topology and load

   The current list of tile cache servers can be found here:
   https://hardware.openstreetmap.org/#tile-caches and you can determine
   which one is currently being used with the following link
   https://tile.openstreetmap.org/cgi-bin/debug.

How can you control the processing of your data and reduce privacy related
issues

   While not required by law, we provide the following mechanism to reduce
   the exposure of potentially privacy related information for you.
     * you can select a non identifying login name and change it at any
       time you want,
     * you are not required to include personal data in diary posts,
       comments, email listserv, the wiki, or other OSM communications
       methods, and you may delete diary posts at any time through your
       account,
     * you can request your account to be deleted (restrictions see below)
       and this will be conveyed to registered entities that are using our
       full data.

   You should not enable gravatar support or use an e-mail address you
   have associated with a gravatar with if privacy is a concern.

   You can further reduce exposure by not adding personal information to
   the map data (personal names and similar). Such information is in
   general not considered to be an useful addition to our data and you
   should refrain from adding it.

Right to Object

   You have a right to object against processing based on legitimate
   interests of the data controller.

Detailed Information

GPS Trace Data

   The uploading of GPS data is entirely optional and not a prerequisite
   for contributions to OpenStreetMap. If you do submit GPS data, it is
   uploaded in the form of individual GPX files. These are kept as raw
   files, as well as imported into the database. GPX files can be marked
   "public" by the uploader; this is completely unrelated to the option of
   making one's edits "public".

   When GPS data for an area is downloaded via the API no indication is
   provided of which user uploaded a point, or of the timestamp that was
   associated with the point. Points are however returned in timestamp
   order. GPS data downloaded in this way will include points from traces
   which were not marked as public.

   If a GPS trace is marked as public when it is uploaded then the raw
   trace may be downloaded from the web site or using an API call. In this
   case the user's display name is shown (regardless of whether the user
   has made their edits public) and the timestamps in the GPX file will be
   included. Also, any additional information placed in the GPX file will
   still be present, e.g. waypoints with their names and/or notes entered,
   associated symbols, elevation data, etc. You should remove any such
   information from the data and trim enough information from beginning
   and end of the trace to obscure start and destination before uploading
   it if you have privacy concerns

Map Data

   All edits made to the map are recorded in the database with the user ID
   of the user making the change, and a timestamp at the time of change
   upload. In general all of this information is also made available to
   everyone via the website, including links to allow everyone to easily
   cross-reference which user has made which edit.

   Editing programs (such as JOSM and iD) can store further data in the
   database that may be relevant to your privacy. Please refer to the
   respective authors and distributors of the programs for more
   information. For example, iD and JOSM may add the language settings of
   your device to the metadata of each changeset and the make and
   operating system of the device may be visible from the transmitted
   version strings.

User 'home' location

   If a user sets a home location then they will appear on the "nearby
   mappers" list for other people with a home location near theirs. This
   is an option on your account settings page.

Email Addresses

   The registered email address for an OSM user account will never
   intentionally be published on the internet anywhere, shared with third
   party organisations, or revealed directly to other users. Email
   addresses will be used by the server to notify the user if another user
   has sent a message through the website, and for other system generated
   notifications.

   Only System Administrators will have direct access to email address
   data associated with the OSM account. It may be used by these people to
   contact users directly about their edits or other OpenStreetMap related
   issues.

   Email addresses associated with wiki, forum and help site accounts are
   stored separately from the OSM user account data in the respective
   systems. These address are used for notifications and user to user
   communication (if enabled). These addresses are not publicly visible or
   shared with third parties, but may be visible to the administrators of
   the systems.

   Note that some other types of Accounts used by developers/community do
   expose email address information more publicly (due to technical
   limitations of the software used, rather than policy decisions). The
   Trac system exposes your email address in plaintext on the page if the
   email address (rather than the display name) is used to login. The
   mailing list system exposes email addresses of people posting messages
   to everyone who receives the message, as well as in the archive web
   pages. If you want to post to the list, the system also requires you to
   register with your proper 'from' address, not a forwarding address.

Gravatar

   The openstreetmap.org website supports the display of Gravatars, these
   are retrieved from gravatar.com by generating a globally unique key
   from your e-mail address. Our website software will check on the
   initial signup and on every email address change if you have a Gravatar
   for the new address and start displaying it if one exists. You can stop
   this behaviour by explicitly turning Gravatar support off in your
   account settings. You should be aware that, if a Gravatar is displayed,
   the key can be used to track your account over any website that has
   Gravatar support.

Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary posts

   You are not required to fill out your profile or make diary posts. By
   voluntarily entering personal data in your user profile or diary posts,
   you consent to that information being publicly available and stored by
   OSMF as long as you maintain an OSM account. You may edit your public
   profile or your diary posts at any time to remove such information if
   you change your mind.

Data we receive automatically

   The OSMF operates a number of services for the OpenStreetMap community,
   examples are the openstreetmap.org website, the "Standard" style online
   map, the OSM API and the nominatim search facility.

   When you visit an OSMF website, access any of the services via a
   browser or via applications that utilize the provided APIs, records of
   that use are produced, we collect information about your browser or
   application and your interaction with our website, including (a) IP
   address, (b) browser and device type, (c) operating system, (d)
   referring web page, (e) the date and time of page visits, and (f) the
   pages accessed on our websites.

   Further we may operate user interaction tracking software that will
   generate additional records of user activity, for example Piwik.

   Services that use Geo-DNS or similar mechanisms to distribute load to
   geographically distributed servers will potentially generate a record
   of your location at a large scale (for example the OSMF tile cache
   network determines the country you are likely to be located in and
   directs your requests to an appropriate server).

   These records are used or can be used in the following ways:
     * in support of the operation of the services from a technical,
       security and planning point of view.
     * as anonymised, summarised data for research and other purposes.
       Such data may be offered publicly via
       https://planet.openstreetmap.org or other channels and used by 3rd
       parties.
     * to improve the OpenStreetMap dataset. For example by analysing
       nominatim queries for missing addresses and postcodes and providing
       such data to the OSM community.

   The data collected on the systems will be accessible by the system
   administrators and the appropriate OSMF working groups, for example the
   Data Working Group. No personal information or information that is
   linked to an individual will be released to third parties, except as
   required by law.

   IP addresses stored by Piwik are shortened to two bytes and detailed
   usage information is retained for 180 days.

   Given the temporary nature of this storage, it is generally not
   feasible for us to provide access to IP addresses or the logs
   associated with them.

   The above mentioned data is processed on a legitimate interest basis
   (see GDPR article 6.1f ).

Third party provided services and data

   Third party services providing content linked to via or third party
   JavaScript files utilised by OSMF provided sites are not covered by
   this policy and you will need to refer to the respective service
   providers for more information. Using these services will typically
   transmit at least your Internet address and browser information to the
   operators.

   These are specifically

     * Cycle and Transport Map layers available via the openstreetmap.org
       website operated by Gravitystorm Limited, New Malden, United
       Kingdom
     * Humanitarian map layer available via the openstreetmap.org website
       operated by the OpenStreetMap France c/o Maison des Associations du
       2ème Arrondissement, 23 rue Greneta, 75002 Paris
     * overpass-api used by the query function on the openstreetmap.org
       website operated by FOSSGIS e.V., Römerweg 5, 79199 Kirchzarten,
       Germany
     * 3rd party service integrations in editing applications available
       from openstreetmap.org:
          + background layers, see the Editor Layer Index for information
            on the operators of the numerous imagery layers.
          + Mapillary street-level imagery is provided by Mapillary AB,
            Bredgatan 4, 211 30 Malmö, Sweden, privacy policy.
          + OpenStreetCam street-level imagery is provided by Telenav,
            Inc. USA, privacy policy.
     * Gravatar images in user profiles that display these are provided by
       Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd., Business Centre, No.1 Lower Mayor
       Street, International Financial Services Centre, Dublin 1, Ireland
       privacy policy

Communication via OSMF provided Systems

   The OSM community uses a number of channels for public and
   inter-personal communication. Some of the systems are operated and
   controlled by third parties and can be located in countries other than
   the UK. You will need to refer to the respective service providers for
   more information.

   These 3rd party operated systems are:
     * Mailboxes for the OSMF e-mail addresses are provided by Google LLC,
       1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043. USA
     * IRC channels on the OFTC network
     * openstreetmap Organisation and source code repositories on Github

   By using those systems that are provided by the OSMF, for example the
   messaging system on openstreetmap.org, you agree to your communications
   being intercepted by OSMF system managers when necessary to address
   operational issues, to enforce our acceptable use policies, most
   notably to prevent SPAM, and to fulfil any legal obligations.

   You should be aware of the above when communicating sensitive
   information and you should employ encryption to protect your
   communications content.

Account Removal

   You can request your account to be removed and we will honor such
   requests as far as possible.

   If you have not actively contributed to the project we will not retain
   any records, user page, diary posts and similar will be removed.

   If you have contributed your account will be renamed to user_USERID and
   contributions and changeset comments will be retained with this name,
   diary entries and your user page will be removed. Since we do not allow
   anonymous edits we will non-publicly retain your email address in case
   you need to be contacted with respect to your contributions.

   Wiki and forum accounts will be renamed to a pseudo-anonymous name, but
   otherwise will remain as is. You can unsubscribe yourself from any
   mailing lists, however you need to realize that personal copies held by
   the recipients of any mails you sent to the lists and the archives on
   lists.openstreetmap.org can not be removed.

   In your request for account removal you need to identify all accounts
   that are affected as we do not have information on which accounts
   belong to which OpenStreetMap id.

Cookies

   Numerous OSMF operated services use cookies to store information on
   your login and site navigation state. We also use cookies and similar
   technologies to recognize and improve your use of our websites.. You
   may delete cookies from your computer, and most browsers provide the
   option to block them. If you block cookies placed by us (first party
   cookies), you will not be able to access parts of the OSMF websites and
   services that require a login. However, your access to our websites
   will not be affected if you disable cookies placed by third parties.

Other Relevant Policies

   As well as privacy issues, users and contributors must also be aware of
   the OpenStreetMap License. This includes disclaimers. We also have an
   Acceptable Use Policy covering various types of server usage.

Contact

   If you have questions or concerns with respect to this policy, please
   contact the OSMF via our Contact channels.

   If you believe that we hold information that would allow us to correct,
   amend, or delete inaccurate information about you or if you believe
   that information about you has been processed in violation of this
   privacy policy please email us at privacy@osmfoundation.org . Note that
   you may change your username, email associated with your account, and
   ‘home’ location through your account without contacting the OSMF.
   Retrieved from
   "https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/w/index.php?title=Privacy_Policy&oldid=
   6325"

Personal tools

     * English
     * Log in

     * This page was last edited on 10 August 2019, at 07:49.
     * Content is available under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike
       2.0 license unless otherwise noted.

Namespaces

     * Page
     * Discussion

   [ ]

Variants

Views

     * View
     * View source
     * History

   [ ]

More

Search

   ____________________ Search Go

Navigation

     * Main page
     * OSMF Blog
     * Donate
     * Join OSMF
     * Recent changes

Tools

     * What links here
     * Related changes
     * Special pages
     * Printable version
     * Permanent link
     * Page information
     * Cite this page

   Powered by MediaWiki
