   #RSS

   SIPTA

The Society for Imprecise Probability: Theories and Applications

   home

   This is the home page of SIPTA (Society for Imprecise Probability:
   Theories and Applications).

   Here you can find information about the conferences and the schools
   that the Society organizes.

   We also provide some sources for information about imprecise
   probabilities mantained by SIPTA.

   A description of the Society, its aims, articles and executive
   committee is reported, too.
   Announcements
     * The 12th Workshop on Principles and Methods of Statistical
       Inference with Interval Probability will take place in Durham, UK,
       from the 9th to the 13th of September. WPMSIIP is an annual
       workshop on interval probability, or more generally imprecise
       probability, and related statistical inference. The explicit aim of
       the workshop is to stimulate discussion on ongoing research and
       open problems. Participants can of course present recent results if
       relevant for such discussions, but they can also just introduce
       open problems. WPMSIIP 2019 returns to Durham, where the workshop
       series was started in 2008.
       The local organising committee is composed by Louis Aslett, Frank
       Coolen, Tahani Coolen-Maturi and Daniel Krpelik (Durham
       University). More information is available on the WPMSIIP 2019
       workshop website. For any questions feel free to contact Prof Frank
       Coolen (frank.coolen@durham.ac.uk) or Dr Tahani Coolen-Maturi
       (tahani.maturi@durham.ac.uk).
     * The Eleventh International Symposium on Imprecise Probabilities:
       Theories and Applications took ISIPTA back to its roots: twenty
       years after its first edition, it returned to the medieval city
       centre of Ghent. What have we learned since then? Which questions
       still remain open? And what problems should we tackle next? The
       local organising committee is composed by Jasper De Bock, Gert de
       Cooman, Alexander Erreygers, Arne Decadt and Natan T'Joens of Ghent
       University. More information is available on the ISIPTA 2019
       conference website.
     * SIPTA co-sponsored the 8th International Workshop on Reliable
       Engineering Computing (REC 2018), which took place in Liverpool, on
       July 16-18 2018. The workshop was organised by the Institute for
       Risk and Uncertainty. The event was chaired by Professor Scott
       Ferson, University of Liverpool. For enquiries, please email
       info@riskinstitute.org.uk. More information is available from REC
       2018 webpage.
     * The Eigth SIPTA School on Imprecise Probabilities was held in
       Oviedo, Spain, on July 24-28 2018. The local organization was
       handled by the UNIMODE and the Metrology and Models Research Units
       of the Department of Statistics of the University of Oviedo. More
       information is available at the school website.
     * The 10th Workshop on Principles and Methods of Statistical
       Inference with Interval Probability (WPMSIIP) has taken place in
       Compiegne, France, from the 11 to 15 September 2017. The event was
       co-located with the second workshop on uncertainty in machine
       learning.
     * The 10th ISIPTA conference has taken place in Lugano on July 10-14
       2017. The conference was co-located with the ECSQARU conference,
       something that might happen again in the future with other sister
       events.
     * The SIPTA Blog is now online! The blog is edited by our Executive
       Editor. Everyone in the SIPTA Community can contribute! Please
       contact the Executive Editor if you are interested in doing so. We
       see it as an electronic continuation of the Newsletter, so do not
       hesitate to send us contributions (reports on meetings, book or
       recent literature reviews, interviews, software presentations,...)
       or request an account in case you would like to make regular posts.

   New Papers in Imprecise Probability
   (read more, subscribe RSS )
     * Combining Second-Order Belief Distributions with Qualitative
       Statements in Decision Analysis (pdf)
     * Characterization of a coherent upper conditional prevision as the
       Choquet integral with respect to its associated Hausdorff outer
       measure (pdf)
     * Notes on desirability and conditional lower previsions (pdf)
     * Belief functions combination without the assumption of independence
       of the information sources (pdf)
     * Likelihood-based inference for probabilistic graphical models: Some
       preliminary results (pdf)
     * Exchangeable lower previsions (pdf)
     * Imprecise Probabilities based on Generalized Intervals for System
       Reliability Assessment (pdf)
     * Bounding Uncertainty in Civil Engineering (pdf)
     * Building knowledge-based systems by credal networks: a tutorial
       (pdf)
     * Representing uncertainty on set-valued variables using belief
       functions (pdf)
     * Conditional models: coherence and inference through sequences of
       joint mass functions (pdf)
     * A study of Bayesian approximations of belief functions in the
       probability simplex (pdf)
     * Three alternative combinatorial formulations of the theory of
       evidence (pdf)
     * The geometry of consonant belief functions: simplicial complexes of
       possibility measures (pdf)
     * A consonant approximation of the product of independent consonant
       random sets (pdf)
     * Bayesian Estimation with Uncertain Parameters of Probability
       Density Functions (pdf)
     * State Estimation with Sets of Densities considering Stochastic and
       Systematic Errors (pdf)
     * Nonlinear Bayesian Estimation with Convex Sets of Probability
       Densities (pdf)
     * Reliable hidden Markov model filtering through coherent lower
       previsions (pdf)
     * Multiple model tracking by imprecise Markov trees (pdf)

     * HOME
     * CONFERENCES, SCHOOLS and SPECIAL SESSIONS
     * RESOURCES AND TUTORIALS
     * THE SOCIETY
     * BLOG

Last update July 31, 2019 | webmaster
