   [logo_login.png]
   X

WELCOME

   PLEASE LOGIN TO CONTINUE

   ____________________
   ____________________ ____________________
   SIGN IN
   Forgot password?
   Forgot user ID?

   [logo_login.png]
   X

WELCOME

   PLEASE ENTER YOUR INVITATION CODE TO CONTINUE

   ____________________
   CONTINUE
   Need an invitation code? Contact us!

   Clipcentric, Inc. Logo
     * HOME
     * PLATFORM
     * AD FORMATS
     * AD FORMATS
     * SOLUTIONS
     * ABOUT
     * SIGNUP
     * LOGIN
     * USER PORTAL

   [ukoymNyIWDnqUppMNGUwAAAAA1JREFU9GvUqPHG8f8BDa7OBwhhiUkAAAAASUVORK5CYII
   =]

Clipcentric, Inc. Privacy Policy

Notice: Our Privacy Policy has Changed

   Effective Date: November 27, 2018

Contents

     * Introduction
     * Data Protection Legislation; Data Controllers, Processors & Legal
       Basis
     * Classification of Information
     * » Personal Data
     * » Non-Personal Data
     * Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage
     * » Html Forms
     * » Http Cookies
     * » Server Log Files
     * » IP Address
     * » User Agent String
     * » Unique Ids
     * » Tracking Pixels
     * » Local Storage
     * » Local Shared Objects
     * » Click-through Redirects
     * » Iframes
     * » Precise Device Location
     * » Imprecise Device Location
     * Policy for Platform Customers
     * Policy for Site Visitors
     * » Information Collection Methods and Use by Clipcentric
     * » » Personal Data
     * » » » Automatically Collected Data
     * » » » Data you Knowingly Submit
     * » » Non-Personal Data
     * » Information Collection Methods and Use by Third Parties
     * » » Analytics Partners
     * » » Links to Third Parties
     * Policy for Ad Viewers
     * » Information Collection Methods and Use by Clipcentric
     * » » Personal Data
     * » » » Automatically Collected Data
     * » » » Data you Knowingly Submit
     * » » Non-Personal Data
     * » Information Collection Methods and Use by Third Parties
     * » » Customer Custom Content
     * » » Customer Selected Third Party Widgets
     * » Transfer of Information to Third Parties
     * Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies
     * » Cookie Opt-Out
     * » Preventing Malicious Activity; Black Lists
     * » Sharing of Information
     * » How we secure your Personal Information
     * » User Access and Choice
     * » Clipcentric as a Data Processor of Other Customer Controlled Data
     * » Children's Privacy
     * » California Privacy Rights
     * Self-Regulatory Frameworks
     * » EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
     * » Transfer to Agents
     * Changes to This Policy
     * Regulatory Oversight
     * Questions Regarding Privacy

Introduction

   Contents » Introduction
   Clipcentric, Inc. ("Clipcentric", "We", "Us", "Our") operates a
   creative management and distribution platform (the "Clipcentric
   Platform") that We provide, in conjunction with related services
   ("Clipcentric Services"), to advertisers, media publishers, advertising
   agencies, or other advertising related entities who have entered into a
   licensing agreement ("Platform Agreement") with Us ("Platform
   Customers").
   Platform Customers may use this website (the "Clipcentric Site") as a
   point of entry to the Clipcentric Platform and Clipcentric Services for
   the purposes of (i) creating a variety of digital advertisements
   ("Clipcentric Ads"), (ii) preparing the Clipcentric Ads for
   distribution to a variety of websites, applications or other media
   properties that they own or operate, or that are owned or operated by
   third parties with whom they have agreements ("Customer Distribution
   Partners"), (iii) obtaining reporting data regarding the performance of
   Clipcentric Ads, and (iv) administering other aspects of their business
   relationship with Us.
   When an individual visits or is exposed to a Customer Distribution
   Partner, that individual may then be shown a Clipcentric Ad (in this
   case, the individual is an "Ad Viewer").
   As part of the Clipcentric Platform and Services, We may also make a
   variety of media content (e.g. video clips, music tracks, photographs
   and other digital graphics) available to our Platform Customers for use
   in their Clipcentric Ads. Some of this content may be provided to us by
   third party contributors with whom we have contractual agreements
   ("Content Contributors"). For the purposes of this privacy policy
   ("Privacy Policy"), provisions regarding Platform Customers shall also
   apply to Content Contributors.
   Prospective Platform Customers or those seeking information on Our
   products and services may visit the Clipcentric Site to learn more
   about Us ("Site Visitors").
   We take the privacy concerns of Clipcentric Platform Customers, Ad
   Viewers, and Site Visitors seriously. This Privacy Policy governs
   Clipcentric's online information collection and use for: (i) Platform
   Customers, (ii) Site Visitors, and (iii) Ad Viewers.
   This Privacy Policy also applies to any information an individual may
   provide to Clipcentric or that Clipcentric may collect offline and/or
   through other means (for example, via telephone, or through the mail).
   This Privacy Policy describes what information We collect, how it is
   used and the choices available regarding Our use of information that We
   collect, including personal information, and how you can access and
   update this information.

Data Protection Legislation; Data Controllers, Processors and Legal Basis

   Contents » Data Protection Legislation; Data Controllers, Processors
   and Legal Basis
   Laws regarding the collection and use of Personal Data may vary for
   individuals from different geographical regions. Clipcentric adheres to
   all applicable legislation, which may include the US FTC Act, the US
   Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the EU General Data
   Processing Regulation (GDPR), the Federal Data Protection Act of 19
   June 1992 (Switzerland), the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (AUS Privacy
   Act), and other similar legislation (collectively "Data Protection
   Legislation").
   Some Data Protection Legislation delineates entities that determine the
   purpose, conditions and means of processing Personal Data ("Data
   Controllers") from entities that process Personal Data on behalf of a
   Data Controller ("Data Processors").
   Clipcentric may act as a Data Controller or a Data Processor, depending
   on the type of information collected, the method of collection, and the
   use of the information. Throughout this Privacy Policy, We indicate our
   role as a Data Controller or Data Processor wherever We describe Our
   methods and use for handling Personal Data.
   Clipcentric's legal basis for collecting and utilizing Personal Data of
   individuals, including individuals from the European Economic Area
   (EEA), will depend on the type of Personal Data concerned and the
   specific context in which it is collected.
   We will not intentionally collect Personal Data from you unless (a) you
   have provided your consent to do so, (b) We need the Personal Data to
   deliver the Clipcentric Platform or provide the Clipcentric Services,
   (c) We have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you, or
   (d) where the collection and processing of the Personal Data is in Our
   or a third-party's legitimate interests, which shall not be overridden
   by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
   Where We rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have
   the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. The
   withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing
   based on consent prior to its withdrawal.
   Should you have additional questions or require further clarification
   concerning the legal basis for which We collect and use your Personal
   Data, or if you wish to modify your consent preferences or request for
   us to modify, delete or transfer your Personal Data, please contact us
   at privacyrequest@clipcentric.com.

Classification of Information

   Contents » Classification of Information
   The information collection and use policies described in this Privacy
   Policy refer to two types of information that may be collected from
   natural people: (i) Non-Personal Data and (ii) Personal Data, defined
   as follows:

Non-Personal Data

   Contents » Classification of Information » Non-Personal Data
   Non-Personal Data is any information that is not, on its own, used to
   contact, identify or precisely locate an individual. Examples of
   Non-Personal Data include browser type (e.g., Netscape or Internet
   Explorer), operating system (e.g., Macintosh or Windows).

Personal Data

   Contents » Classification of Information » Personal Data
   Personal Data generally considered to be information that can be used
   to directly or indirectly contact, identify or precisely locate an
   individual, however, the explicit definition of what constitutes
   Personal Data may vary depending on where you live. Examples of
   Personal Data may include: name, email address, postal address,
   telephone number, social security number, precise device location data,
   government issued-identifier, unique user ids, and credit card or other
   financial account numbers. To the extent that the Personal Data of an
   individual is collected, stored or used, that individual is known as a
   "Data Subject". In some jurisdictions, the IP Address from which a Data
   Subject accesses an online service may be considered Personal Data.

Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage
   To assist readers with understanding some of the information collection
   technologies referred to in this Privacy Policy, brief descriptions are
   included here, along with links to resources for more information. This
   list may not be complete and some of these collection technologies may
   not apply to you. Details on how these technologies are used to collect
   information may depend on whether you are (i) a Platform Customer, (ii)
   a Site Visitor, or (iii) an Ad Viewer, while some of the below details
   apply to all individuals. These details are described in following
   sections:
     * Policy for Platform Customers
     * Policy for Site Visitors
     * Policy for Ad Viewers
     * Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies

Html Forms

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Html Forms
   Html Forms are input fields where individuals may enter information
   that is collected by the host application. Html forms may request
   Personal Data, and it is up to the individual whether or not to enter
   such information. For example, Html forms are often used for user
   registrations and "Contact Us" information requests, where the
   individual supplies contact information in order to be contacted by
   email, telephone or other means.

Http Cookies

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Http Cookies
   Http Cookies (also known as browser cookies, or simply cookies) are
   small files that are stored on a user's computer via a web browser.
   They are designed to hold a modest amount of data specific to a
   particular browser (e.g. Firefox) and website (i.e. domain). Cookies
   are used because they are a convenient way of carrying information from
   one session on a website to another, or between sessions on related
   websites. A cookie consists of (i) a name, by which it is referenced,
   (ii) the domain to which it is attached, i.e. facebook.com or
   tr.clipcentric.com, (iii) a number of key/value pairs, such as
   loggedin=yes or gender=male, and (iv) its duration, or how long before
   the cookie is deleted, e.g. when the browser window is closed, 90 days
   or forever. You can view or delete any cookies that are stored by your
   browser using browser tools.

Server Log Files

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Server Log Files
   Server Log Files contain a list of requests received by a webserver or
   delivery network. Almost all the websites you visit, or any of the
   applications you access online generate log files that may include
   visitor IP Addresses, operating systems, browsers type, referring/exit
   pages, ISP and device information. This information is typically used
   to monitor site/application traffic, usage patterns and trends,
   timestamps and clickstream data, as well as to troubleshoot errors and
   problem areas.

IP Address

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   IP Address
   An IP Address is a fundamental identifier used for communication over
   the internet. It is a number that is usually automatically assigned to
   the computer that you are using by your internet service provider (ISP)
   or by another organization. When your browser makes any request over
   the internet, your IP Address must be included with the request so that
   the server processing the request knows where to send the reply. Upon
   the server receiving such a request, the related IP Addresses are
   commonly stored in Server Log Files. While an IP Address, by itself,
   cannot in most cases identify you personally, when combined with other
   information, your IP Address could be used to identify the computer you
   are using. Your IP Address may also be used to estimate your Imprecise
   Device Location. In some jurisdictions, your IP Address alone may be
   considered Personal Data, while in other jurisdictions, it may be
   considered Non-Personal Data.

User Agent Strings

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   User Agent Strings
   User Agent Strings are a series of characters automatically sent with
   your internet requests that provide information designed to enable
   effective internet communications such as the operating system and
   browser you used. User Agent Strings also commonly include information
   the webpage you were on when the request was made. User Agent Strings
   are commonly stored in Server Log Files. Similar to an IP Address, a
   User Agent String, by itself, does not identify you personally.
   However, when combined with other information, a User Agent String
   might be used to construct a Unique Id, which could be used to identify
   the computer originating a request.

Unique IDs

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Unique IDs
   Unique IDs are identification numbers or strings that are used to
   identify a particular user or device. Unique IDs may be created from
   elements of Server Log Files, including IP Addresses and User Agent
   Strings, or be passed directly from one party to another. Unique IDs
   may be truly unique to a user, browser, device or platform, or may rely
   on statistical methods to correlate users, browsers, devices or
   platforms with user activity.

Tracking Pixels

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Tracking Pixels
   Tracking Pixels (also known as Clear Gifs, Web Beacons) are invisible
   1x1 pixel images that are requested from a remote server via a url that
   typically contains small strings of encoded information, which may in
   part be determined by Embedded Scripts and Http Cookies. When a
   Tracking Pixel is requested from a server, that server may decode and
   process this information, for example, storing it to Server Log Files
   for future analysis.

Embedded Scripts

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Embedded Scripts
   Embedded Scripts are programming code snippets that, in addition to
   other functionality, may be designed to collect information about your
   interactions with a website or website component (including
   advertisements), such as the links you click on. Embedded Scripts may
   set or read Http Cookies, use Tracking Pixels or employ virtually any
   other information collection technology. Embedded Scripts may be
   temporarily downloaded onto your device from an application's web
   server, or the server of a third party provider. An Embedded Scripts is
   active only while you are connected to the website containing the
   Embedded Scripts, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

Local Storage

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Local Storage
   Local Storage is another method of storing information locally on a
   user's computer, via a web browser. Storing information using Local
   Storage is similar to using a Http Cookie, but allows for the storing
   of a greater amount of data with improved performance and increased
   security, as no information is transferred from the browser to a web
   server. Local Storage may be cleared at the end of a browser session
   (Session Storage), or be stored indefinitely (until removed by an
   application or end-user). Like Http Cookies, Local Storage is per
   origin (per domain and protocol). All pages, from one origin, can store
   and access the same data. Therefore, the concepts of First Party Local
   Storage and Third Party Local Storage exist, just like with Http
   Cookies. For more information, please refer to
   https://www.w3.org/TR/webstorage/.

Local Shared Objects

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Local Shared Objects
   Local Shared Objects, also known as Flash® cookies, is a method of
   storing information utilizing the Adobe Flash® player. Flash cookies
   are different from Http Cookie because of the amount of, type of, and
   how data is stored. For example, Local Shared Objects can be stored or
   retrieved for a particular domain whenever a user accesses a page
   containing a Flash application. While this "same domain restriction" is
   similar to that of Http Cookie, Local Shared Objects are persistent
   across sessions using different browsers (e.g. Chrome and MSIE). Local
   Shared Objects are commonly used to store preferences, track
   application data (such as game stats) or track a user's activity within
   the domain.

Click-through Redirects

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Click-through Redirects
   A Click-through Redirect is a method for a third party to track a click
   on an advertisement. Rather than the ad click immediately resulting in
   your browser opening the target webpage, your request is "relayed" or
   "redirected" through an intermediary webserver, which can then store
   information pertaining to the click-through in Server Log Files. The
   intermediary webserver may set a Http Cookie during a Click-through
   Redirect.

Iframes

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Iframes
   Iframes are a web technology that enable a nested browsing context,
   effectively enabling one HTML page to be embedded in another HTML page
   (see
   https://www.w3.org/TR/html5/semantics-embedded-content.html#the-iframe-
   element). When an individual visits a webpage, it may not be obvious
   that some of the content on that webpage is contained in an Iframes,
   and that such content may be requesting and receiving information from
   servers operated by a party other than that of the parent webpage
   ("Third Party Servers"), using their own domain. This is important
   because some information collection and use methods are restricted to
   exchanging information only on the same domain, e.g. Http Cookies or
   Local Storage, and Iframes may allow these methods to be used by both
   the parent webpage domain and the Third Party Servers domain.
   Additionally, technologies, such as Web Messaging (see
   https://www.w3.org/TR/webmessaging/) exist where information can be
   shared between domains, effectively circumventing 'same domain'
   restrictions. In fact, if a third party is serving content to an
   Iframe, especially 'friendly iframes' or iframes that have unrestricted
   access to the content of the parent webpage, they may technically
   employ virtually any information collection method.

Precise Device Location

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Precise Device Location
   Precise Device Location of an internet connected device is available
   via the W3C Geolocation API Specification (see
   https://dev.w3.org/geo/api/spec-source.html). Common sources of
   location information include Global Positioning System (GPS) and
   location inferred from network signals such as IP Address, RFID, WiFi
   and Bluetooth MAC addresses, and GSM/CDMA cell IDs, as well as user
   input. While no guarantee is given that the API returns a device's
   actual location, the availability of accurate location information may
   be sufficient for your Precise Device Location to be considered
   Presonal Data". In addition to default operating system and/or browser
   restrictions, it is the policy of Clipcentric that your Precise Device
   Location will not be determined without your explicit consent, e.g.
   responding "yes" to a prompt asking permission to use your current
   location.

Imprecise Device Location

   Contents » Technologies Related to Information Collection and Storage »
   Imprecise Device Location
   Imprecise Device Location of an internet connected device may be
   estimated by comparing the device IP Address with a database of IP
   Addresses correlated with geographic location (also known as an IP
   Geolocation Database). The accuracy of Imprecise Device Location is
   typically at the postal code level or less. For example, one of the
   more popular commercial IP Geolocation Databases claims to provide as
   high as a 90% success rate for city-level location within 50km of the
   actual device location.

Policy for Platform Customers

   Contents » Policy for Platform Customers
   Clipcentric's policy for the collection and use of information
   regarding (i) Platform Customers and (ii) the employees and agents that
   Platform Customers authorize to use the Clipcentric Platform and
   Clipcentric Services on their behalf ("Authorized Users") is, in part,
   governed by a Platform Agreement executed between Clipcentric and the
   Platform Customers.
   To the extent that Platform Customers provide Clipcentric with Personal
   Data of Authorized Users or other individuals, the Platform Customer is
   the Data Controller of this Personal Data, and Clipcentric is a Data
   Processor as authorized by a Platform Agreement. Examples of the types
   of data that Clipcentric may process on behalf of Platform Customers
   include an individual's name, address, phone number, email address,
   user id and job title.
   As a Data Controller, Clipcentric may also automatically collect and
   store other Personal Data from Authorized Users as they access the
   Clipcentric Platform and Clipcentric Services (i) as required to
   operate the Clipcentric Platform and Clipcentric Services, (ii) to
   analyze usage patterns and improve our service, and (iii) to detect and
   troubleshoot technical errors. This Personal Data may include IP
   Addresses, Unique IDs, elements from User Agent Strings and other
   Non-Personal Data that may be correlated with Personal Data, including
   Personal Data for which We are a Data Processor and have the authority
   to use in this manner.

Policy for Site Visitors

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors

Information Collection Methods and Use by Clipcentric

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors » Information Collection Methods
   and Use by Clipcentric

Personal Data

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors » Information Collection Methods
   and Use by Clipcentric » Personal Data

Automatically Collected Data

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors » Information Collection Methods
   and Use by Clipcentric » Personal Data » Automatically Collected Data
   As is the case for most websites, when you visit the Clipcentric Site,
   We gather certain information automatically and store it in Server Log
   Files. This information includes IP Addresses, which in some
   jurisdictions may be considered Personal Data, and therefore may be
   subject to Data Protection Legislation. After collection, We only use
   your IP Addresses for the internal purposes of detecting and preventing
   fraud or unauthorized access and maintaining the security of our
   systems. Access to Server Log Files containing IP Addresses is
   restricted to authorized employees and agents of Clipcentric. After an
   initial period not to exceeding 24 hours, Server Log Files containing
   IP Addresses are protected by encryption technologies and archived to
   secure storage facilities.

Data you Knowingly Submit

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors » Information Collection Methods
   and Use by Clipcentric » Personal Data » Data you Knowingly Submit
   Clipcentric does not collect any other Personal Data of Site Visitors
   before, during or after your visit to the Clipcentric Site other than
   what you voluntarily supply to Us via Html Forms (e.g., submitting
   information through the Contact Us and/or registration forms). This
   information may include name, address, billing address, email, phone
   number and company information. When Personal Data is provided by you
   directly to Us in this manner, Clipcentric is the Data Controller of
   the Personal Data, which We use solely for the purposes identified at
   the point of contact, such as to convey requested product or service
   information, assess the needs of your business to determine suitable
   products, respond to customer service requests and improve the
   Clipcentric Site. We may store this information in email files, both on
   Our server and on the local computer file systems of authorized
   Clipcentric employees. We may transfer this information to Data
   Processors who have a contractual obligation to protect the information
   and adhere to applicable Data Protection Legislation. For example, We
   may transfer this information into customer relationship management
   platforms.

Non-Personal Data

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors » Information Collection Methods
   and Use by Clipcentric » Non-Personal Data
   We also collect other information automatically from Site Visitors and
   store it in Server Log Files, including User Agent Strings. We use this
   information, which We do not link to Personal Data or otherwise use to
   identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the
   Clipcentric Site, to track users' movements around the Clipcentric Site
   and to gather aggregated demographic information about Our user base as
   a whole.
   Clipcentric Ads are displayed in the Clipcentric Site for demonstration
   purposes to prospective Platform Customers so that they may learn the
   types of ads our products and services allow them to create and
   distribute. If you view portions of the Clipcentric Site that contains
   these Clipcentric Ads, you will also be subject to our Policy for Ad
   Viewers.
   We do not link any of the Non-Personal Data described in this section
   to any Personal Data unless you are logged in as an Authorized User of
   a Platform Customer, operating under a Platform Agreement, in which
   case you are also subject to our Policy for Platform Customers.

Information Collection Methods and Use Third Parties

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors » Information Collection Methods
   and Use Third Parties

Analytics Partners

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors » Information Collection Methods
   and Use by Third Parties » Analytics Partners
   We may use third party analytics partners (such as Google Analytics) to
   inform us of traffic patterns, so that we may improve the effectiveness
   of Our Clipcentic Site content ("Site Analytics Partners"). We do not
   pass any Personal Data to Site Analytics Partners, however, Site
   Analytics Partners may employ Tracking Pixels or Embedded Scripts,
   which results in Site Analytics Partners receiving the IP Address of
   Site Visitors. We only utilize Site Analytics Partners where IP Address
   Anonymization techniques are employed, such as setting the last octet
   of IPv4 user IP Address and the last 80 bits of IPv6 addresses. Note
   that IP Address Anonymization techniques only affect the storage and
   processing of IP Addresses, not the transfer.
   Site Analytics Partners may also use Http Cookies and/or Local Storage.
   For a description of how our current Site Analytics Partner, Google
   Analytics, uses Http Cookies, please refer to the website "Google
   Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites" at
   https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsj
   s/cookie-usage. For more general information about Google Analytics,
   including how you can control the information collected by Google,
   please refer to the website, "How Google uses data when you use our
   partners' sites or apps" at
   http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.

Links to Third Parties

   Contents » Policy for Site Visitors » Information Collection Methods
   and Use by Third Parties » Links to Third Parties
   The Clipcentric Site and Clipcentric Services may include links to
   other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of
   Clipcentric. If you submit personal information to any of those sites,
   your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage
   you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web sites you visit.

Policy for Ad Viewers

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers

Information Collection Methods and Use by Clipcentric

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and
   Use by Clipcentric

Personal Data

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and
   Use by Clipcentric » Personal Data

Automatically Collected Data

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and
   Use by Clipcentric » Personal Data » Automatically Collected Data
   In the course of delivering a Clipcentric Ad to you, Clipcentric
   automatically collects and stores your IP Address in Our Server Log
   Files. Clipcentric is a Data Controller of such automatically collected
   information. Platform Customers and their Customer Distribution
   Partners where you encounter Clipcentric Ads may also be considered
   Data Controllers of this information, as their respective agreements
   and policies may indicate. Clipcentric utilizes third party hosting
   companies to store and process this automatically collected data, and
   Clipcentric requires such Processors to comply with all applicable Data
   Protection Legislation.
   In some jurisdictions, your IP Address may be considered Personal Data,
   and may therefore be subject to Data Protection Legislation. After
   collection, We only use your IP Address for the internal purposes of
   detecting and preventing fraud or unauthorized access and maintaining
   the security of Our systems. Access to Server Log Files containing IP
   Addresses is restricted to authorized employees and agents of
   Clipcentric. After an initial period not to exceeding 24 hours, Server
   Log Files containing IP Addresses are protected by encryption
   technologies and archived to secure storage facilities.
   We may also use your IP Address on-the-fly to estimate your Imprecise
   Device Location. In this case, your IP Address is passed directly from
   your internet browser or application to Our server's temporary memory
   by an Embedded Script. We do not store your IP Address when collected
   in this manner, or link it to any other information other than
   comparing it to a geolocation database after which the IP Address is
   promptly deleted from temporary memory.

Data you Knowingly Submit

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and
   Use by Clipcentric » Personal Data » Data you Knowingly Submit
   Some Clipcentric Ads may request your Precise Device Location, for
   example, when displaying your location on a map relative to nearby
   stores. If you provide your explicit consent, your Precise Device
   Location is passed directly from your internet browser or application
   to Our server's temporary memory by an Embedded Script. Our servers may
   respond to this information by returning a customized ad experience.

Non-Personal Data

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and
   Use by Clipcentric » Non-Personal Data
   Other than your IP Address, and in some cases your Precise Device
   Location received after your explicit consent (both as described
   above), We do not collect or store any Personal Data from Ad Viewers.
   However, We do collect certain Non-Personal Data regarding your
   exposure to a Clipcentric Ad, such as your browser type, the server
   your computer is logged into, the type of computer operating system you
   use, and whether and how individuals using your internet browser or
   similar applications have responded to the ad delivered. The
   Non-Personal Data that We collect is used for the purpose of
   customizing the ads delivery and measuring the effectiveness of these
   ads on behalf of Our Platform Customers.
   We collect your User Agent String and store it in Our Server Log Files.
   We use this information to control how Clipcentric Ads are served to
   particular devices or platforms, and to provide Our Platform Customers
   with information on the device types and platforms Ad Viewers used
   while viewing Clipcentric Ads.
   We may use Embedded Scripts to generate and use other anonymous
   information, which may be passed to Our servers by Tracking Pixels
   where it is then stored in Server Log Files. We use this information to
   anonymously measure the efficacy of Clipcentric Ads and to create
   Clipcentric Ad campaign performance reports.
   At the discretion of Platform Customers. Clipcentric Ads may use
   Cookies and/or persistent Local Storage to keep track of how many times
   an Ad Viewer has seen a particular Clipcentric Ad in a particular
   timeframe. This information may be used to customize how Clipcentric
   Ads are rendered to Ad Viewers. For example, We may display an
   alternate ad experience to Ad Viewers based on whether or not Ad
   Viewers have already seen the same Clipcentric Ad. We do not store any
   Personal Data in these Cookies or Local Storage, nor do We link the
   information We store in Cookies or Local Storage to any Personal Data.
   If a Platform Customer elects for their Clipcentric Ads to use Cookies
   or Local Storage, they may also determine whether to use first party or
   third party Cookies or Local Storage. Third party Cookies and Local
   Storage allows Clipcentric to keep track of how many times an Ad Viewer
   has seen a Clipcentric Ad across multiple publishers or publish
   domains. When Cookies are used in this way, they will expire within 2
   years. When Local Storage is used, it may remain in your browser for an
   extended period of time. Clipcentric Ads include a consent mechanism,
   where Platform Customers or their Customer Distribution Partners,
   acting as Data Controllers, may indicate to Clipcentric whether or not
   using Cookies and/or Local Storage is authorized. Below is an example
   of the type of anonymous information that is stored in Cookies and
   Local Storage for these purposes:

                                 [n9MhQrQC]

   We use Click-through Redirects to allow Us to track click activity on
   Clipcentric Ads, or to allow Our Platform Customers and their analytics
   partners (or their clients and their client's analytics partners) to
   track such activity. Click-through Redirect activity is stored in Our
   Server Log Files, and is analyzed in conjunction with other information
   to produce reports on the effectiveness of Clipcentric Ads for our
   Platform Customers.

Information Collection Methods and Use by Third Parties

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and
   Use by Third Parties

Customer Custom Content

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and
   Use by Third Parties » Platform Customer Custom Content
   At the sole discretion of a Platform Customer, Clipcentric Ads may
   include content developed by or on behalf of the Platform Customer or
   otherwise included within a Clipcentric Ad ("Customer Custom Content").
   For example, Platform Customers may include full Html documents within
   an Iframe embedded in a Clipcentric Ad, load a remote Embedded Script,
   direct the Clipcentric Ad to set an Http Cookie, use a third party
   Tracking Pixel, or utilize Click-through Redirects.
   Clipcentric is largely unaware of a Platform Customer's use of Customer
   Custom Content, and We do not handle, process, monitor or control any
   information collected as a result of Customer Custom Content ("Customer
   Custom Content Data Proceeds"), which may contain Personal Data, nor
   does Clipcentric know in advance or control the Customer Distribution
   Partners of a Platform Customer. Platform Customers are bound by their
   Platform Agreement with Clipcentric to adhere to applicable Data
   Protection Legislation with regards to Customer Custom Content Data
   Proceeds, and alone or in conjunction with their Customer Distribution
   Partners, have taken responsibility as independent Data Controllers of
   such information.
   Platform Customers may pass information into Clipcentric Ads for the
   purposes of displaying customized ad experiences to Ad Viewers. In some
   cases, this information may be transferred to Clipcentric servers for
   processing. Platform Customers are obligated by their Platform
   Agreements to comply with applicable Data Protection Legislation with
   respect to information transmitted to Clipcentric in this manner. In
   this instance, Clipcentric is the Data Processor, and processes such
   information only as authorized by the applicable Data Controller.

Customer Selected Third Party Widgets

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and
   Use by Third Parties » Customer Selected Third Party Widgets
   At the sole discretion of a Platform Customer, Clipcentric Ads may
   include embedded social media features (such as an embedded Facebook
   page or Twitter timeline) or features derived from third party APIs
   (such as Google Maps or YouTube Videos), collectively known as
   "Customer Selected Third Party Widgets".
   While features of Clipcentric Platform and Clipcentric Services
   facilitate the inclusion of Customer Selected Third Party Widgets into
   Clipcentric Ads, Clipcentric does not handle, process, monitor or
   control any information collected as a result of Customer Selected
   Third Party Widgets ("Customer Selected Widget Data Proceeds"), which
   may contain Personal Data, nor does Clipcentric know in advance or
   control the Customer Distribution Partners of a Platform Customer.
   Platform Customers are bound by their Platform Agreement with
   Clipcentric to adhere to applicable Data Protection Legislation with
   regards to Customer Selected Widget Data Proceeds, and alone or in
   conjunction with their Customer Distribution Partners and/or the third
   parties that host the Customer Selected Third Party Widgets, have taken
   responsibility as independent Data Controllers of such information.
   As a service to readers, links to the privacy policies of some entities
   providing Third Party Widget APIs are listed below. Clipcentric does
   montior or control the extent to which these entities adhere to their
   privacy policies, nor can we assure that these links will point to the
   most current versions of their policies:
     * Google Maps: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
     * YouTube: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
     * Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
     * Twitter: https://twitter.com/en/privacy

Transfer of Information to Third Parties

   Contents » Policy for Ad Viewers » Transfer of Information to Third
   Parties
   In some cases, We may pass an individual's Precise Device Location (see
   Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and Use by
   Clipcentric » Personal Data » Data you Knowingly Submit) directly from
   Our server's temporary memory to a third party in order to provide the
   Clipcentric Services. For example, We may pass this information to
   Google Maps in order to display nearby stores by means of the Google
   Maps API. In this example, Clipcentric and Google act as independent
   Data Controllers of the information, each individually determining the
   purposes and means of its processing.
   Except for this use, and otherwise as described in Other Clipcentric
   Information Collection and Use Policies » Sharing of Information, We do
   not collect any Personal Data on behalf of third parties, nor do We
   transfer any of your Personal Data to third parties.
   We may transfer Non-Personal Data to third parties in the form of ad
   performance reports and industry benchmarks. This information may
   include elements from User Agent Strings, Server Log Files, Local
   Storage and Http Cookies.

Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies

Cookie Opt-Out

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies »
   Cookie Opt-Out
   Platform Customers may direct Clipcentric Ads to use third party
   Cookies or Local Storage (i.e. storage attached to Clipcentric
   domains). No Personal Data is included in this storage, as described in
   section: Policy for Ad Viewers » Information Collection Methods and Use
   by Clipcentric » Non-Personal Data
   We provide an "opt out" mechanism so that Ad Viewers may "opt out" of
   these Cookies and Local Storage. To opt-out, click the "Opt-Out" button
   below. If you later change your mind after opting out (for example,
   because you decide that it is better to be shown a different
   advertising experience the second time you see a Clipcentric Ad), you
   may opt back in by clicking the "Opt-In" button below.

         [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)_______ [BUTTON Input] (not
                             implemented)______

   You can also manage how your browser handles Cookies and Local Storage
   by following directions provided in your internet browser's "help"
   directory.
   Note that this opt-out mechanism relies on a Clipcentric Http Cookie
   (named 'notrack'), so if you delete, reject or block this cookie, it
   may negate the functionality of our opt-out mechanism.

Preventing Malicious Activity; Black Lists; Consent Logging

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies »
   Preventing Malicious Activity; Black Lists
   As a Data Controller, we may collect and store certain information that
   is known or suspected to be related to malicious activity, and which
   may used for our legitimate interest of reducing fraud, data tampering,
   or unauthorized access to Clipcentric systems ("Information Black
   Lists"). Information Black Lists may be stored in less secure
   environments in order to enable a real-time comparison of new data
   against a list of known or suspected bad actors. Information Black
   Lists may include IP Address, Unique IDs, elements from User Agent
   Strings, or other similar information. We may store and process this
   information without explicit consent on the legal basis that preventing
   fraud and malicious activity is in the legitimate interest of
   Clipcentric and our partners.
   We may also store information we require to track an individual's
   consent status with respect to Clipcentric's collection and/or use of
   Personal Data. This information may include an individual's name,
   address, email address or telephone number.

Sharing of Information

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies »
   Sharing of Information
   We will only share Personal Data with third parties in the ways that
   are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not otherwise sell, rent or
   distribute Personal Data to third parties.
   We may provide Personal Data, for which We are a Data Controller or
   authorized Data Processor, to companies that provide services to help
   Us with Our business activities such as hosting the Clipcentric Site,
   Clipcentric Platform and Clipcentric Services or sending emails. These
   companies are authorized as Data Processors to use your Personal Data
   only as necessary to provide these services to Us and are contractually
   obligated to keep your information confidential and comply with
   applicable Data Protection Legislation regarding the processing of any
   Personal Data.
   We may also disclose Personal Data:
     * as required by applicable law, such as to comply with a subpoena,
       or similar legal process
     * when We believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to
       protect Our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
       investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, including to
       meet law enforcement or national security requirements
     * if Clipcentric is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all
       or a portion of its assets, in which case you will be notified via
       email and/or a prominent notice on the Clipcentric Site of any
       change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well
       as any choices you may have regarding your personal information
     * to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. We have
       potential liability in the event of unlawful onward transfers of
       Privacy Shield data to third party agents (see Self-Regulatory
       Frameworks, below)

How we secure your Personal Information

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies »
   How we secure your Personal Information
   Clipcentric uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and
   physical measures to safeguard Personal Data in Our possession against
   loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. However,
   no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the
   actions of other users with whom you elect to share your Personal Data.
   We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your
   Personal Data. We cannot ensure that information you share on the
   Clipcentric Site and/or through the Clipcentric Platform and Services
   will not become publicly available. We cannot guarantee that essential
   Clipcentric Data Processors will not be exposed to a data breach. We
   are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy
   settings or security measures on the Clipcentric Site or through the
   Clipcentric Platform and Services. You can reduce some of these risks
   by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong
   password, using different passwords for different services, and using
   up to date antivirus software.
   In the event of a data breach that exposes Personal Data, or in
   Clipcentric's reasonable judgement threatens to expose Personal Data,
   Clipcentric shall comply with the notice provisions of applicable Data
   Protection Legislation.

User Access and Choice

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies »
   User Access and Choice
   You may access, correct, update, amend, or ask to have Personal Data
   that We store about you removed, deleted or transferred to you or a
   third party by making a change in the Clipcentric "Customer Account"
   settings page, by emailing a request Our customer support at
   support@clipcentric.com or by contacting Us by telephone or postal mail
   at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your
   requests within 30 days.
   We will retain your information for as long as your account is active
   or as needed to provide you with the Clipcentric Services. We will
   retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal
   obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce Our agreements. Personal
   Data that We process for any purpose shall not be kept for longer than
   is necessary for such purpose, however, We may retain Personal Data
   where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal
   obligation to which We are subject, or in order to protect your vital
   interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also
   store some Personal Data in Our secure, non-production backup files
   provided that induvial consent choices will be honored in the event
   that any backup files containing Personal Data are restored to a
   production environment in a disaster recovery scenario. Clipcentric
   does not store any sensitive Personal Data such as credit card
   information, social security numbers, and the like, in its backup
   files.
   We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share
   your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it
   for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or
   subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of
   your personal information, please submit a written request to
   privacyrequest@clipcentric.com.

Clipcentric as a Data Processor of Other Customer Controlled Data

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies »
   Clipcentric as a Data Processor of Customer Controlled Data
   Customer Custom Content may also include Personal Data that may be
   displayed to Ad Viewers ("Customer Controlled PII"). For example,
   Customer Custom Content may contain the name and contact information of
   a sales representative at the company being promoted by a Clipcentric
   Ad. Clipcentric has no control with respect to individuals whose
   information is included in Customer Controlled PII, and Clipcentric is
   largely unaware of whether Customer Controlled PII is actually being
   used as part of Customer Custom Content, or the methods of such use.
   The Clipcentric Platform Customer is either the Data Controller of the
   Customer Controlled PII, or, if the Clipcentric Platform Customer is a
   Data Processor of the Customer Controlled PII, (i) the methods and use
   of the Customer Controlled PII within the Customer Custom Content, and
   (ii) Clipcentric's appointment as an additional Data Processor have
   been authorized by the relevant Data Controller consistent with
   applicable Data Protection Legislation.

Children's Privacy

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies »
   Children's Privacy
   The Clipcentric Site is not intended for children under 13 years of
   age. You must be at least 13 years old to use the Clipcentric Site
   and/or Clipcentric Platform and Services. We do not knowingly collect
   Personal Data from any child under 13 years of age.
   Please advise Us if you are aware of our having received Personal Data
   from someone under 13, in which case We will take appropriate steps to
   delete it.
   Note that Clipcentric Ads may contain Social Media Features and Third
   Party Widgets and/or Custom Ad Components as previously described, and
   Clipcentric does not monitor or control the information collected
   through these elements. If you believe Personal Data from someone under
   13 has been collected in violation of applicable law, you must contact
   the advertiser or publisher responsible. We may be able to assist you
   in determining if the Clipcentric Ad was designed in such a way that
   the collection of Personal Data was possible.

California Privacy Rights

   Contents » Other Clipcentric Information Collection and Use Policies »
   California Privacy Rights
   California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The
   Light" law, permits users who are California residents to request and
   obtain from Clipcentric once a year, free of charge, information about
   the personal information (if any) Clipcentric disclosed to third
   parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.
   If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories
   of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of
   all third parties with which Clipcentric shared information in the
   immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident
   and would like to make such a request, please submit your request, with
   information about where you saw the Clipcentric Ad, in writing to:
   Clipcentric, Inc., Privacy Information Request, 915 Broadway Suite 2E
   Albany, NY 12207.

Self-Regulatory Frameworks

   Contents » Self-Regulatory Frameworks

EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shields

   Contents » Self-Regulatory Frameworks » EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy
   Shields
   Clipcentric complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the
   Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of
   Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data
   from European Union member countries and Switzerland transferred to the
   United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Clipcentric has certified
   that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such
   data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy
   policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the
   Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy
   Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit
   https://www.privacyshield.gov
   With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the
   Privacy Shield Frameworks, Clipcentric is subject to the regulatory
   enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
   In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements.
   Clipcentric's accountability for Personal Data that it receives in the
   United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a
   third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In
   particular, Clipcentric remains responsible and liable under the
   Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to
   process the Personal Data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent
   with the Principles, unless Clipcentric proves that it is not
   responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
   In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Clipcentric commits
   to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of
   your Personal Data transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy
   Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield
   inquiries or complaints should first contact Clipcentric by email at
   privacyrequest@clipcentric.com or the contact information found below.
   Clipcentric has further committed to refer unresolved privacy
   complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent
   dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by
   the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely
   acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not
   satisfactorily addressed, please visit
   www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and
   to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
   If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above
   channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration
   for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
   Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction

Transfer to Agents

   Contents » Self-Regulatory Frameworks » Transfer to Agents
   Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Clipcentric will transfer
   EU and Swiss Data only to those third parties who have provided
   assurances that such data will be treated consistently with the
   requirements of this Privacy Policy. In particular, except as described
   in this Privacy Policy, We will transfer EU and Swiss Data only to
   third parties who are contractually obligated to comply with the
   principles of the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shields, respectively. In
   the event that Clipcentric has knowledge that any third party to whom
   it has transferred EU or Swiss Data has used or disclosed EU or Swiss
   Data in a manner contrary to this Privacy Policy, Clipcentric will take
   reasonable steps to prevent or stop such use or disclosure.

Changes to This Policy

   Contents » Changes to This Policy
   We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. If We make any material
   changes, We will revise the "Effective Date" on the Privacy Policy. Any
   such amendment to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our
   posting of the revised Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically
   review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
   Your continued use of the Clipcentric Site or Clipcentric Platform and
   Services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy.

Regulatory Oversight

   Contents » Regulatory Oversight
   Clipcentric is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of
   the United States Federal Trade Commission.

Questions Regarding Privacy

   Contents » Questions Regarding Privacy
   If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy
   Policy or Clipcentric's privacy practices, to update or delete your
   Personal Data, or for assistance removing Http Cookies or other
   information storage, please contact Clipcentric at:
   privacyrequest@clipcentric.com
   M-F 9:00a to 5:00p ET (800) 653--5604
   Clipcentric, Inc.,
   Privacy Information Request
   915 Broadway Ste 2E
   Albany, NY 12207
   [b0Wa5UuQ] [SaWPXS9O] [KmpE2g_j]

   This site requires a browser that supports JavaScript and JavaScript
   must be enabled. If you have disabled JavaScript in your browser,
   please enable it or add clipcentric.com to your whitelist in order to
   use this site. If you did not disable JavaScript, then you should
   upgrade your browser to the current version of Microsoft Internet
   Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, or Google Chrome in order to use this site.
   Clipcentric, Inc.

   Clipcentric, Inc. Logo
   Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
     *
          + Platform
          + Rich Media Production
          + Video Production
          + Ad Management
     *
          + Ad Formats
          + Standard
          + Display Rising Stars
          + Mobile Rising Stars
     *
          + Clipcentric
          + About
          + Contributor Portal

   © Clipcentric, Inc., 2012-2019. All rights reserved.

   [login_bg.jpg]

   Clipcentric uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing
   experience. By using this website or closing this notice, you are
   agreeing to our Privacy Policy.  |  Dismiss
   ×
