   User-Agent: * Disallow: Disallow: /publishers User-agent: Yandex
   Crawl-delay: 3 Sitemap: https://www.soft32.com/sitemap.xml

   #next publisher

   Soft32
     * Home
     * Windows
     * Mac
     * Mobile
     * Blog

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Soft32
     * Blog

Microsoft Releases Additional Patches

   By Chris Spera on March 8, 2018

   Meltdown and Spectre patches have been rereleased and they don’t crash
   AMD machines any more!


   During january’s Patch Tuesday, Microsoft released patches for both
   Meltdown and Spectre. They worked, too.  Well, for Intel processors,
   anyway.  AMD processors didn’t have as great an experience.  Some AMD
   based computers ended up getting bricked.  Once the reports of this
   reached Microsoft, they pulled the patches, cand cancelled Patch
   Tuesday.

   On 2018-01-17, Microsoft rereleased AMD based patches for Windows 10.
   What makes this a bit confusing for many is that depending on the
   version of Windows 10 you’re running, you obviously end up with a
   different build for that version of Windows 10.  Microsoft released
   build 14393.2034 for the Anniversary Update and build 15063.877 for the
   Creators update. Microsoft also released build 16299.194 for the Fall
   Creators Update.  This last build contained a fix for AMD devices.

   There are a few issues that you need to be aware of in all of these
   builds. Thankfully, Neowin kindly pulled the following information
   together for everyone.
   Symptom Workaround
   Windows Update History reports that KB4054517 failed to install because
   of Error 0x80070643. Even though the update was successfully installed,
   Windows Update incorrectly reports that the update failed to install.
   To verify the installation, select Check for Updates to confirm that
   there are no additional updates available.

   You can also type About your PC in the Search box on your taskbar to
   confirm that your device is using the expected OS build.

   Microsoft is working on a resolution and will provide an update in an
   upcoming release.
   When calling CoInitializeSecurity, the call will fail if passing
   RPC_C_IMP_LEVEL_NONE under certain conditions.

   When calling CoInitializeSecurity, the call may fail when passing
   RPC_C_AUTHN_LEVEL_NONE as the authentication level. The error returned
   on failure is STATUS_BAD_IMPERSONATION_LEVEL.
   Change the authentication level parameter to RPC_C_AUTHN_LEVEL_CALL.

   Microsoft is working on a resolution and will provide an update in an
   upcoming release.
   Due to compatibility issues with some versions of antivirus software,
   this update causes stop errors or abrupt reboots. Contact your
   antivirus (AV) vendor and follow their guidance.


   Microsoft further released additional patches for Windows 10 Version
   1511, Build 10586.1358.  This update further has AMD based fixes in
   it.  There are also known issues with it, and again, thanks to Neowin,
   we have the following details
   Symptom Workaround
   When calling CoInitializeSecurity, the call will fail if passing
   RPC_C_IMP_LEVEL_NONE under certain conditions.

   When calling CoInitializeSecurity, the call may fail when passing
   RPC_C_AUTHN_LEVEL_NONE as the authentication level. The error returned
   on failure is STATUS_BAD_IMPERSONATION_LEVEL.
   Change the authentication level parameter to RPC_C_AUTHN_LEVEL_CALL.

   Microsoft is working on a resolution and will provide an update in an
   upcoming release.
   Due to an issue with some versions of antivirus software, this fix only
   applies to the machines where the antivirus ISV has updated the ALLOW
   REGKEY. Contact your antivirus AV to confirm that

   their software is compatible and have set

   the following REGKEY on the machine

   Key=”HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE” Subkey=”SOFTWARE\Microsoft\

   Windows\CurrentVersion\QualityCompat”

   Value Name=”cadca5fe-87d3-4b96-b7fb-a231484277cc”

   Type=”REG_DWORD”

   Data=”0x00000000”


Related Posts:

     * Check for Windows 10 Updates
     * Microsoft Introduces Surface Book 2
     * Immediately Speed Up Windows 10
     * How to Fix Windows 10 Memory Leaks
     * Top Privacy Settings for Windows 10

   Tweet
    comments

On the Low Down

   By Chris Spera on February 26, 2018

   [social-lg.jpg]

   Sometimes even being one of the hottest social media platforms isn’t
   enough…

   I’ve been involved in social media platforms since before we called
   them social media platforms. I had an AOL account. I had a Prodigy
   account and a CompuServe account; and those services, by today’s
   standards are largely what Facebook is today. It’s funny how things
   change over the years.

   One of the newer and more popular social media platforms today,
   Snapchat, owned by Snap, was recently reported to have gone through a
   reduction in force of nearly 24 people. The company seems to be having
   a couple of funding and growth issues. They are currently looking for
   ways to manage costs and expenses.

   The layoffs are mainly from Snapchat’s content division. They are
   consolidating teams in their Venice, California headquarters.
   Previously Content had space and people in both Venice and New York.

   Snapchat’s Content team is responsible for overseeing the production of
   content from major publishers, as well as content submitted by users
   for its public stories. According the Snap’s CEO Evan Spiegel the
   layoffs are the company’s attempt to scale their business.

   Not only is Snap performing reductions in force, but they’re slowing or
   stopping hiring as well. They laid off 18 recruiters in October knowing
   that 2018 will be a slower hiring season for them. Instead of hiring
   more people, they’re going to make better use of the resources they
   have. They’re also going to spend money developing and promoting the
   leaders they already have.

   Snapchat is in the process of changing. The company is trying to roll
   out a major redesign of the application that it first announced in
   November of 2017. How successful this redesign is for the organization
   is unclear at this time.

Related Posts:

     * Scheduled for Termination – AOL Instant Messenger
     * Connectify
     * Remember things big and small from your everyday life with Evernote
     * Make and share screenshots with Ashampoo Snap 5
     * Roku 2 rocks the TV world

   Tweet
    comments

The Day After the [Patches] Before

   By Chris Spera on February 19, 2018

   My office implemented both Meltdown and Spectre patches over the
   weekend…

   In the previous weeks, both the Meltdown and Spectre processor
   vulnerabilities have been making a great deal of news. At my office – a
   financial firm – a Windows shop running Windows 7 (like most of the
   business world), implemented Windows based patches this past weekend.
   The results, especially in some of our older hardware, haven’t been
   very good. Thankfully, those machines are non-critical, non-business
   systems: For example, those that are used to display presentations in a
   conference room during a meeting. Unfortunately, the performance on
   those machines is atrocious. They are nearly unusable.

   To understand what’s going on with those machines and why they now suck
   beyond all relief, we have to understand what the vulnerabilities are
   and what’s needed to patch both of them.

   Meltdown Logo

   Meltdown effects both x86 and ARM based microprocessors and allows
   rogue processes read all memory, even if unauthorized to do so.
   Meltdown effects nearly ALL processors used today. Resolution of this
   vulnerability will require a hardware revision, or effectively a new
   processor. For most computers – laptops especially – this isn’t likely
   to happen. Replacing a laptop’s microprocessor is expensive, and is
   likely not possible, as it would also require new system boards and
   supporting chipsets.

   The only way to resolve this vulnerability is to come up with some
   level of operating system patch. Most of the operating systems used
   today have been, or are in the process of being, patched, including
   iOS, Linux, macOS and Windows.

   Unfortunately, Meltdown patches are likely to cause performance issues,
   especially in older machines. The vulnerability makes all memory,
   including cache memory accessible. The patch works by constantly
   flushing the cache, making the computer work harder to put information
   back into it, where it can be read quickly. Unfortunately, since the
   cache is constantly being flushed, the computer is often forced to read
   it back into memory from the hard drive, slowing things down. In some
   cases, this happens far too often, forcing your computer’s hardware to
   fight against its operating system, putting it into a constant read
   loop. By the time the drive has read ahead enough information, its
   likely had the cache flushed, requiring it to start over again.

   Spectre Logo
   Spectre is a vulnerability that effects modern processors that perform
   branch prediction, or a way to predetermine possible execution outcomes
   allowing for speed of computations and actions. When the computer
   doesn’t predict where “you’re going” correctly, your computer may leave
   observable side effects that may reveal private data to hackers. For
   example, if the pattern of memory accesses performed by such
   speculative execution depends on private data, the resulting state of
   the data cache constitutes a side channel through which an attacker may
   be able to extract information about the private data using a timing
   attack.

   There are two common vulnerabilities and exposure IDs related to
   Spectre, one for bounds check bypass and one for branch target
   injection. JIT engines used for JavaScript were found vulnerable. A
   website can read data stored in the browser for another website, or the
   browser’s memory itself.

   Unfortunately, Spectre patches are also known to cause performance
   issues; and they have been reported to significantly slow down a PC’s
   performance, especially, again, on older computers. On newer, 8th
   generation Intel processors, performance has been known to take a 2% to
   14% hit.

   With both of these patches on your machine, your current computing
   experience is likely totally hosed, no matter what generation processor
   you have or how much computing power you possess.

   For example, if you do anything with any kind of video, you’re going to
   have an especially hard time. Patches for both of these vulnerabilities
   are likely to result in a performance hit of anywhere between 10% to as
   much as 50%. As a result, graphic and video renders can take up to
   twice as long to complete, if they don’t just crash your machine.

   However, it isn’t all gloom and doom. There does appear to be some
   light at the end of the tunnel. Fixes for Spectre aren’t easy to
   implement. The problem is likely going to be around for quite some
   time. However, while a great deal of the vulnerabilities are executed
   through Java Script, and therefore while you’re surfing the web,
   Browsers such as Chrome, and Firefox are implementing other processes
   on top of the OS level patches you likely already have. You could also
   completely eliminate browser based exploits for both Meltdown and
   Spectre by disabling JavaScript all together.

   It has also been suggested that the cost of mitigation can be
   alleviated by processors which feature selective translation lookaside
   buffer (TLB) flushing, a feature which is called process-context
   identifier (PCID) under Intel 64 architecture; and under Alpha, an
   address space number (ASN). This is because selective flushing enables
   the TLB behavior crucial to the exploit to be isolated across
   processes, without constantly flushing the entire TLB – the primary
   reason for the cost of mitigation.

   Personally, I haven’t seen much of a slow down on my Late 2013 MacBook
   Pro. Thankfully, I seem to be falling somewhere in the 2% to 14%
   performance hit. How things go from here, however will help me decide
   if I stay with this Mac or wait until Apple releases a new Mac with a
   new processor that doesn’t fall victim to this nasty issue.

   What happened to you and your computer? Do you have an older machine?
   Have you installed the patches? Are you experiencing a performance hit
   that you’d like to reveal or discuss with someone?

   If so, give me a shout and let me know where you stand. You can find me
   in the Discussion are a below or you can send me an email.

Related Posts:

     * OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock
     * Apple’s Mid 2017 15″ MacBook Pro
     * Unboxing the Mid-2017 15″ MacBook Pro
     * The Future of the MacBook Pro
     * OWC Announces Upgrades for 2016 MacBook Pros

   Tweet
    comments

Why does the Performance on my iPhone Suck?

   By Chris Spera on February 5, 2018

   You’d be surprised by the answer (or at least you should have been)…

   I’ve been an iPhone user on and off since 2008. I started with an
   iPhone 3G, which I ditched inside of three months because the bloody
   thing couldn’t take or make a call without dropping it at least –
   literally – a dozen times or more.

   More recently, I’ve been dealing with a different iPhone problem. I’ve
   got iPhone 6’s and iPhone 7 Plus’ in my house. Since Apple’s whole
   “Batterygate” thing hit the news, things have been a bit crazy for
   nearly every iPhone owner I know of.

   Case in point – I was recently contacted by a buddy of mine about this
   very issue. Apparently one of his wife’s friends was having an issue.

   IMG-0629

   I tried to explain to him that this was the publicized battery issue;
   and that there was a reasonably priced resolution, that shouldn’t be
   too difficult to take care of.

   IMG-0630

   It was clear to me that this was also the same problem that he had
   described in his previous message.


   The additional information was nice, but not completely necessary…

   IMG-0632

   So, this, like other issues that plague iPhone users has been
   completely misunderstood. So let me break it down very carefully.

   1. Do you have an iPhone 6/6 Plus, iPhone 6s/ 6s Plus, or iPhone 7/7
   Plus?
   If the answer is yes, then you need to take a look at the following
   questions.
   2. Is the phone older than a year old?
   If the answer is yes, ask yourself the next question
   3. Does the phone seem slower now with iOS 11 than it did with iOS 10?
   If so, you’re not crazy.

   If the phone is a year old or more, AND you use your phone a LOT,
   you’ve likely cycled through the battery a number of times. The more
   cycles on your battery, the older it becomes. The older your battery
   is, the quicker it discharges power. When your phone has a lot of
   cycles on its battery, it’s very likely that it won’t hold a charge
   very long. When it doesn’t hold a charge for a long time, you end up
   charging it more often. This becomes a Catch 22; as the more that
   device needs to be charged, the shorter the drain time is, and the more
   cycles you put on your phone’s battery.

   The performance problem isn’t imagined. Apple’s latest version of iOS
   11.2.2 actually throttles the processor so that the phone uses less
   power, when the battery’s health (measured by age and the number of
   cycles it has on it) is below 80%-85%.

   So the solution to all of this, believe it or not, is really easy – get
   a new battery. Prior to the issue with processor throttling in iOS
   11.2.2, Apple charged $79 for a battery replacement. Now, Apple is
   charging $29 to replace the battery in your iPhone 6/6 Plus or later
   during all of 2018.

   While the problem is now easy to identify, the solution is also easy to
   apply – slow phone? Get a new battery.

   Do you have an older iPhone (now defined as at least 3 generation’s
   back (so at least 2 years old)? If you do, the best thing that you can
   do to put your phone back into “like new” performance, is to get a new
   battery.

   You can find more information about this particular issue at Apple’s
   Support site.

Related Posts:

     * It’s Supposed to be Compatible
     * The Day that Apple Changed the World
     * iPhone 6 Day is Upon Us! Thoughts from Yesterday
     * Get a handle of what apps are on your company’s computers with
       WinAudit
     * Hands on with early iOS 8 Beta Releases

   Tweet
    comments

It’s Supposed to be Compatible

   By Chris Spera on January 29, 2018

   There’s always a chance that something that’s supposed to work, won’t…

   So, many – well most of you, actually – don’t know; but I was in a
   motor vehicle accident just after Christmas 2017. Someone lost control
   of their vehicle and smashed into the rear driver’s side door of my car
   on a very, busy US interstate highway during the evening rush hour,
   commute home. I spun out over three lanes of oncoming traffic and hit
   the wall, going about fifty (50) MPH (80.5 KPH), It wasn’t pretty; and
   I’m mending as well as could be expected.

   Unfortunately, my car was totaled; and I was forced to purchase a new
   vehicle.

   I purchased a 2014 Toyota Highlander XLE. It’s a nice vehicle; and much
   bigger and much more modern than the 2003 Camry LE that I was driving.
   The vehicle however, has a couple of foibles that I wasn’t completely
   aware of when I bought it. Unfortunately, for me, they all evolve
   around the entertainment system and my new, iPhone 8 Plus.

   So, here’s the problem, in a nut shell – the Entune radio hardware and
   software won’t consistently mount the device. Because it won’t
   consistently mount the device, the vehicle’s USB port won’t read data
   from the device consistently, and won’t charge the phone consistently.
   When the USB port mounts the phone, everything works like you would
   expect it to. The problem is, as I stated, the radio won’t do that
   consistently.

   I purchased my vehicle from the CarMax in Naperville, IL. When I
   noticed that the vehicle and my iPhone 8 Plus weren’t getting along, I
   took the vehicle back to CarMax’s Service department.

   After spending a day on the vehicle, CarMax told me that my car simply
   wasn’t compatible with my phone. According to the vehicle’s owner’s
   manual, everything should work. However, CarMax – who said they called
   the local Toyota dealership – said THEY were told by Toyota, that the
   iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus weren’t compatible with the Entune Radio in
   ANY Toyota vehicle.

   So, I did what any good QA testing guy would do. I grabbed every iPhone
   I had in the house, my 8 Plus, my wife’s 7 Plus, my son in law’s iPhone
   6 and my son’s iPhone 5s. As a matter of fact, NONE of them worked with
   my new car’s radio correctly. I couldn’t get it to work with any of the
   four different iPhone versions I had, with any of the Lightning cables
   I had (both MFI and non-MFI certified cables).

   At that point, I contacted my local Toyota dealership.

   They told me that everything should work. It was all compatible. While
   the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus weren’t specifically listed as
   compatible, I was told without a doubt they should work.

   Toyota asked to see the vehicle.

   My office is closed for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. I have an
   appointment with a local Toyota Dealer to examine the car. According to
   them, the car either needs to have its software updated, or will need
   to have its software reflated to insure that everything is working
   correctly. If that doesn’t work, then we’re looking at either a USB
   port replacement or a full radio replacement, or both.

   As I am writing this prior to the actual appointment, I will update
   everyone on the outcome, but at this point, you have to wonder how
   motor vehicle entertainment systems that come with your car work or
   continue to work as needed when you upgrade your phone. I mean, most
   cars last at least 10 years or more. How do you keep everything working
   correctly as your car ages? You’re likely to upgrade your phone at
   least five (5) times during a ten year period. Your car needs to keep
   working with the devices you have (or probably, more appropriately…);
   your devices need to keep working with your car as it ages.

   This, among other things, will be asked of my Toyota service technician
   when I see them early Monday morning.

   I will keep everyone posted…

Related Posts:

     * Why does the Performance on my iPhone Suck?
     * First Impressions – iPhone 8 Plus
     * The Day that Apple Changed the World
     * iPhone 6 Day is Upon Us! Thoughts from Yesterday
     * Get a handle of what apps are on your company’s computers with
       WinAudit

   Tweet
    comments

Check for Windows 10 Updates

   By Chris Spera on January 19, 2018

   Quickly check for Windows 10 system updates with this handy how-to…

   Sometimes, checking for updates on your Windows 10 PC can be a pain.
   You either have to swipe open the Action Center and then open Settings,
   or get to Settings through the Start Menu. Then, you have to scroll
   down to Updates and Security and click it. While this isn’t a huge
   deal, it can be sort of a pain, as it involves a few steps.

   There’s actually a much easier way of taking care of manually checking
   for updates. This cool tip, however, is going to require you to make
   some modifications to your Windows 10 computer’s Registry.

   If you’re not comfortable making Registry modifications, then you might
   want to skip this one. However, if you’re undaunted by the challenge,
   and you’d like to put the ability to check for Windows 10 updates on a
   right click context menu off the Desktop, then you should follow the
   steps outlined below.

   Step 1
   1. Open Regedit
   2. Navigate to Computer\HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\DesktopBackground\Shell
   3. Select the “Shell” folder in the left pane
   4. Right Click the “Shell” folder in the left pane
   5. Click New – Key from the context menu that appears
   6. Name the new Key (folder) “Check for Updates” without the quotes and
   press enter
   7. Select the “Check for Updates” folder in the left pane
   8. Right Click the “Check for Updates” folder in the left pane
   9. Click New – Key from the context menu that appears
   10. Name the new Key (folder), “command” (all lower case) without the
   quotes and press enter. You’re going to create two (2) string values,
   one in each of the folders (Keys) that you’ve created.
   11. Right click the “Check for Updates” Key (folder).
   12. Select New – String from the context menu that appears.
   13. Name the String, “SettingsURI” without the quotes.
   14. Double click the new string you just created and enter the
   following value into the “Value data” field:
   ms-settings:windowsupdate-action

   Step 2
   15. Right click the “command” Key (folder).
   16. Select New – String from the context menu that appears.
   17. Name the String, “DelegateExecute” without the quotes.
   18. Double click the new string you just created and enter the
   following value into the “Value data” field:
   {556FF0D6-A1EE-49E5-9FA4-90AE116AD744}

   If you’ve done everything correctly, then once you right click on the
   Windows 10 Desktop, you should see an entry in the context menu called
   Check for Updates. Clicking it, will launch Settings – Updates and
   Security – Windows Update – Check for Updates, and will automatically…
   check for updates.

   This added shortcut will DRASTICALLY cut down on the amount of time it
   takes to manually check for updates to your Windows 10 computer.
   However, you should know that your Windows 10 PC will automatically
   check for updates on its own. It will also download them in the
   background and likely install most of them, without you ever knowing
   that you needed to do… anything. However, if you want to stay on top of
   things, as I do, then this is the quickest and easiest way I’ve found
   to check for updates as often as you want or need.

Related Posts:

     * Top Privacy Settings for Windows 10
     * Immediately Speed Up Windows 10
     * How to Fix Windows 10 Memory Leaks
     * Top Creator’s Update Issues and How to Fix Them
     * Microsoft Replaces Placeholders with Files on Demand

   Tweet
    comments

The Day the Internet Died

   By Chris Spera on January 15, 2018

   In an expected 3-2 party line vote, the FCC has voted to end Net
   Neutrality…

   Well, this was disappointing; but not unexpected…

   Today, the United States Federal Communications Commission voted 3-2
   along party lines to repeal the Obama-era internet regulations aimed at
   insuring that the internet didn’t have pay to access lanes for consumer
   oriented content. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai cast the landmark tying
   breaking vote, providing ISP’s like AT&T, Comcast and Verizon the power
   to control what content consumers can access.

   Many different groups, including Democrats, many movie studios and
   companies like Google owner Alphabet and Facebook had urged the FCC to
   keep the content neutral rules barring service providers from blocking
   or slowing access to content. Pai is a Republican, appointed by
   President Donald Trump.

   Consumer advocates and trade groups representing content providers have
   planned to launch a legal challenge, aimed at preserving those rules.
   New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, a Democrat, said in a
   statement he will lead a multi-state lawsuit to challenge the reversal.
   He called the vote “a blow to New York consumers, and to everyone who
   cares about a free and open internet.” ‘

   FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn, also a Democrat, said prior to the
   vote that Republicans were “handing the keys to the Internet” to a
   “handful of multi-billion dollar corporations.”

   FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has argued that the 2015 rules were heavy handed,
   stifled competition and [limited] innovation among service providers,
   “The internet wasn’t broken in 2015. We weren’t living in a digital
   dystopia. To the contrary, the internet is perhaps the one thing in
   American society we can all agree has been a stunning success,” he said
   on Thursday.

   The problem that he is refusing to lend credibility to, however, is
   that service providers like AT&T, Comcast (Xfinity) and Verizon have
   CLEARLY indicated, that they want consumers to use THEIR content
   networks and will institute pay for performance (speed) premiums
   against competing services like Netflix and Hulu (as well as others).
   Those premiums will ultimately be passed down to individual consumers
   and users.

   Internet access with speeds suitable for streaming and general
   computing and browsing at the same time for many is already very
   expensive. With the focus shifting to streaming services like Netflix,
   Hulu and to streaming boxes like AppleTV and Roku, or an Amazon Fire TV
   or Fire TV Stick, having affordable, non-taxed, high speed bandwidth
   available is probably one of the more important services you have
   coming into your home today.

   That service is going to provide all of your TV service in the near
   future, if not now (if you’ve cut the cord). Its very clear to me that
   having an ISP free of neutrality restrictions is going to lead to
   additional charges and fees being passed on to the consumer.
   At the end of the day – and this is very frustrating – no one has any
   idea yet of just what and how the removal of the Obama-era Net
   Neutrality rules will mean to consumer delivered ISP and consumer
   content services. However, its at least understood that there are
   likely fees and surcharges coming in a play to “play” scenario that is
   expected to be passed on to the end user.

   Its this anticipated pay to “play” tax that most are concerned with,
   especially end users. Its clear that ISP’s like Comcast, who owns NBC
   and its related assets may give preferential bandwidth to their own
   content and make competitors like Netflix and Applet pay a surcharge or
   tax to insure that their services stream with the same bandwidth
   priority over Comcast’s backbone. This is where most of the consumer
   concern comes from.

   What do you think is going to happen with Net Neutrality? Is the
   removal of the 2015 Obama-era rules a problem? Did they restrict
   competition or protect consumer interests? Is the internet freer now
   than it was before, or is the internet just more expensive to use now?
   Do you believe that the larger regional or national ISP’s will take
   advantage of this new development and begin charging clients surcharges
   or fees for accessing competing or different streaming services other
   than the ones they already partner with or are different from their own
   offerings?

   Why don’t you meet me in the Discussion area below and give me your
   thoughts?

Related Posts:

     * Lessons Learned by a Would be Cord Cutter
     * Streaming vs. Download – What Happens when the Cloud Evaporates?
     * Apple Releases watchOS 3.1.1
     * Convert your DVD’s to any video format with TDMore DVD Converter
     * Get in touch over email, IM, or a call with Google Talk

   Tweet
    comments

With Apple Watch Series 3, $10 Ain’t $10

   By Chris Spera on January 12, 2018

   If you have an Apple Watch Series 3 with active LTE service, you’re
   likely in for a nasty surprise.

   apple watch

   Back when the Apple Watch Series 3 first launched earlier in the Fall
   of 2017, carriers promised that LTE service for your new Series 3 Apple
   Watch, would cost only $10 USD per month; and it does.

   Sorta.

   In the beginning, carriers offered three months of free service and
   waived the activation fees. At this point, everyone that got their
   Series 3 Watch on the day it was first made available at the Store, is
   likely being charged for service. However, as I mentioned earlier, $10
   bucks isn’t always JUST $10 bucks. Both AT&T and Verizon are charging
   additional fees. So, your $10 bucks is likely closer to $12 to $14
   bucks per month.

   In California, Verizon Wireless users also have an additional $1.55 fee
   on top of their $10 per month, service charge. In North Carolina, AT&T
   users are being charged an additional $4.39 per month, bringing their
   bill near $15 for LET service on their Series 3 Apple Watch. These fees
   can be higher in other states.

   If you thought you might try to avoid all of the fees by deactivating
   your service and then reactivating it when you need or want it, you’re
   also in for a nasty surprise. There are activation fees that come with
   this activity. You’re going to get hit with the standard $25 activation
   fee every time you go to bring your watch back on line.

   For example, when you cancel and re-add a line, on Verizon, you’re
   going to get hit with that $25 activation fee I mentioned. Suspending
   your service will hit you with a $10 per month fee (what the normal
   service will cost – so you’re paying for it anyway).

   Because Apple Watch Series 3 uses NumberShare on Verizon, it’s not
   considered a prepaid device, so you can’t skip a month of service. Per
   Verizon, you really have only two options:
   1. Suspend your service for up to 3 months at a time; but this is going
   to cost you $10 a month. This is the normal service fee, so you’re not
   saving anything here. You’re actually giving them $10 a month to NOT
   use the LTE service on the Watch, which doesn’t make sense.
   2. Deactivate the Watch completely. That’s going to wipe it from the
   account, but you’re need to restart everything over again if you want
   to bring it back; and that’s going to cost you at least the (previously
   waived) $25 activation fee. There’s also a recurring charge. This means
   that Vs. will basically charge you for two and a half months of service
   every time you turn the Watch off and on again.

   There’s also a possibility that you’ll run into activation issues when
   you start and stop service. The Watch has its own number; but shadows
   your phone’s number when placing and receiving calls. Sometimes this
   whole process can create issues, as reported by some; but why that
   happened to those that bumped into that problem, isn’t clear.

   If you have a Series 3 Apple Watch and have bumped into issues like
   this, reach out to me and help me understand what happened to you.

Related Posts:

     * Apple Watch can Save your Life
     * Next Generation Apple TV Details Leaked
     * FEATURE REVIEW – Apple Watch – Part 3
     * FEATURE REVIEW – Apple Watch: Part 2
     * FEATURE REVIEW – Apple Watch: Part 1

   Tweet
    comments
   Next Page »

   Stay in touch with Soft32

Soft32.com is a software free download website that provides:

   121.218 programs and games that were downloaded 237.780.356 times by
   402.775 members in our Soft32.com Community!

   Get the latest software updates directly to your inbox
   (submit) Subscribe
   Soft32 on

   Platforms
     * Android
     * iOS
     * Mac
     * Mobile
     * Web
     * Windows

   Features
     * Downloads of the day
     * News
     * Newsletter
     * Picks of the week
     * Reviews
     * Special Deals & Promotions
     * Tutorials & Tips

   Categories
     * Audio
     * Design
     * Games & Consoles
     * Internet
     * Operating Systems
     * Photo
     * Plugins
     * Productivity
     * Security
     * Software
     * Tech & Gadgets
     * Utilities
     * Video

   Popular Posts
     * Ammyy Admin – Take Control.
     * Browse websites with UC Browser from your Android Device
     * Chat with all of your Facebook friends with this handy Windows app
     * Valve announces Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
     * More than 100 million people use an Opera mobile browser

   Tags
   android Apple Apple Store apple watch audio backup bill gates browser
   desktop dvd facebook free game games gaming google hdd iDevice internet
   ios ipad iphone iPhone 5 itunes mac malware microsoft microsoft band
   mobile music olio pc samsung security smartphone smartwatch surface pro
   surface pro 3 tablet video windows windows 7 windows 8 Windows 10
   windows 10 technical preview

   Find us on Facebook

   IFRAME:
   //www.facebook.com/plugins/page.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com
   %2Fsoft32com&tabs=&width=296&height=255&small_header=false&adapt_contai
   ner_width=true&hide_cover=false&show_facepile=true&show_border=false&he
   ader=false

     * Home
     * Submit Software
     * Support
     * Contact Us
     * Advertise with Us
     * All Software
     * Sitemap
     * Jobs
     * Blog
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * RSS

   Soft32

   © 2003 - 2013 ITNT. All rights reserved.
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Service
     * Copyright
     * EULA
     * DMCA
     * Uninstall

   By operating system:

   [ ] All OSes
   [ ] Windows [ ] Mac [ ] Mobile

   By licence:

   [ ] All licences
   [ ] Adware [ ] Commercial Demo [ ] Data Only [ ] Freeware [ ] Open
   Source [ ] Purchase only [ ] Shareware

   Last updated in:

   (*) Anytime
   ( ) Last week ( ) Last month ( ) Last 6 months ( ) Last year

   JavaScript is required to properly view this page.
   #prev next publisher

   Soft32
     * Home
     * Windows
     * Mac
     * Mobile
     * Blog

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Soft32
     * Blog
     * Page 2

FEATURE REVIEW – Unihertz Jelly Pro

   By Chris Spera on January 9, 2018

   The Jelly Pro takes on the Goliath’s of the Android World with the
   smallest form factor since 2006 (or so)…

   Introduction
   I remember back in the day – and I’m really targeting the 2006 – 2009
   time frame, just before, and right after the face of the smartphone
   industry changed with the impact of the release of the original iPhone
   in 2007, small one-handed devices were all the rage. At this point, the
   world was used to small, one hand operable candy bar styled phones.
   Phones just like the Jelly Pro.

   I’ve got one for review; and I’ve already done an of this phone and
   have posted it for everyone to see. I’ve been using it on and off – the
   intended use of the device – over the past few weeks or so and I think
   I finally have enough information to pass along to everyone. The Jelly
   Pro is NOT intended to be used as a daily driver. It’s meant to be a
   go-to phone when you want or need something small and still want or
   need to stay connected. Let’s take a look at the device and see if the
   Jelly Pro is something that might help you.

   Design
   The Unihertz Jelly Pro is 3.7 inches tall, 1.75 inches wide and 0.6
   inches thick. It weighs just 2.1 ounces and is so small, it can fit in
   the coin pocket of your jeans without any issues, problems or forcing.
   It slides right in. The device is so small that it really reminds me of
   the Zoolander Phone – The Veer.

   Zoolander Phone - The Veer

   The Jelly Pro supports full 4G LTE speeds and VoLTE; and should work on
   just about any GSM network. It also has dual SIM slots, allowing the
   device to support two phone numbers at the same time. This is totally
   amazing in a device that’s really this small. However, the device has a
   bit more going for it than its size. Let’s dig in…

   Display
   When you’ve got a device this small, there has to be a few draw backs.
   If there’s one spot that’s going to suffer the most, it’s the display.
   The Unihertz Jelly Pro’s display is 2.45 inches in size and has a
   resolution of 240×432 pixels. This is NOT a display that you’re going
   to want to watch any kind of video on, though the device is clearly
   capable of playing and streaming video, the screen is so small, it’s
   not something you’d want to use to watch video on unless it was all
   that you had.

   In fact, if you’re a bit older, or have poor or aging eyesight, this
   display is going to be a challenge. Its small. It’s very small…
   Especially by today’s standards where displays for phones like the
   iPhone 8 or iPhone 8 Plus are 4.7 and 5.5 inches, respectively. The
   Jelly Pro’s display is approximately 1/2 of the size of the smaller,
   iPhone 8. It has 201 PPI (pixels per inch) and supports 16M colors.
   It’s also covered with scratch resistant glass, though I can’t find any
   information on whether its Gorilla Glass or something else. (So, assume
   something else, at this point, as Gorilla Glass would be a huge
   marketing point for a device of this size.)

   The interesting thing here is that the phone’s biggest strength is also
   its biggest weakness – The phone’s size. It’s too small to do anything
   except make calls. Trust me, I’ve really tried…

   The on screen keyboard is so small, it’s amazing that you can type any
   words… in English (or your language of choice). You’re going to rely on
   autocorrect a lot on this device. You’re also going to use speech to
   text a lot with this device, too. It’s going to be very difficult to
   use, especially if you’ve got big hands. I have had a lot of trouble
   with the on screen keyboard, even with my slender fingers.

   Don’t get me wrong. The Jelly Pro has a decent screen. It’s just too
   small to do any texting with. It’s also too small to reply to any email
   with or to do any real typing with. If you’re a heavy texter, even if
   this is just an occasional device, it’s not going to be one that you’re
   going to want to send any messages with.

   Hardware
   The rest of the device actually has some decent specs… with one small
   exception – the battery. The device has 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage.
   As long as you have a decent data plan, this device should be able to
   handle audio (and honestly, video) streaming without an issue. It
   should also be able to handle local storage of some media and
   entertainment content as well. At 1.1GHz, the processor should be able
   to handle streaming audio without any concerns with lag or other
   processing issues.

   As I mentioned earlier, the only other issue that the device has is the
   battery. Its only 950mAh. This means that you’re going to be charging
   the device at least twice during the day, especially if you try use the
   device all day.

   The device will NOT last a whole day on a single charge. It simply
   won’t. The battery is just too small. You’re also going to want to make
   certain you have a microUSB cable handy. The device charges via
   microUSB, and since the battery is so small, being without one,
   especially if this is the only device you carry when you’re using it,
   is going to be a huge mistake. Charge as often as you can with this
   one…

   The Full 360
   The front of the Jelly Pro and the HTC One.  Boy this thing is small!
   02 Jelly Bottom Edge
   The bottom edge of both devices
   03 Jelly Right Edge
   The right edge of both devices. You can see the Jelly Pro’s microUSB
   port and power button here.
   04 Jelly Top Edge
   The top edge of both devices. The Jelly Pro’s 3.5mm headphone jack is
   located here.
   Jelly Left Edge
   The left edge of both devices. You can see the volume buttons on the
   Jelly Pro, here.

   Android
   The device comes with Android 7 Nougat. I haven’t heard any news
   related to the Jelly Pro running Android 8 Oreo. The one good thing
   that is going on, however, is that Unihertz is actively updating the
   device. When I turned the device on last month, I immediately got an
   update. I got another one recently as well. This kind of active support
   by the OEM really makes a huge difference. I’m very pleased that
   Unihertz is providing this much support on this device. It means a lot
   when the OEM takes an active role in a device’s life cycle.

   Conclusion
   The Unihertz Jelly Pro started through a successfully funded
   Kickstarter campaign. The device only retails for $129 USD and is
   available directly from their their website. For the price, this is a
   huge deal. The device has enough power to handle most of what you would
   want to do with a mid to low level device; and does it affordably.

   This device is cheap enough, and it’s got decent performance.
   Unfortunately, the Jelly Pro has got some serious issues with its
   battery life and the feature that’s supposed to be its biggest draw –
   its size. The screen is too small to type on. It’s too small to really
   watch any video content on. The battery is also too small to last you
   through a day with a single charge, ESPECIALLY if you use it to play
   any kind of game or watch any video. You’re going to need to charge it
   at least 2-3 times during the day.

   The biggest premise of the phone – its cheap enough to use as a
   situational phone, is seriously hampered by its size, which is one of
   its biggest selling points.

   Size in a device like this is important. That and price are the reasons
   why you buy it. However, its display size make it very difficult to use
   and the size of its battery makes it something that you’re going to
   have to charge often (at least once every 4-5 hours) under normal use,
   more frequently if you use it for any kind of streaming content,
   especially games and video.

   While the cost of the phone isn’t all that high, buying something like
   this to use in place of say, an iPhone 8 or iPhone X or even a Note 8
   when you don’t want to take the big device, is high enough that you
   probably won’t want to lay down an extra $130 bucks when you just spent
   $1000 or more dollars on the big dog, which is very disappointing…

Related Posts:

     * Unboxing the Unihertz Jelly Pro
     * Jelly – The World’s Smallest 4G/LTE Smartphone
     * FEATURE REVIEW – HTC 10
     * Smartphone 101 – Retrieving Voice Mail
     * Smartphone 101 – Making a Phone Call

   Tweet
    comments

Disable Fast Startup in Windows 10

   By Chris Spera on December 22, 2017

   This new feature in the Fall Creators Update is taking many by
   surprise…

   If you’ve got the Fall Creators Update on your Windows 10 PC, then
   you’ve probably noticed a new feature that Microsoft is calling “Fast
   Startup.” The feature claims to improve the speed of your boot times,
   so you spend less time waiting on your PC to boot and more time
   working, being productive. Windows has this feature enabled by default,
   so if you’re using the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, then, you’re
   likely booting faster than you were before, and have likely noticed it.

   Most users will like the faster booting times, but there are a few
   things about it that you should know so you can decide if you want to
   disable it or not. Understanding how it works, is going to go a long
   way to getting you to this decision.

   Normally, when you shut your PC down, you do what many call a “cold
   shutdown.” Here, you save everything to your hard drive or SSD, close
   all the programs and kill the power. RAM is cleared. When you turn the
   PC back on, it loads everything back on the drive BACK into RAM in
   order for it to function as intended. That’s the way everyone is used
   to having “shut down” work on their PC.

   When users have Fast Startup enabled, the computer doesn’t shut down,
   per se. It really hibernates instead.

   Fast Startup saves all of your active data to a hibernation file before
   turning off. When you turn it back on, it reads in the hibernation
   file, putting you back to where you were before it shut down.
   Interestingly enough, Fast Startup can only be enabled if your PC has
   the ability to hibernate, AND then only if hibernation is enabled.

   So, this brings you up and down quicker. That’s good right? Right?

   Well… not always. There are some times when you really might want it
   disabled.

   Drivers…

   Drivers are a GREAT reason why disabling features like Fast Startup are
   a good idea. Windows system drivers are historically known for being
   picky about how they are accessed. Windows has always had issues with
   power and power management, and some system level drives simply don’t
   like being accessed after being in a hibernated state. They may not
   flush out of RAM correctly. They may not initialize into RAM correctly
   from hibernation. They may really want to be loaded and/ or reloaded
   upon hardware startup in order to function correctly. When they don’t
   get initialized right, depending on how they access RAM or what
   portions of RAM they live in and access, they can either make the PC
   unstable, OR they can crash the entire PC.

   Boot loaders are another GREAT reason why you may want to disable Fast
   Startup. Some boot loaders don’t get accessed correctly from a
   hibernated state, as the Fast Startup and hibernation in general has a
   tendency to want to lock the hard drive. When you want to boot into a
   different operating system, you may find that they only way you can
   reliably do this is to reboot the PC after “resuming” via Fast Startup,
   as you can’t access the boot loader choice for additional operating
   systems upon startup.

   That extra restart WILL do a cold restart, by the way; so if you’re
   ever updating the operating system, or doing some kind of activity that
   really requires you to go “all the way down,” having Fast Startup
   enabled doesn’t prevent you from swapping out locked system files (or
   files that are in use) after Windows Update updates your PC.

   So should you ALWAYS disable Fast Startup? Signs point to, “no.”

   If things work ok for you… if you don’t have driver issues, problems or
   errors, you should be ok. You can keep it enabled and enjoy the faster
   booting times. You have to keep in mind, though, that if you want
   access to your hard drive from outside windows, you likely won’t be
   able to get that access with the feature enabled.

   If you’re noticing that you get BSoD’s or you start having issues with
   devices not working or spinning up correctly; or if things don’t work
   without an extra restart, then yeah. You may want to consider disabling
   Fast Startup. Doing this is really pretty easy.

   Ok… so how do I enable or disable Fast Startup on Windows 10’s Fall
   Creators Update?
   If you wish to disable Fast Startup, follow these simple steps:

   1. On the Desktop, press Win-X.

   2. Choose Power Options from the context menu that appears.

   3. Choose Power & sleep on the left side menu.

   4. Under Related Settings, click the Additional power settings link.
   Power and Sleep

   5. On the left side of the Power Options window that appears, click
   the, “Choose what the power button does” link.
   Power Options

   6. On the Power Options – System Settings window that appears, if you
   see an Admin Link for Change settings that are currently unavailable,
   click it.
   System Settings
   7. The three check boxes under Shutdown Settings should enable. Uncheck
   the Turn on fast startup (recommended) check box.
   Shutdown Settings

   If you don’t see a check box for fast startup, it’s because hibernation
   has somehow become disable on your PC. Renabling this is actually a lot
   easier than turning Fast Startup on or off.

   To enable hibernation on your PC, follow these steps:

   1. On the Desktop, press Win-X.

   2. Choose Command Prompt (Administrator) from the context menu that
   appears.

   3. In the Command Prompt window, type the following:

   powercfg –h /on

   and press enter

   If you need to need to disable Fast Startup, you can follow the steps
   in the above section, now.

   At this point, you will notice that it takes your PC a bit longer to
   start up. This may be an issue for you in the long run; but as they
   say, slow and steady wins the race. Any driver issues you have, should
   be gone. Any update issues you have, should certainly be gone.

   Was Fast Startup an issue for you? Did you have a need or desire to
   disable it? If so, I’d love to hear from you. Why don’t you meet me in
   the Discussion area, below and let me know what you did.

Related Posts:

     * Top 10 Features of Microsoft’s Fall Creators Update
     * Microsoft Ends Groove Music Pass
     * Immediately Speed Up Windows 10
     * How to Fix Windows 10 Memory Leaks
     * Top Privacy Settings for Windows 10

   Tweet
    comments

Apple Watch can Save your Life

   By Chris Spera on December 18, 2017

   New studies suggest that owning an Apple Watch can identify potentially
   lethal health trends

   I saw this, and I thought this was pretty cool.

   I have an Apple Watch and have enjoyed using it for just over two
   years. I use it mostly for notifications and responding to text
   messages. I also use it to keep track of my physical activity, as well,
   such as it is. As a tech and software development geek, having
   something remind you to move and to move more during your day is
   important, especially when your job has you sitting on your tush all
   day long testing software. Some folks, me included, forget to move
   without being reminded. Having a subtle reminder to stand every hour
   makes it easy for me to take a break, move, and to refocus my thoughts,
   if needed. Apple Watch has made me more productive, as a result,
   believe it or not. It’s not been an interruption.

   In a new development, it’s been found that Wearables can be used to
   accurately detect conditions like hypertension and sleep apnea in users
   that wear them. The research, conducted by health startup Cardiogram
   and UCSF, cited claims that data from heart sensors when combined with
   machine learning algorithms can identify patterns that predict if a
   person is at risk of certain health issues. The study followed more
   than 6000 subjects, some of whom were known to have been diagnosed with
   both hypertension and sleep apnea.

   Cardiogram cofounder, Brandon Ballinger wants to “transform wearables
   that people already own – Apple Watches, Android Wears, Garmins, and
   Fitbits – into inexpensive, everyday screening tools using artificial
   intelligence” into tools that can not only help keep people well, but
   drive the growth of the market. The study is headed for peer review,
   according to Ballinger. This will hopefully lead to wearables being
   validated as a screening method for this and other major health care
   conditions, like pre-diabetes and diabetes, which, appears to be next
   on Cardiogram’s hit list

   Cardiogram’s study lines up very well with the direction that Apple has
   been taking Apple Watch and the apps that are available for it in the
   App Store. Patents have been developed that involve both health related
   wearable technology by Cardiogram. Apple is also involved in a heart
   rate study partnership with Stanford University.

Related Posts:

     * Next Generation Apple TV Details Leaked
     * FEATURE REVIEW – Apple Watch – Part 3
     * FEATURE REVIEW – Apple Watch: Part 2
     * FEATURE REVIEW – Apple Watch: Part 1
     * Hell has Frozen Over – Android Wear for iOS Launched 2015-08-31

   Tweet
    comments

Apple to Buy Shazam

   By Chris Spera on December 15, 2017

   There’s an interesting rumor going around that Apple is going to buy
   Shazam for about $400M…

   shazam

   Apple announced the acquisition of Shazam in a statement to Buzzfeed
   News, on 2017-12-11. In their statement, Apple acknowledged that Shazam
   was one of the most popular apps available for download in the iOS and
   Mac App Stores; and has hundreds of millions of users, on multiple
   platforms, worldwide.

   “Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music
   discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users,” Apple’s
   Tom Neumayr said. “We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward
   to combining with Shazam upon approval of today’s agreement.”

   Apple is reportedly in late stage talks to acquire Shazam, a popular
   content recognition and identification app that is currently rounding
   up investments as it moves toward an initial public offering. This
   would be an interesting development, as the popular music recognition
   app is currently cross platform.

   Shazam has been integrated into Apple’s iOS since June of 2014 when it
   released iOS 8. While the deal between the two organizations is NOT
   finalized, its anticipated that the deal, worth approximately $400M USD
   could be announced as early as Monday, 2017-12-11.

   Originally called 2580, named after the number users had to dial to
   reach the service via text, the UK company came into existence in 1999.
   The app is now in both the iOS and Mac App Stores and has turned into a
   comprehensive audio discovery and identification service helping users
   identify songs, movies and TV shows by capturing audio. The app has
   been downloaded over 1 billion times.

   Apple partnered with Shazam’s marketing team in 2015 to help power
   their Apple Music app. This is likely where they will permanently put
   the app, should they in fact come to an agreement to purchase the
   technology.

   According to Shazam’s CEO, Rich Riley, the company reported revenues of
   £40.3M pounds for their 2016 fiscal year. Riley indicated that their
   marketing shift to advertising is what helped make them profitable and
   helped them become an acquisition target.

   Shazam is integrated into iTunes and Apple Music, and has hooks into
   the iTunes Store. On the Android side, it also has hooks into Google
   Play. iTunes users can quickly purchase recognized songs. Apple Music
   users can quickly add identified songs to a customized playlist.

   If purchased, Shazam would be Apple’s second largest acquisition in
   recent years. Apple purchased Beats for $3B USD in 2014. The Shazam
   purchase, however, at $400M, is likely to be a 60% discount over the
   organization’s most recent funding round, which valued the company and
   service at approximately $1B USD. Shazam has raised over $143M in
   funding since 2002, including monies obtained through Sony Music and
   Universal.

Related Posts:

     * WWDC 2016 Part 1 – macOS Sierra
     * Uninstall QuickTime for Windows – QUICK!
     * Do I have the AceDeceiver Malware?
     * Over, Done with, Gone: Apple Anti-Trust – Not Guilty
     * iPhone 6 Day is Upon Us! Thoughts from Yesterday

   Tweet
    comments

Apple Issues Security Update for High Sierra Root User Bug

   By Chris Spera on December 11, 2017

   Apple on Wednesday released a special security update for macOS High
   Sierra, solving a recently uncovered flaw which would let people gain
   root access without entering a password.

   You can file this one under the ol’ “face palm – how the h3ll did this
   make it out to production?” category.

   As a software development professional with over 25 years of
   experience, it really makes me wonder sometimes… It’s a question, that
   as a Quality Assurance professional, you never want to ask, or have
   someone ask YOU; but when the item in question is this blatant, you
   really can’t help it.

   Recently, a bug in macOS 10.13 High Sierra was discovered that allowed
   anyone – literally, anyone – with physical access to your Mac to log in
   with root permissions, whether they had an account on the computer or
   not.

   Root is a super user level of access. Someone with root or super user
   access can do anything and EVERYTHING to your Mac, despite any and ALL
   security settings you’ve made or apps you’ve installed. They can burn
   down your entire world with root access… and there isn’t anything on
   the computer that can stop them.

   Now, there are a few things you should know about this.

   1. As of this writing, this should no longer be an issue. Apple has
   released a security update, Security Update 2017-001, and it will
   update your High Sierra build number to 17B1002 after it installs.
   2. As of this writing, the update will come down and install
   automatically. You won’t see an update notification or red bubble on
   the App Store indicating an update is available. It’s going to install
   automatically when you restart your Mac. Period. You don’t get a
   choice.

   I wanted to get that in front of everyone before I relay the following
   comment – I’ve seen this defect in action, and it was totally
   devastating.

   root_authorizing

   In fact, it was a bit more than that. I’ve never seen such an easily
   exploitable, completely revealing security vulnerability like this…
   ever.

   I have access to Mac with a standard (non-admin) account. I don’t know
   the admin password on this box, so I couldn’t cheat on it at all. With
   the above vulnerability active on that Mac, I was able to bypass the
   administrator’s credentials and make changes to my standard account as
   if I were an admin, and I didn’t even need a password.

   As I understand it, there wasn’t a secret account or other access point
   on your computer. When users tried to log in as root, without a
   password, High Sierra wouldn’t let you in. The bug, however, occurred
   when you retried logging in as root without a password. It somehow
   burned the account in, without a password, after multiple tries. At
   that point, you had access to absolutely everything on the computer.
   When macOS again prompted you for any kind of admin permissions, simply
   entering in, “root” as the user name without a password again, got you
   authenticated.

   As I mentioned, this was probably the easiest “hack” I’ve ever done.
   You didn’t need any coding or any kind of technical knowledge. All you
   needed was physical access to the computer and the ability to spell the
   word, “root.”

   Thankfully, the hole has been patched; and it was patched, as I
   mentioned, via a silent, forced update, that, to my understanding,
   Apple has only used one time before. You didn’t get the opportunity to
   decline this update, and Apple applied it to your system without asking
   for permission or requesting a restart of your machine, or your
   knowledge, really. It simply got installed and then silently applied
   when you either rebooted or turned your Mac on.

   The only evidence that something had happened was a notification bubble
   that showed up a day or so later letting you know that the update had
   been installed.

   root_security_updated

   To be honest, I wasn’t happy with the news that this vulnerability was
   published, and I wasn’t happy with the way it was resolved, either. I
   wouldn’t have been upset with a “required” update that would have been
   installed without me getting a say in its installation IF Apple had
   told me that it was installing it. I don’t like the fact that Apple can
   just push an update to my PC and I can’t prevent it from installing, or
   even know that it was installed until AFTER it was installed.

   That’s just as bad as the vulnerability existing in the first place.

   In the future, I really wish Apple would be a bit more sensitive in
   situations like this. I *DO* understand why they did what they did.
   This was a serious bug that had to be resolved for everyone running
   High Sierra. However, I don’t like it when vendors force me to take an
   update and don’t tell me that it’s going to install or give me an
   option to postpone the update. People have been screaming about
   situations like that on the Windows side of the world since Windows 10
   was released a few years ago. Just because Microsoft does it, doesn’t
   make it ok.

   Did you happen to see this bug in action? Did you happen to play with
   it at all prior to Apple plugging the hole? Did the update reveal
   itself to you via the App Store, or did you get the silent version of
   the update shoved at you like most of the world did?

   Why don’t you meet me in the Discussion Area below, and give me your
   thoughts on the whole thing?

Related Posts:

     * New Apple Operating System Updates Released
     * RAD Software Development – For when Management Wants it Bad
     * Apple to Buy Shazam
     * Should I Upgrade or Not..? – Part 2
     * Apple’s Mid 2017 15″ MacBook Pro

   Tweet
    comments

The Difference between Outlook.com and Gmail

   By Chris Spera on December 5, 2017

   I recently had a very good friend of mine ask me the difference between
   the two. Here’s the skinny…

   eMail services today aren’t like they used to be. It used to be that
   you got email because of the online service you used (like CompuServe,
   Prodigy, American Online or MSN, to name a few…). Some of them were
   IMAP related services. Some of them were POP3 related. In very rare
   occasions, depending on the level of service you purchased, some of
   them were corporate based or corporate classed, like Microsoft Exchange
   services. And, on top of that, you nearly ALWAYS had an email
   application (like Outlook or Outlook Express) to read your email with.
   gmail

   Today, it’s a completely different story.

   Today, nearly all email addresses are services that you choose to use.
   While the players have largely changed – all except for Microsoft, who
   still offers email via Outlook.com – most users choose to use web based
   email services provided by one of the larger consumer SaaS providers
   like Google, Microsoft, (and yes, even) Yahoo! (still…).

   So, as I said, I recently had a very trusted, and good friend ask me
   what the difference between Outlook.com and Gmail were; and more
   importantly if one was better than the other. My answer, as always, was
   qualified. It depends. aL0gJ9_Y

   It depends… on your needs.

   So, for this discussion, I’m going to leave the Office compatible
   applications OUT of the conversation. Both offer Microsoft Office or
   Office compatible app suites, including eMail, but they also offer

   • Word Processing – Word Online vs. Google Docs
   • Spreadsheets – Excel Online vs. Sheets
   • Presentations – PowerPoint Online vs. Slides
   • Online Storage – OneDrive vs. Google Backup and Sync

   For the sake of our discussion, we’re going to call these pretty much
   even; though, Google’s online storage offering does offer full computer
   backup, where OneDrive does not.

   We’re going to instead concentrate on the email offering, which,
   believe it or not, is also, pretty much even. However, there are a few
   differences, and I want to touch on those so that you can pick out the
   service that is really the best for you.

   Here are the nuts and bolts of the differences between Gmail and
   Outlook.com
   Feature Gmail Outlook.com
   Cost Free Free
   Accessibility Online or Offline; but offline isn’t easy Online or
   offline
   Tags & Folders Uses labels instead of folders Folders and Categories
   SPAM Filtering Comprehensive Rudimentary
   Attachment Size 25MB 10MB


   There are perhaps one or two more differences of note; and depending on
   your situation, they may make a difference to you.

   The biggest one is that will likely may any difference to anyone is
   that Outlook.com supports Exchange and Gmail does not. This won’t make
   any difference to you unless you intend to use Microsoft Outlook as an
   email client. Exchange allows you to take full advantage of all of
   Outlook’s features.

   For example, while Gmail supports calendaring, Exchange’s calendar
   features are an industry standard. In fact, most of the features in
   Outlook are an industry standard. The thing about Outlook.com is that
   if you really want to use it, you’re best email client is going to be
   Outlook. If you’re not wanting to use Outlook, then you don’t have to.

   Outlook.com will still work with a web browser, and work well; but if
   you really want that to work well, you’re going to need to use Edge or
   Internet Explorer. While Outlook.com works with any web browser, its
   feature set is deprecated with anything else other than a Microsoft web
   browser. Gmail works with Outlook, but it requires either POP3 or IMAP
   configurations. Gmail also really wants to live in a browser, and more
   than that… it really wants to live in Google Chrome.

   So, at the end of the day, where does this really leave us? Honestly,
   that’s pretty easy.

   If you want to use Outlook, then you should choose Outlook.com or
   Office 365 for your email needs. Outlook.com will default to Exchange
   regardless of the email address it creates for you. If you want to use
   it as either a POP3 or IMAP service, you can, of course, but you won’t
   get the advantages of Exchange, in Microsoft Outlook if you go that
   route.

   If Exchange Services aren’t important to you, then , as I mentioned you
   can still use Outlook.com as a POP3 or IMAP service provider, or you
   can simply go with Gmail, which has some of the most reliable, easiest
   to configure services available It just depends on what you want to do
   and how you want to do it… It’s really up to you.

   So what are the differences between Gmail and Outlook.com? Why do you
   pick one over the other? To be honest, I’m going to tell you exactly
   what I told my friend:

   They’re effectively identical.

   The only reason why you choose one over the other is going to depend on
   what type of mobile devices you have (Google services plays best with
   Android devices…); or whether or not you need or want Exchange.

   If either of these are a toss up, then by all means, just pick one. To
   be honest, most folks aren’t going to care and it won’t really matter…
   It’s not your email needs that are going to drive you to pick one over
   the other. It’s going to be another service – Exchange, Office Suite
   compatibility, web browser needs/ choice, or full app client that are
   going to push you to choose one over the other.

   If none of that makes a difference to you, then by all means… flip a
   coin.

   However, I’d love to hear what you chose and why. Did you go Google or
   Microsoft? Chrome or Outlook? Why don’t you meet me in the Discussion
   area, below and tell me what direction you went and why. I’d love to
   hear all about it.

Related Posts:

     * Smartphone 101 – Retrieving Voice Mail
     * Smartphone 101 – Making a Phone Call
     * Smartphone 101 – Prerequisite 2: Setting up a Sync Relationship
       with Windows Phone
     * Smartphone 101 – Prerequisite #1: Setting up Your Address Book
     * Get your Gmail data in your Outlook installation with Outlook4Gmail

   Tweet
    comments

Unboxing the Unihertz Jelly Pro

   By Chris Spera on November 24, 2017

   I never thought the Zoolander phone was real… until now.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/a6iuB5GU05c

   The Unihertz Jelly Pro is here! Just off of successful campaigns on
   both Kickstarter,and Indegogo, the Jelly Pro is intended to be a
   supplemental device and not your daily driver. The device is tiny. It
   fits in the coin pocket on your jeans. It fits into a small party
   clutch.

   It goes where you do when you can’t take your standard, five plus inch
   smartphone, yet still provides all the power and functionality of your
   regular Android phone, without taking up all the space and without the
   risk of breakage (because you stuck it in a rear pocket or some other
   place where its likely to get sat on…
   Jelly
   Full Specs are below.

   • 4G/ LTE Smartphone (with support for VoLTE (voice over LTE))
   • Quad Core CPU 1.1gHz
   • 2GB RAM
   • 16GB ROM
   • 950mAh Battery – Reported 4-12 hours real use, depending on apps
   installed
   • 2.45 Inch (62.23mm) Display
   • 8MP Rear Facing Camera
   • 2MP Front Facing Camera
   • Android 7.0 Nougat (out of the box)
   • Connectivity Support:
   o LTE
   o WLAN
   o Bluetooth
   o GPS

   Unihertz doesn’t have all of the details I’m looking for in their tech
   specs, so I’m doing a bit more digging and investigating to see if I
   can get information on connectivity support and when (read: IF) Unhertz
   will be updating Jelly Pro to Android 8 Oreo.

   The full review is still in the works!

Related Posts:

     * FEATURE REVIEW – Unihertz Jelly Pro
     * Jelly – The World’s Smallest 4G/LTE Smartphone
     * FEATURE REVIEW – HTC 10
     * Smartphone 101 – Retrieving Voice Mail
     * Smartphone 101 – Making a Phone Call

   Tweet
    comments

Microsoft Introduces Surface Book 2

   By Chris Spera on November 20, 2017

   If you thought Surface was just a passing fancy, think again…

   Surface-Book-2-696x429

   I’ve always been a HUGE fan of Microsoft Signature PC’s. They are, in
   my opinion, the best Windows experience that you can buy. They don’t
   have any extra crap on them that would take away from or distract you
   from your computing purpose. It’s one of the reasons why I really like
   Microsoft Surface PC’s as well.

   Over the past five or so years, I’ve had an original Surface Pro, a
   Surface Pro 3 and a Surface Book. The combination of the devices
   features – like the touch screens and pens – have made the Surface line
   one that I find very valuable, especially in a corporate setting. The
   Surface Pro and the Surface Book are both perfect for Microsoft OneNote
   and for a number of different business applications, including custom
   sales and invoicing apps as well as process and business flow.

   Recently, Microsoft released an update to their Surface Book line, and
   this update, is squarely aimed at not only the creative professional,
   but the enterprise as well. The Surface Book 2 now comes in both its
   original 13 inch size, but also a new, 15 inch version. The new size,
   paired with Intel’s eight generation Core i processor and better
   graphics hardware also enables Microsoft’s Mixed Reality Headsets.

   Like its earlier iterations, the Surface Book 2 has put the bulk of its
   processing power in the tablet. The keyboard houses both the extra
   battery and the new Nvidia graphics cards. The 13″ version has an
   optional Nvidia GeForce 1050 and the 15″ gets a GeForce 1060 by
   default. Both are mainstream gaming graphics cards and a big step up
   from what the Surface Book was previously equipped with.

   The following are basic specs for both versions of the Surface Book 2.



   Surface Book 2 – 13″ Surface Book 2 15″
   Processor Intel 8th-gen Core i5 (dual-core) or i7 (quad-core) U-series
   processors Intel 8th-gen Core i7 U-series processors
   Display 13.5-inch 3,000×2,000-pixel display 15-inch 3,240×2,160-pixel
   display
   Graphics Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 GPU

   (Core i7 version only)
   Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 GPU
   USB Ports 2x USB-A 3.1 ports

   1x USB-C 3.1 port
   2x USB-A 3.1 ports

   1x USB-C 3.1 port
   Card Reader SDXC card reader SDXC card reader
   RAM 8GB or 16GB RAM 16GB RAM
   Storage 256GB, 512GB or 1TB SSD storage 256GB, 512GB or 1TB SSD storage
   Intel 8th-gen Core i5 (dual-core) or i7 (quad-core) U-series processors
   Intel 8th-gen Core i7 U-series processors

   When it comes to augmented reality, both of these convertibles are in
   good shape to perform well. Both work well with Microsoft’s Pen and the
   Fall Creators Update version of Windows 10. You can, for example,
   create a file in Microsoft’s Paint 3D and then drop it into a real word
   situation, capturing everything with the device’s 8MP, rear-facing
   camera. The only problem that you’re going to have here, when trying to
   hook into AR headsets is the lack of an HDMI port, though you shouldn’t
   have any real concerns with performance of the box or its graphics
   adapters. According to recent test results, both versions of the
   Surface Book 2 can be taken seriously as gaming machines, which is
   kinda cool.

   Microsoft is also releasing a new mouse, called the Surface Precision
   Mouse. It’s got a more traditional design than either the original
   Surface Mouse or the Surface Arc Mouse. It also includes a set of
   programmable left side buttons; and supports both wired USB and
   wireless Bluetooth connectivity. As of this writing, pricing for these
   devices has not been released, though you should expect them to fall
   somewhere between $50 and $80 USD.

   Microsoft is putting the Surface Book 2 directly against the new Apple
   MacBook Pro. According to Microsoft, the Surface Book 2 is a much
   better performer. There may be some truth to this, as the Apple MacBook
   Pros are still using previous generation Core Intel processor. Pricing
   for the new Microsoft Surface Book2 starts at $1499 USD for the 13 inch
   version and $2499 for the 15″ version.

   In my opinion, pricing for the Surface Book line has always been a bit
   on the high side. As I previously stated, Microsoft is clearly
   targeting the Surface Book 2 at Apple’s MacBook Pro. The problem that I
   have with this pricing strategy is that the MacBook Pro is a clearly
   well established, top performing machine with a long history of top
   notch components and high price tags.

   Microsoft doesn’t have any of these precedent, with any version of the
   Surface Book. The device has had what I would consider to be a mediocre
   performance history, especially with all of the issues that were first
   encountered with the original Surface Book and its ROM problems.

   This update is also mostly what I would call an evolutionary update
   rather than any update of note. Surface Book with Performance Base,
   released earlier this year, put a better graphics card in the keyboard
   along with the extra battery. It also bumped the price up quite a bit.

   The Surface Book 2 offers a new processor and a new graphics card; but
   the fact that it also offers a new 15″ screen size takes this device to
   a completely new level, in my opinion. It clearly brings the Surface
   Book up into a better class of computing device, and may actually make
   the larger price tag, a bit more reasonable. To be honest, we’re going
   to have to wait and see on that one, though. The a5″ version is new.
   It’s a completely different device than the 13″ version, with different
   components and different drivers; and Microsoft has always had an issue
   with drivers and components when it comes to Windows, regardless of
   version. So this clearly falls in the wait and see category…

   Is Surface Book 2 something that you’re interested in? Will it be a
   convertible that you pursue or keep your eye on as a potential work
   tool? I’d love to hear what you plan to do. Why don’t you give me your
   thoughts in the Discussion area below?

Related Posts:

     * Is Surface Pro 3 Microsoft’s Last Chance
     * Top Creator’s Update Issues and How to Fix Them
     * Surface Book Supplies are Constrained – Part 1
     * Why Don’t they just Upgrade, Already..?!?
     * Surface Truisms – You Get What you Pay For

   Tweet
    comments
   « Previous Page
   Next Page »

   Stay in touch with Soft32

Soft32.com is a software free download website that provides:

   121.218 programs and games that were downloaded 237.780.356 times by
   402.775 members in our Soft32.com Community!

   Get the latest software updates directly to your inbox
   (submit) Subscribe
   Soft32 on

   Platforms
     * Android
     * iOS
     * Mac
     * Mobile
     * Web
     * Windows

   Features
     * Downloads of the day
     * News
     * Newsletter
     * Picks of the week
     * Reviews
     * Special Deals & Promotions
     * Tutorials & Tips

   Categories
     * Audio
     * Design
     * Games & Consoles
     * Internet
     * Operating Systems
     * Photo
     * Plugins
     * Productivity
     * Security
     * Software
     * Tech & Gadgets
     * Utilities
     * Video

   Popular Posts
     * Ammyy Admin – Take Control.
     * Browse websites with UC Browser from your Android Device
     * Chat with all of your Facebook friends with this handy Windows app
     * Valve announces Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
     * More than 100 million people use an Opera mobile browser

   Tags
   android Apple Apple Store apple watch audio backup bill gates browser
   desktop dvd facebook free game games gaming google hdd iDevice internet
   ios ipad iphone iPhone 5 itunes mac malware microsoft microsoft band
   mobile music olio pc samsung security smartphone smartwatch surface pro
   surface pro 3 tablet video windows windows 7 windows 8 Windows 10
   windows 10 technical preview

   Find us on Facebook

   IFRAME:
   //www.facebook.com/plugins/page.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com
   %2Fsoft32com&tabs=&width=296&height=255&small_header=false&adapt_contai
   ner_width=true&hide_cover=false&show_facepile=true&show_border=false&he
   ader=false

     * Home
     * Submit Software
     * Support
     * Contact Us
     * Advertise with Us
     * All Software
     * Sitemap
     * Jobs
     * Blog
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * RSS

   Soft32

   © 2003 - 2013 ITNT. All rights reserved.
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Service
     * Copyright
     * EULA
     * DMCA
     * Uninstall

   By operating system:

   [ ] All OSes
   [ ] Windows [ ] Mac [ ] Mobile

   By licence:

   [ ] All licences
   [ ] Adware [ ] Commercial Demo [ ] Data Only [ ] Freeware [ ] Open
   Source [ ] Purchase only [ ] Shareware

   Last updated in:

   (*) Anytime
   ( ) Last week ( ) Last month ( ) Last 6 months ( ) Last year

   JavaScript is required to properly view this page.
   #publisher Soft32 Blog » Search Results for “{search_term_string}” Feed

   Soft32
     * Home
     * Windows
     * Mac
     * Mobile
     * Blog

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Soft32
     * Blog
     * Search results for '{search_term_string}'

No results found for '{search_term_string}'

   Stay in touch with Soft32

Soft32.com is a software free download website that provides:

   121.218 programs and games that were downloaded 237.780.356 times by
   402.775 members in our Soft32.com Community!

   Get the latest software updates directly to your inbox
   (submit) Subscribe
   Soft32 on

   Platforms
     * Android
     * iOS
     * Mac
     * Mobile
     * Web
     * Windows

   Features
     * Downloads of the day
     * News
     * Newsletter
     * Picks of the week
     * Reviews
     * Special Deals & Promotions
     * Tutorials & Tips

   Categories
     * Audio
     * Design
     * Games & Consoles
     * Internet
     * Operating Systems
     * Photo
     * Plugins
     * Productivity
     * Security
     * Software
     * Tech & Gadgets
     * Utilities
     * Video

   Popular Posts
     * Ammyy Admin – Take Control.
     * Browse websites with UC Browser from your Android Device
     * Chat with all of your Facebook friends with this handy Windows app
     * Valve announces Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
     * More than 100 million people use an Opera mobile browser

   Tags
   android Apple Apple Store apple watch audio backup bill gates browser
   desktop dvd facebook free game games gaming google hdd iDevice internet
   ios ipad iphone iPhone 5 itunes mac malware microsoft microsoft band
   mobile music olio pc samsung security smartphone smartwatch surface pro
   surface pro 3 tablet video windows windows 7 windows 8 Windows 10
   windows 10 technical preview

   Find us on Facebook

   IFRAME:
   //www.facebook.com/plugins/page.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com
   %2Fsoft32com&tabs=&width=296&height=255&small_header=false&adapt_contai
   ner_width=true&hide_cover=false&show_facepile=true&show_border=false&he
   ader=false

     * Home
     * Submit Software
     * Support
     * Contact Us
     * Advertise with Us
     * All Software
     * Sitemap
     * Jobs
     * Blog
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * RSS

   Soft32

   © 2003 - 2013 ITNT. All rights reserved.
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Service
     * Copyright
     * EULA
     * DMCA
     * Uninstall

   By operating system:

   [ ] All OSes
   [ ] Windows [ ] Mac [ ] Mobile

   By licence:

   [ ] All licences
   [ ] Adware [ ] Commercial Demo [ ] Data Only [ ] Freeware [ ] Open
   Source [ ] Purchase only [ ] Shareware

   Last updated in:

   (*) Anytime
   ( ) Last week ( ) Last month ( ) Last 6 months ( ) Last year

   JavaScript is required to properly view this page.
   #publisher Soft32 Blog » Microsoft Releases Additional Patches Comments
   Feed alternate alternate

   Soft32
     * Home
     * Windows
     * Mac
     * Mobile
     * Blog

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Soft32
     * Blog
     * Platforms
     * Windows
     * Microsoft Releases Additional Patches

Microsoft Releases Additional Patches

   By Chris Spera on March 8, 2018

   Meltdown and Spectre patches have been rereleased and they don’t crash
   AMD machines any more!


   During january’s Patch Tuesday, Microsoft released patches for both
   Meltdown and Spectre. They worked, too.  Well, for Intel processors,
   anyway.  AMD processors didn’t have as great an experience.  Some AMD
   based computers ended up getting bricked.  Once the reports of this
   reached Microsoft, they pulled the patches, cand cancelled Patch
   Tuesday.

   On 2018-01-17, Microsoft rereleased AMD based patches for Windows 10.
   What makes this a bit confusing for many is that depending on the
   version of Windows 10 you’re running, you obviously end up with a
   different build for that version of Windows 10.  Microsoft released
   build 14393.2034 for the Anniversary Update and build 15063.877 for the
   Creators update. Microsoft also released build 16299.194 for the Fall
   Creators Update.  This last build contained a fix for AMD devices.

   There are a few issues that you need to be aware of in all of these
   builds. Thankfully, Neowin kindly pulled the following information
   together for everyone.
   Symptom Workaround
   Windows Update History reports that KB4054517 failed to install because
   of Error 0x80070643. Even though the update was successfully installed,
   Windows Update incorrectly reports that the update failed to install.
   To verify the installation, select Check for Updates to confirm that
   there are no additional updates available.

   You can also type About your PC in the Search box on your taskbar to
   confirm that your device is using the expected OS build.

   Microsoft is working on a resolution and will provide an update in an
   upcoming release.
   When calling CoInitializeSecurity, the call will fail if passing
   RPC_C_IMP_LEVEL_NONE under certain conditions.

   When calling CoInitializeSecurity, the call may fail when passing
   RPC_C_AUTHN_LEVEL_NONE as the authentication level. The error returned
   on failure is STATUS_BAD_IMPERSONATION_LEVEL.
   Change the authentication level parameter to RPC_C_AUTHN_LEVEL_CALL.

   Microsoft is working on a resolution and will provide an update in an
   upcoming release.
   Due to compatibility issues with some versions of antivirus software,
   this update causes stop errors or abrupt reboots. Contact your
   antivirus (AV) vendor and follow their guidance.


   Microsoft further released additional patches for Windows 10 Version
   1511, Build 10586.1358.  This update further has AMD based fixes in
   it.  There are also known issues with it, and again, thanks to Neowin,
   we have the following details
   Symptom Workaround
   When calling CoInitializeSecurity, the call will fail if passing
   RPC_C_IMP_LEVEL_NONE under certain conditions.

   When calling CoInitializeSecurity, the call may fail when passing
   RPC_C_AUTHN_LEVEL_NONE as the authentication level. The error returned
   on failure is STATUS_BAD_IMPERSONATION_LEVEL.
   Change the authentication level parameter to RPC_C_AUTHN_LEVEL_CALL.

   Microsoft is working on a resolution and will provide an update in an
   upcoming release.
   Due to an issue with some versions of antivirus software, this fix only
   applies to the machines where the antivirus ISV has updated the ALLOW
   REGKEY. Contact your antivirus AV to confirm that

   their software is compatible and have set

   the following REGKEY on the machine

   Key=”HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE” Subkey=”SOFTWARE\Microsoft\

   Windows\CurrentVersion\QualityCompat”

   Value Name=”cadca5fe-87d3-4b96-b7fb-a231484277cc”

   Type=”REG_DWORD”

   Data=”0x00000000”


Related Posts:

     * Check for Windows 10 Updates
     * Microsoft Introduces Surface Book 2
     * Immediately Speed Up Windows 10
     * How to Fix Windows 10 Memory Leaks
     * Top Privacy Settings for Windows 10

   Tweet
    comments
   [INS: :INS]

   Stay in touch with Soft32

Soft32.com is a software free download website that provides:

   121.218 programs and games that were downloaded 237.780.356 times by
   402.775 members in our Soft32.com Community!

   Get the latest software updates directly to your inbox
   (submit) Subscribe
   Soft32 on

   Platforms
     * Android
     * iOS
     * Mac
     * Mobile
     * Web
     * Windows

   Features
     * Downloads of the day
     * News
     * Newsletter
     * Picks of the week
     * Reviews
     * Special Deals & Promotions
     * Tutorials & Tips

   Categories
     * Audio
     * Design
     * Games & Consoles
     * Internet
     * Operating Systems
     * Photo
     * Plugins
     * Productivity
     * Security
     * Software
     * Tech & Gadgets
     * Utilities
     * Video

   Popular Posts
     * Ammyy Admin – Take Control.
     * Browse websites with UC Browser from your Android Device
     * Chat with all of your Facebook friends with this handy Windows app
     * Valve announces Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
     * More than 100 million people use an Opera mobile browser

   Tags
   android Apple Apple Store apple watch audio backup bill gates browser
   desktop dvd facebook free game games gaming google hdd iDevice internet
   ios ipad iphone iPhone 5 itunes mac malware microsoft microsoft band
   mobile music olio pc samsung security smartphone smartwatch surface pro
   surface pro 3 tablet video windows windows 7 windows 8 Windows 10
   windows 10 technical preview
     * Home
     * Submit Software
     * Support
     * Contact Us
     * Advertise with Us
     * All Software
     * Sitemap
     * Jobs
     * Blog
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * RSS

   Soft32

   © 2003 - 2013 ITNT. All rights reserved.
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Service
     * Copyright
     * EULA
     * DMCA
     * Uninstall

   By operating system:

   [ ] All OSes
   [ ] Windows [ ] Mac [ ] Mobile

   By licence:

   [ ] All licences
   [ ] Adware [ ] Commercial Demo [ ] Data Only [ ] Freeware [ ] Open
   Source [ ] Purchase only [ ] Shareware

   Last updated in:

   (*) Anytime
   ( ) Last week ( ) Last month ( ) Last 6 months ( ) Last year

   JavaScript is required to properly view this page.
