   #Movaline - Atom Movaline - RSS

   Movaline

Pages

     * Home
     * About
     * Beauty
     * Fashion

Friday, February 7, 2014

Do you really need it?

   I lost all of my clothes and shoes in a flood in 2010. I had to start
   my wardrobe over again and I was extremely limited on funds. It took
   two years for me to build it back up and even then, I always felt like
   something was missing.
   [hangers.jpg] My strategy had been to buy things on sale or clearance
   and not even touch anything that wasn't on sale. It was a good plan -
   kind of. It fit my budget at the time. I was able to purchase work and
   weekend wardrobe items for very little money. Some deals were great,
   but other things I wore just because they were cheap. Flats for $7.99?
   Sure. Dress for $10? I'll take it. Were they things I absolutely loved?
   Rarely. But at least I wasn't going naked...
   [clothes.jpg]
   In 2013, it dawned on me that I was doing this all wrong. My closet was
   packed. I had tons of shoes and clothes. I didn't really love anything.
   I had plenty to wear and didn't want to wear any of it. I was still in
   the habit of buying cheap, buying a lot. What if I took the money I
   would spend on two $10 dresses and buy a $20 dress?
   I was in Target yesterday and immediately saw a blue & black Aztec
   sweater hanging in the clearance section. The price tag was $16 and
   some change. I immediately put in my shopping cart without thinking
   twice. Sure, I could browse the clearance racks and find two tops for
   $8, but why? I loved the sweater. Right now I'm typing this while
   wearing that lovely sweater and I have no regrets.
   I find myself buying LESS these days, but I have MORE to love. It's
   easy to slip into the addiction of finding a "bargain", but usually
   that bargain goes in a pile with the rest of your bargains and doesn't
   bring too much joy.
   The moral of my story is: buy what you love. Bargain shop, by all
   means, yes. Just realize the value of owning a piece you truly enjoy.
   Posted by Movaline at 3:24 PM 1 comment:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: fashion

Pain Free Secret for After Waxing

   A few years ago, I started waxing my eyebrows at home and I haven't
   been back to a salon since. It's way cheaper and easy once you get the
   hang of it. But, no matter if I'm waxing at home or in a salon, I hate
   that terrible burn and pain that comes after waxing!

   One day, I discovered the cure. I had just waxed my eyebrows. They were
   bright red and felt like they were going to burst into flames any
   second. I noticed I had a bottle of aloe vera gel with lidocaine under
   the bathroom counter. I remember when I was younger my grandmother
   would use an aloe plant anytime she burned herself in the kitchen. Aloe
   vera gel is also great for sun burns. Lidocaine is used to numb
   skin. PERFECT combo for painful waxed areas! A great idea was born.

   I swear by aloe vera gel with lidocaine! Just take a small amount and
   rub it into the burned area. It will tingle, but relief is almost
   instant. My skin doesn't hurt anymore and all of the redness from
   waxing is gone by the next day!

   Even better, you can pick up a big bottle at most stores for under $5.
   It lasts practically forever!

   [lido.jpg]
   Posted by Movaline at 2:20 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: beauty

I'm back!

   I'm finally back. I didn't mean to stay away for so long! I would often
   have an idea to post about, but never made it to the laptop with it.
   My first approach with this blog was to do some affiliate type links
   and see where that got me. It only got me a lot of frustration. :(   I
   may still do them in the future...however, right now I want to focus on
   content - GOOD content.
   I want to be real - I want to give some negative reviews! Because some
   products really deserve them...ha.  I want to also give great reviews
   and advice.
   So I'm steering this ride a little to the left... time for new posts!
   Posted by Movaline at 2:08 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Wednesday, October 30, 2013

10 Trends I Can't Get Behind

   [trends.PNG]
   There are a few trends I hate. Or maybe I just don't understand them?
   Either way, I thought I would share with you some things you'll never
   catch me wearing...
   1. Animals on sweaters
   Kittens, puppies, foxes, oh my! They are everywhere. I don't think I
   could wear one without feeling like I was eight years old again. I
   think that was cool back then, right? I don't know, but everything
   inside of me screams that this trend is not for me.
   [cat.png]
   2. Galaxy leggings
   Sure, my thighs might be as vast as the milky way, but I don't need the
   galaxy printed across them. Maybe I'm starting to show my age, but even
   ten years ago in my teens I don't think I would sport these bad boys.
   [galaxy.jpg]

   3. Chunky heels
   Hello, chunky heels. Please go back to the 90s where you belong! They
   might be easier to walk in than their stiletto counterparts, but they
   are so bulky and look sloppy. You're better off in flats. Or barefoot.

   [chunkyheels.jpg]
   ﻿
   4. Platform sneakers - "Flatforms"
   I first noticed these making a comeback after Miley Cyrus wore them.
   Um, that should be a clue enough. I wouldn't follow her fashion lead.
   These are not the least bit cute.
   [platform.jpg]
   5. Cat flats
   While we're on the subject of bad shoes, let's ask the questions,
   "why?", regarding cat flats, or whatever they're called. Are you
   supposed to wear them with your cat sweater?
   [Charlotte-Olympia-Cat-Flats_0.jpg]
   6. Glitter sequin uggs
   Boots with caked on glitter sequins or any shoes with caked on glitter
   remind me of a girly tin man.
   [glitter-uggs.jpg]
   7. Harem pants
   This lady at my work wears harem pants but she doesn't weigh more than
   90 pounds. These pants, however, make you look huge. You're not MC
   Hammer. Wear some jeans.
   [harem_pants(5).jpg]
   8. Striped pants
   You're not Robin Thicke or Beetlejuice...and most jail inmates wear
   orange. So, please, step away from the stripes.
   [stripedpants.jpg]
   9. Leather / pleather tops
   I can deal with just about anything leather besides leather shirts.
   They look hot and sticky and have no stretch to them. Biker gangs don't
   even wear them so you shouldn't either.
   [leathershirt.jpg]
   10. Studded / spiked shirts, bracelets, shoes, etc.
   I'm a clumsy person and I don't want to fall and impale myself on my
   article of clothing. I could also potentially poke one of my eyes out
   or someone else's. That is just how my luck goes.
   [spike-3.jpg]
   I will stop at 10. This is list is gag worthy enough!
   (This post was not intended to offend. Fashion is always about your own
   personal sense of style and what works for you. Feel free to tell me
   what you hate/love in the comments.)
   Posted by Movaline at 1:14 PM 1 comment:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: fashion

Tuesday, October 29, 2013

Little Black Dress Jewelry

   Every lady should own a little black dress. But, how should you
   accessorize it?
   I love statement necklaces. Black goes with virtually any color. You
   can be as daring (neon yellow) or as meek (silver) as you'd like to be.
   Jewelry can transform any outfit! Even a bland t-shirt can be
   transformed with a statement necklace or the right piece of jewelry.
   Forever 21 has some seriously cute necklaces at great prices.
   [neck.PNG]
   Statement faux stone necklace: here | Faux stone cluster: here
   | Modernist geo: here | Bejeweled bib: here | Opulent layered: here |
   Layered faux stone fringe: here | Bejeweled Opaque: here | Geo bib
   necklace: here | Glam faceted stone bib: here | Femme scalloped: here
   These necklaces are affordable at under $15 a piece. You don't have to
   commit to a certain piece of jewelry (which I hate to do) due to the
   great prices.
   There is just something about a statement necklace that makes me feel
   instantly put together!
   Posted by Movaline at 11:04 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: fashion

Monday, October 28, 2013

What I Wore Today 10/28/13

   [whatiwore102813.PNG]
   Black top: here | Leopard dress: here | Boots: here | Necklace: here
   Sometimes I wear my dresses as skirts! Well, I wear a shirt over them
   and no one knows the difference. :)  I always try to think of new ways
   to wear clothes and this is a great example.
   I love leopard print but I try not to over do it. I limit myself to one
   leopard print piece per outfit. I keep the rest neutral or sometimes
   add a pop of color. I kept this outfit simple with black boot wedges
   and a dolman top. The necklace adds some sparkle. That's all I needed
   for this gloomy day.
   Posted by Movaline at 4:56 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: fashion

  EOS Blueberry Acai Lip Balm Review

   [eos.PNG]
   Don't you just love comfort foods? I love blueberry muffins. You know
   what EOS Blueberry Acai reminds me of? A blueberry muffin in egg form.
   Blueberry Acai smells just like a blueberry muffin and tastes so good.
   I was pleasantly surprised.
   I previously reviewed the Strawberry Sorbet, and it seems like
   Blueberry Acai is slightly different in it's moisturizing ability. I
   would say Blueberry Acai is a step up, A+. I thought the formula would
   be the same, but I could swear that Blueberry Acai is actually more
   hydrating and goes on smoother.
    I also love the packaging. It's unique and fun and I don't lose it
   like I lose my other lip balms.
   This is my favorite EOS lip balm to date!
   [eos.png]

   EOS - or Evolution of Smooth - claims "95% organic, 100% natural, and
   paraben and petrolatum free, packed with antioxidant-rich vitamin E,
   soothing shea butter and jojoba oil, to keep your lips moist, soft and
   sensationally smooth."

   Posted by Movaline at 4:01 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

movaline

   I'm a mid-twenty something with a love for all things girly.

Connect

   [2ev68oz.png] [25f7xg3.png] [2r20h75.png] [20fysr7.png] [o76qma.png]
   [2zxpcea.png]
   Movaline
   Tweets by @movaline

Search This Blog

   __________ Search

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2014 (3)
          + ▼  February (3)
               o Do you really need it?
               o Pain Free Secret for After Waxing
               o I'm back!

     * ►  2013 (41)
          + ►  October (23)
          + ►  September (18)

   Wal-Mart.com USA, LLC
   Forever 21

   Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
