   Why DrawbridgeProducts
   Identity PlatformRichQuery API
   Login (BUTTON) Get In Touch→

Privacy Policy

   Updated on Nov 9, 2018

Welcome to the web site, www.drawbridge.com, www.drawbrid.ge, (the "Site") of
Drawbridge, Inc. ("Drawbridge", "we", "us" and/or "our"). This Site is
operated by Drawbridge and has been created to provide information about
Drawbridge and its data analytics and advertising services, which include
cross-device matching (the "Drawbridge Services" or “Services”).

   ceaec054

   This Privacy Policy sets forth Drawbridge's policy with respect to
   information including personal information and other information that
   is collected from or about users of the Site and of Drawbridge
   Services, such as advertisers or suppliers of advertising inventory
   ("Customers", “you” and/or “your”), as well as end users of websites
   and applications ("Users"). It also describes the choices available to
   you regarding our use of your information and how you may be able to
   access and update this information.

   For purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information is
   information that can be used to readily identify a specific individual.
   It includes information such as name, physical address, phone number
   and email address (that is not de-identified). Personal information
   does not include anonymized or aggregated information that does not
   reference a specific individual.

   Before using the Drawbridge Services, you and/or your partners
   (including service providers) should ensure that you are providing
   Users with notice of the use of online behavioral advertising and
   cross-device matching as well as an opt-out mechanism.

   Drawbridge is a member in good standing of the Network Advertising
   Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. Click here to
   learn more about the NAI. We adhere to the DAA Principles for Online
   Behavioral Advertising as they apply to our activities. Click here to
   learn more about the DAA. In Canada, we adhere to the Digital
   Advertising Alliance of Canada’s (DAAC) Self-Regulatory Principles for
   Online Behavioural Advertising. Click here to learn more about the
   DAAC.

   If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
   addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party
   dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
   https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Data Collected on the Site about Customers

   We collect data from you when you voluntarily provide such information,
   such as when you contact us with inquiries or register for access to
   the Drawbridge Services. Depending on the context, such data may
   include your name, email address, company name, phone number, payment
   information and the like. By voluntarily providing us with your data,
   you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy
   Policy. If you provide your data, you acknowledge and agree that such
   data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and
   servers of Drawbridge and the authorized third parties referred to
   herein.

Other Information / Aggregate Data

   Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with Drawbridge through the
   Site, we receive and store certain non-personally identifiable
   information. Such information, which is collected passively using the
   technologies set out below, cannot presently be used to specifically
   identify you. Drawbridge may store such information itself or such
   information may be included in databases owned and maintained by
   Drawbridge affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use such
   information and pool it with other information to analyze, for example,
   the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to
   each page of our Site and how such users interact with the Site.

   We and our partners use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags,
   and scripts to analyze trends, administer the Site, provide additional
   functionality to the Site, and to gather demographic information about
   our Customers. We may receive reports based on the use of these
   technologies by third party companies on an individual and aggregated
   basis. We may use our own technology or may partner with a third party
   to either display advertising on our website or to manage our
   advertising on other sites. Drawbridge and our third-party partners may
   use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your
   activities on this Site and other sites to provide you advertising
   based upon your browsing activities and interests.

   Aggregated Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve
   the users of the Drawbridge Services, Drawbridge may compile and
   analyze on an aggregate basis, information about its Customers, and
   Drawbridge may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents
   and business partners. This information includes internet protocol (IP)
   addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP),
   referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and
   clickstream data but does not identify you personally. Drawbridge may
   also disclose aggregated Customer statistics to describe our services
   to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties
   for other lawful purposes.

Data Collected through the Drawbridge Services about Users

   The Drawbridge Services allow us to collect and store information about
   User interactions with third-party websites and applications that use
   our technologies, which include browser cookies, pixels, and server to
   server connections. A "cookie" is a piece of information that the
   computer that hosts a site or advertisement gives to a User’s browser
   when a User accesses a site or advertisement. A pixel is a piece of
   code which is used by a website or third party to assign online
   activities to a computer or browser. Cookies and pixels are used to
   collect and store information about web browsers across web sites over
   time.

   Drawbridge receives information from its Customers. The information we
   receive from server-side platforms may include data such as, the page a
   User has requested, the date and time the User has visited the page,
   the device internet protocol (IP) address, mobile device identifier
   (such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID), geolocation (including
   GPS coordinates), browser type, carrier, referring/exit pages, device
   model, operating system, gender, age, clickstream data and cookie
   information. This User data is collected through ad requests received
   from various advertising exchanges, platform and ad networks. Customers
   may provide us with IP addresses and first party identifiers such as
   hashed email addresses and mobile device identifiers.

   We also receive information about Users from advertisers and/or their
   service providers such as mobile device identifiers, IP addresses,
   website cookie information and post-conversion data (from both online
   and offline behavior).

   We may combine the information we collect about Users with demographic,
   geolocation, and interest-based segment data, along with event-based
   data, cookie information and hashed email addresses from third-party
   providers.

   Drawbridge does not use any data segments it considers sensitive such
   as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or sensitive
   health categories to tailor ads on behalf of our Customers.

OUR USE OF DATA COLLECTED FROM OUR CUSTOMERS

   Drawbridge uses the data it receives in a manner that is consistent
   with this Privacy Policy. If you provide data to obtain access to the
   Drawbridge Services, we will use your data to provide you with access
   to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Drawbridge
   and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the " Related Companies") may also
   use your data to help us improve the content and functionality of the
   Site, to better understand our users and to improve the Drawbridge
   Services for our Customers. Drawbridge and its Related Companies may
   use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about
   services we believe will be of interest to you.

OUR USE OF USER DATA COLLECTED THROUGH OUR SERVICES

   We use the data we receive through our technologies, in conjunction
   with other third-party data, to provide services to our Customers such
   as tools to see how their website or mobile applications are used and
   tools to enable the display of targeted advertisements to Users,
   including across a User’s devices. For example, we may use the
   information we receive to determine the probability that a desktop web
   cookie and a mobile device belong to the same User. We may share device
   matching information such as device IDs, Drawbridge-created
   cross-device identifiers (that link IP addresses and device IDS) and
   Drawbridge-created household identifiers (that infer a link among
   devices based on data such as IP address) with our Customers to enable
   them to engage in fraud prevention and to provide advertising,
   analytics or other services. We may use hashed email addresses to help
   Customers understand which of their existing Users match specific
   identifiers. We may share other information with Customers such as
   device IDs and advertisement conversion data in the ordinary course of
   our business. For example, we provide reporting metrics to our
   Customers related to User interactions with websites and applications.
   Our Customers’ collection and use of the information that we provide to
   them is governed by their own privacy policies.

OUR DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

   Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not share personal
   information with third parties except with your consent or as set forth
   below:

   Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy
   businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger,
   reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal information may
   be part of the transferred assets. Personal Information may be shared
   in connection with or during negotiation of any such transaction or
   event.

   Related Companies: We may share personal information with our Related
   Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.

   Agents, Consultants and Other Third Parties: We sometimes hire other
   companies to provide services for us and to help with our operations,
   which may require that they access and use personal information.
   Examples of such services include mailing information, maintaining
   databases and processing payments.

   Legal Requirements: Drawbridge may disclose personal information to (i)
   comply with laws or respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii)
   protect and defend the rights or property of Drawbridge, our agents,
   Customers and others, including to enforce our agreements and policies,
   (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of
   Drawbridge, its Customers, or any person, or (iv) to protect against
   legal liability.

   We may share aggregated, anonymized, statistical or otherwise not
   personally identifiable information with third parties. For example, we
   may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of
   our services.

YOUR CHOICES AND USER CHOICES

Customer

   Receiving emails from Drawbridge is part of our service. By registering
   for our services, we will use your name and email address to send
   periodic newsletters to you. You may choose to stop receiving our
   newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe
   instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at
   [email protected].

   If you wish to not have your information used to serve you
   interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note that
   this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to
   receive generic ads.

User

   A User can opt out of Drawbridge's Services, including cross-device
   matching, directly at: https://drawbridge.com/optoutstart. When the
   User opts-out, we will no longer use the information from the User on
   the browsers and/or devices of which we are aware and are associated
   with such User. Please keep in mind that, to the extent we have already
   disclosed information about the User to third parties before the User
   opts out, we cannot require such third parties to delete that
   information.

   If the User uses a different Internet browser, a different mobile
   device or computer, or deletes the opt-out cookie that we set, the User
   will need to make the User’s opt-out selection again.

   To learn more about interest-based advertising, and to access the
   opt-outs of other online advertising companies, visit the Network
   Advertising Initiative at
   http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/#completed or Digital
   Advertising Alliance (DAA) at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. If you
   reside in Canada, you can opt out from the Digital Advertising Alliance
   of Canada’s opt-out page here.

   A User can opt-out of the collection of the User’s data by BlueKai at
   http://www.bluekai.com/consumers.php#optout.

   Mobile device operating system software such as Apple iOS or Android
   provide an opt-out choice e.g., Limit Ad Tracking on iOS that is
   communicated to companies such as Drawbridge. To opt-out, the User
   should consult the User’s device settings. A User can review
   http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices for more information
   regarding how a consumer may opt out via the mobile platform. If a User
   opts-out the User’s mobile device via mobile device operating system
   software, we will not share the identity of the mobile device with our
   Customers for the purpose of enabling online behavioral advertising.
   However, we have some Customers who use the Drawbridge Services for
   activities such as fraud prevention and security, which are not subject
   to this mobile device operating system software opt-out choice.

   If a User would like to disable the collection of the User’s mobile
   device geolocation information, the User can make this selection on the
   User’s device.

   If a User opts-out of targeted advertising, the User will still receive
   ads though they will not be tailored to the User’s interests.

   If a User has questions about how our Customers collect and use
   information, the User should contact the Customer directly.

   If a User has any problems with the opt out links above, or if a User
   has any questions about opting out of Drawbridge’s Services, please
   email [email protected].

ACCESS TO INFORMATION

Customer

   To keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete,
   please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to
   update or correct personal information in our possession that you have
   previously submitted via this Site.

   If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our
   service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or request by
   making the change in our member settings portal, by emailing us at
   [email protected] or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at
   the contact information listed below. We will respond to your access
   request within a reasonable timeframe.

   We will retain the information we receive for as long as your account
   is active or as needed to provide the Drawbridge Services. We will
   retain and use the information as necessary to comply with our legal
   obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

User

   A User may have the right under applicable law to access, amend, and/or
   request deletion of certain information. To inquire about such rights,
   please send an email to [email protected] and we will respond to the
   User’s request within a reasonable timeframe.

   We retain the event data collected via our technology for up to 180
   days. After that time, we aggregate the data and retain it for
   analytical purposes.

OTHER INFORMATION

   Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like
   button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are
   visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to
   function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third
   party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these
   features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing
   it.

   Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may
   differ from those of Drawbridge. If you submit personal information to
   any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy
   policies.

   Our Services include third party services. Any information submitted to
   these services is governed by the applicable third party’s privacy
   policy.

INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER

   We may, in the process of providing services to you, transfer
   information that we collect about you or the Users, including personal
   information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across
   borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or
   jurisdictions around the world. If you or the Users are located in the
   European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and
   use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are
   transferring information and permitting the transfer of information,
   including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does
   not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you
   consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and
   disclosure of information about you and the Users, including personal
   information, as described in this Privacy Policy.

CHILDREN

   Drawbridge does not knowingly collect personal information from
   children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do
   not submit any personal information through the Site. If you have
   reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided
   personal information to Drawbridge through this Site, please contact
   us.

SECURITY

   Drawbridge takes steps to protect the security of personal information,
   such as storing this information on a restricted access basis. However,
   please keep in mind that no Internet or e-mail transmission or form of
   electronic storage is ever fully secure or error-free. Therefore, we
   cannot guarantee the security of any information. Please keep this in
   mind when disclosing any data to Drawbridge.

WEB BROWSER DNT NOTICE

   We only share your activity on our website with third parties according
   to the terms described above. Because the Site we operate does not
   collect or use the type of information that is generally subject to
   your browser’s “Do Not Track” (DNT) privacy preference, our Site does
   not look for this signal from your browser. Your DNT settings, however,
   may affect third party services we may use. A web browser’s DNT setting
   does not affect data collection for the Drawbridge Services described
   in our Privacy Policy.

CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE'S PRIVACY POLICY

   Drawbridge reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy
   at any time and from time to time by posting the amended version on the
   Site. In the event we make material changes to the Privacy Policy that
   reduce your rights we will provide prior notice on this Site. This
   Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above.

CONTACT US

   Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about
   Drawbridge's Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Site.

   Privacy and opt out inquiries: [email protected]

   Drawbridge Inc.
   2121 South El Camino Real, Suite 700
   San Mateo, CA 94403
   1-855-379-2734
   CompanyAbout UsWhy Drawbridge [JP.png] Drawbridge Japan
   ProductsIdentity PlatformRichQuery API
   ResourcesPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyOpt Out [AdChoices-01-01.svg]
   YourAdChoices [iab-02.svg] IAB Member [NAI-03.svg] NAI Member
   Social [twitter.svg] Twitter [fb.svg] Facebook [linkedin.svg] LinkedIn
   [GlassdoorIcon2.svg] Glassdoor [medium.svg] Blog
   Copyright © 2019 Drawbridge Inc. All Rights Reserved.
