   alt : coppa.pdf

   kidSAFE® Seal Program
   by Samet Privacy

   The kidSAFE Seal Program is an independent safety certification service
   and seal-of-approval program designed exclusively for children-friendly
   websites and technologies, including online game sites, educational
   services, virtual worlds, social networks, mobile apps, tablet devices,
   connected toys, and other similar online and interactive services.

   With a membership in our program, products that meet our online safety
   and/or privacy standards are added to a distinguished list of kidSAFE
   member products (posted here) and awarded one of our prestigious
   kidSAFE Seals for display on their website, mobile app, or technology.
   To learn more about our seals, click on the seals below.

    [kidSAFE_seal_horizontal_large.png]          [kidSAFE_COPPA_seal.png]
                           [kidSAFE_listed_seal_large.png]

   The kidSAFE Seal Program was founded and developed by Shai Samet, an
   experienced and award-winning children's privacy consultant, and is
   advised by some of the world’s leading Internet safety experts,
   including Ken Leonard (former CEO, ScanAlert) and Henri Isenberg
   (formerly, Norton/Symantec).
   Important Note:
   The kidSAFE Seal Program does NOT assign ratings to the “quality” or
   “age-appropriateness” of the language, images, videos, or other content
   that you may see on a kidSAFE member product. Although we certainly do
   consider content appropriateness in our overall review process and also
   consult the ratings assigned by other organizations (such as ESRB,
   PEGI, Common Sense Media), our primary focus is to list, review, and/or
   certify these products for “interactive” and “online” safety, COPPA
   compliance (for kidSAFE+ members), and general appropriateness for
   children and families. To learn more about content ratings, please
   consult the appropriate ratings organization.

                              About our program

                               About our seals

                                 Member list

                               Parent sign-up

                                Report issue

       kidSAFE, the kidSAFE program logo, and the kidSAFE seal designs are
                                         trademarks of Samet Privacy, LLC.

      Copyright © 2011 - Present. Samet Privacy, LLC. All Rights Reserved

                                                            PRIVACY POLICY
