   #RevLifter » Feed RevLifter » Comments Feed RevLifter » Privacy Policy
   Comments Feed alternate alternate

   skip to Main Content

   RevLifter

     * Products and Services
          + RevPage
          + RevConvert
          + RevRewards
     * The Revlifter Difference
     * Contact Us

   Open Mobile Menu

Privacy Policy

   RevLifter Limited (“RevLifter”, “we” or “us”) is committed to
   protecting and respecting your privacy.

   This policy explains how we use any personal information that you
   provide to us or our partner. Please read it carefully. We may change
   this policy. We will post any changes on this page, so please check
   back frequently.

   Information we/our partner may collect about you

   RevLifter and our partner collects and processes the following
   information about you:

From our partners website:

     * Details of any previous visit(s) you have made
     * Details of any pre-purchasing activity

   Note: No personal data as defined by the General Data Protection
   Regulation (GDPR), other than visitor ID and IP addresses are collected
   or passed to us from our partner’s website.

From this website:

   From time to time we will use a range of services that may collect a
   limited amount of personal data, including website tracking services
   and marketing services. Current details of the services we are using
   are available within our Cookie Policy.

How we use your personal information

   We use personal information about you in connection with the following
   purposes:

   • To provide you with tailored deals on this site

   Legal basis for processing

   The legal basis for processing your personal information – specially
   for the purpose of delivering personalised offers (as described above)
   – is legitimate interest.  It is in our, our partners and your
   legitimate interest to use your personal information to operate and to
   deliver tailored deals to you.

   Our Partners Privacy Policies

   Our partner may supply us with details of your pre-purchase activities
   to ensure that tailored deals can be presented to you on this site.
   When you buy products or services from this partner, their own privacy
   policies will apply to how they use your personal information. You can
   find these privacy policies on their websites and you should check that
   you are happy with them.

   Cookies

   We use cookies and other similar technologies to distinguish you from
   other users of our websites and in our use of tracking and marketing
   services. You may adjust the settings on your browser to refuse cookies
   but some of our services may not work if you do so. For detailed
   information on the cookies we use and why we use them, please read
   our Cookie Policy.

   Data Security
   We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your
   personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an
   unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to
   your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other
   third parties who have a business need to know.

   They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they
   are subject to a duty of confidentiality.

   We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal
   data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a
   breach where we are legally required to do so.

   Data Retention
   We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to
   fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of
   satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
   To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we
   consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the
   potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your
   personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and
   whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the
   applicable legal requirements.
   Your rights

   You have the right to:

   Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject
   access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal
   data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.

   Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This
   enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you
   corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data
   you provide to us.

   Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to
   delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us
   continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete
   or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your
   right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed
   your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your
   personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not
   always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific
   legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time
   of your request.

   Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a
   legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something
   about your particular situation which makes you want to object to
   processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental
   rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are
   processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some
   cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to
   process your information which override your rights and freedoms.

   Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables
   you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the
   following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s
   accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want
   us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no
   longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal
   claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to
   verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.

   Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
   We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal
   data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that
   this right only applies to automated information which you initially
   provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to
   perform a contract with you.

   Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process
   your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any
   processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you
   withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products
   or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time
   you withdraw your consent.

   Contact us:
   If you have questions about this privacy policy or the way in which
   RevLifter processes your personal information, you can contact us using
   the details below:

   Post: Data Protection Manger, RevLifter Limited, 1st Floor, 33 Queen
   St, London EC4R 1AP

   Updated: 20 May 2018

Products and Services

     * RevPage
     * RevConvert
     * RevRewards

Company

     *
          + The RevLifter Difference
          + Privacy policy
          + Contact Us

     * Products and Services
          + RevPage
          + RevConvert
          + RevRewards
     * The Revlifter Difference
     * Contact Us

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Back To Top

   ×
   #RevLifter » Feed RevLifter » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   skip to Main Content

   RevLifter

     * Products and Services
          + RevPage
          + RevConvert
          + RevRewards
     * The Revlifter Difference
     * Contact Us

   Open Mobile Menu

Deals that Know You

   Real-time personalisation delivering incremental revenue

   Take back control of your customer journey to deliver incentives and
   content which incrementally increases cart values, conversion rates,
   and new customer acquisition with real time personalisation.
   Get in touch

   Trusted By:
     *
     *
     *

   hp-testimonial-logo

   Revlifter technology is the first partner to allow for true
   personalisation in the coupon space. This allows advertisers to be much
   more intelligent when it comes to targeting a customer’s demands low in
   the purchasing funnel.

   Austin Ratner – Affiliate Marketing Manager

   HP USA

Our AI-powered, multi-award-winning technology uses live basket data to
incentivise customers on your terms.

   First we take your goals and use these to create incentives that
   recognise each customer’s inherent value.

   Our team then funnels your offers into a suite of intelligent,
   market-leading solutions that achieve online growth via 1:1
   personalisation.

   Every campaign is built around the precise results you want to achieve.
   We are easy to use, paid on performance and backed by technology that
   requires little-to-no integration.

   Reducing cart abandonment and lifting revenue is just the start of it.
   We want to solve your biggest challenges.

How do you define uplift and success?

Less cart abandonment

More incremental sales

Better margins

More new customers

Improved loyalty and satisfaction

Discount-free promotions

Brand protection

Increased LTV

Any brand. Any vertical. Any objective.

   From fashion to electronics, B2B to subscription, we’re helping brands
   from all industries to perform and compete in ways they never thought
   possible.

   Ready to try?
   Get in Touch

Maximising the opportunities that pass through your site

     * The normal approach
     * The RevLifter approach

The normal approach

A lack of targeting and personalisation leads to around 80% of your customers
leaving their cart and never coming back.

   Most of your customers already have an item in their cart when they
   leave in search of coupons.
   They visit a voucher-code site which has no idea of who they are and
   the value they represent.
   Bad experiences and irrelevant deals lead to your customers
   reconsidering their purchase or even purchasing with a competitor.
   See the RevLifter approach

The RevLifter approach

Intelligent solutions re-engage customers searching for deals and maximise
their cart value.

   When someone adds a product to their basket, we give them personalised
   offers according to your goals for upselling, cross selling, and
   converting new customers.
   If the customer displays signs of abandonment, we show them messages
   that encourage them to stay.
   If they do leave, we utilise PPC and SEO to bring them back to a
   bespoke dynamic landing page, hosted on your site. or by RevLifter.
   The customer is engaged by incentives that are relevant to their basket
   and your marketing goals.
     *
     *

A results-driven toolset

   Our technology gives you unparalleled control of the incentivisation
   process. We match your customers with offers that reflect their profile
   and behaviour, resulting in better engagement, sales and AOV.

   Working with RevLifter requires little or no integration.

RevPage

   A dynamic deals page that uses AI and live basket data to convert your
   customers.

   Key features
     * Displays offers designed to drive more revenue
     * Upsells by recommending higher margin products
     * Uses live customer data, with no work required from you
     * Features your unique branding
     * Optimised for paid media and SEO

   learn more

RevConvert

   Displays on-site messages to increase spend and prevent your best
   customers from leaving their basket.

   Key features
     * Tackles basket abandonment through personalised incentives
     * Supports VIP offers for high-value customers
     * Increases AOV and margin when your customers are in the purchasing
       mindset
     * Offers deployed at key moments
     * Requires little-to-no integration

   learn more

RevRewards

   A loyalty-driving e-gift card solution that rewards customers based on
   your goals.

   Key features
     * Creates and delivers rewards from your brand or thousands of
       partners
     * Unlocks powerful upselling opportunities
     * Enhances customer loyalty
     * Allows for controlled, on-brand and goal-based incentivisation

   learn more

Trusted by Leaders

   Ee-logo
   Puma-logo
   Clarks-logo
   Musicmagpie-logo
   Fit-flop-logo
   Myprotein-logo
   Europcar-logo
   Fetch-logo
   Declutter-logo
   Laithwaites-logo
   Pets-at-home-logo
   Ao-logo
   Look-fantastic-logo
   Toms Logo
   Hp-logo
   Kays Logo
   Moss Bross Logo
   Coast Logo

   We’re just entering our second month live with RevLifter and
   performance is really coming on. They’re delivering us around 40%
   better conversion than we have had from other voucher sites and, more
   importantly, they are keeping their promise of increasing AOV. It’s
   currently around 50% over the affiliate programme average!
   Gareth Powell - Affiliates and Partnerships Manager
   Entertainment Magpie Limited

   Using RevLifter’s technology, we have had great success in targeting
   customers in a sophisticated way, offering personalised promotions and
   codes that are specifically designed to basket stretch or cross-sell in
   real-time, and rewards for redeeming
   Davina Rigley - Digital Marketing Manager of Acquisition
   Figleaves

   Implementing RevLifter, from initial idea generation to technical
   implementation, has been smooth. Mobile phone purchases are subject to
   complex user journeys that consider 1000s of variations of deals and
   offers. RevLifter has created a bespoke journey which drives better
   value for customers and better margins for the business. We’ve recorded
   a positive increase in time on site and conversion, while complimenting
   the end user’s experience.
   Jay Karsandas - Digital Marketing Manager
   Carphone Warehouse

   Revlifter technology is the first partner to allow for true
   personalisation in the coupon space. This allows advertisers to be much
   more intelligent when it comes to targeting a customer’s demands low in
   the purchasing funnel.
   Austin Ratner - Affiliate Marketing Manager
   HP USA

Easy onboarding process

1. Agree goals

   You talk us through your unique goals

2. Capture data

   Data is captured via a tag on your website

3. Agree timings & goals

   We agree when to show incentives and to whom

4. Build and launch

   Your campaigns get underway

5. Analyse & optimise

   Full reporting allows for future optimisation

Great revenue uplift awaits. Interested? Get in touch now to find out how we
can help.

   Get in touch

Products and Services

     * RevPage
     * RevConvert
     * RevRewards

Company

     *
          + The RevLifter Difference
          + Privacy policy
          + Contact Us

     * Products and Services
          + RevPage
          + RevConvert
          + RevRewards
     * The Revlifter Difference
     * Contact Us

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Back To Top

   ×
