   #Unremarkable Files - Atom Unremarkable Files - RSS

   Unremarkable Files

Pages

     * Home
     * About
     * Subscribe
     * Most Popular Posts
     * Contact

Friday, September 27, 2019

7 Quick Takes about Not Being Jealous, A Place Where All the Cords Can Be
Hidden, and the Irony of Having Little Helpers

   It's 7 Quick Takes Friday! How was your week?

—1—

   Phillip's been out of town for a while, so I'm running on fumes
   (because I don't go to bed when left to my own devices) and starting to
   figure out how to logistically do everything solo.
   At first, I relied on sheer memory and ended up forgetting a child's
   practice or appointment or school open house every day. (Of course,
   there were 100 other things I did remember each day so frankly, I was
   still impressed with myself.)
   Recently, I've started setting 10-15 alarms per day on my phone to
   remind me of literally every single time-sensitive thing I have to do
   in the next 24 hours. It's weird, but it works.

—2—

   Phillip went kayaking and camping on some island with a group of guys
   from church.
   I assume he had fun on his manventure, but we didn't really get to talk
   about it because he came home for just long enough to make dinner, do
   his laundry, and take out the trash before he left again for a work
   trip.
   He didn't mean to schedule the trips back-to-back like that, but it
   just kind of happened.
   Usually I feel sort of jealous when he travels because he eats out at
   fancy restaurants and stays in nice places, but then he texted me from
   his hotel in Norway and I was like, "You know what? I'm good."
   [Screenshot_20190927-001850.png]
   His legs didn't even fit on the mattress.

—3—

   I've been on the hunt for a place to charge all of our devices.
   Theoretically, there is a designated space for them in an upper kitchen
   cupboard, but it's really a terrible solution. It quickly gets so
   disorganized in there that no one wants to use it, so they just dangle
   cords down to the counter and hook them up to a tangled heap of phones
   and smartwatches that I have to look at all day.
   About a year ago I got so sick of looking at it I threw everything in a
   trash bag, and while it felt therapeutic the devices came creeping back
   out and are once again driving me crazy.
   I see charging stations online, but I want a solution that doesn't
   require me to look at any cords! I want that mess hidden.
   Recently some friends were getting rid of old furniture and asked if I
   wanted anything. I looked in their garage and knew I'd found my
   solution when I saw this:
   [20190912_110453.jpg]
   It's smaller than it looks in the picture, only two feet tall. The
   small drawers are perfect for devices, all we need to do is drill some
   holes in the back and it will be a sweet charging station with NO
   VISIBLE CORDS.
   After some paint and new knobs, it looks pretty good:
   [20190923_120457.jpg]
   I'm still not 100% sure where we're going to put it, but whatever
   happens it will be better than the devices on the counter. Or the trash
   bag.

—4—

   The little kids were obsessed with helping me paint. Bless their
   hearts, but I was obsessed with doing it myself after they were asleep
   precisely so they couldn't "help."
   [20190912_131625.jpg]
   I let them put on some primer (for about as long as it takes to take a
   picture and say "Stop waving that around, you're going to get paint
   everywhere! Put the paint can lid down. Don't wipe your hands on your-
   stop! I said don't wipe your hands on your shirt! Or your pants!
   STOP!")
   One of the cruelest ironies of motherhood is that the times kids are
   the most excited to help you is when they're too little to actually be
   helpful.

—5—

   In other painting news, I finished the deck!
   You have no idea how excited I am about this. All by ourselves, we
   sanded and put two coats of stain on every inch of that huge old deck
   and all 96 of its railings!
   Painting railings, as you know, was invented by the devil and takes
   forever. Especially when there are 96 of them.

                           [20190917_162731.jpg]
                  Figure 1a: a child enough to be helpful.

   The deck looks fantastic now; my only regret is that I didn't remember
   to take a picture of how terrible it looked before we started sanding.

—6—

   A friend needed someone to drive her to surgery and back, so I
   volunteered.
   I panicked when I realized I'd committed to a 6-hour day away from home
   when Phillip was out of town, but it happened to be a half-day from
   school so my 15-year-old took over for me and it was a seamless
   transition.
   My friend's procedure started around lunchtime, so I walked a few
   blocks to get Mediterranean food and ate it in the park while reading a
   book. Totally uninterrupted.
   It was really weird, knowing for a fact that no one was going to ask me
   to get up and take them to the bathroom three times or demand a bite of
   my food and then tell me it tasted gross.
   After lunch I seriously took a nap on a bench like a hobo and loved
   every minute of it.

—7—

   One of my responsibilities at church is to help organize and run weekly
   youth activities for the young women in the ward.
   This week I taught them some hairstyle hacks (I used to do my girls'
   hair all the time when they were little, and I brought my little book
   with pictures of all the hairstyles for the youth to look at.)
   The woman who helps me with these activities also has a big family,
   although I think she actually knows what she's doing because her kids
   are older than mine.
   We didn't have our kids with us at the activity, of course, but at one
   point I looked over and randomly realized that between the two of us,
   she and I have fifteen children.
   Good thing they're all so awesome.

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

   Read More »
   1 comment:
   Labels: 7 quick takes, crazy days

Wednesday, September 25, 2019

  This Is What Happens to Parents When the Village Looks Away

   For parents of my age, the idea of the hypothetical village it takes to
   raise a child is quaint and vague, more of a pie-in-the-sky ideal than
   anything.
   Yet, even without really knowing what the village looks or feels like,
   its absence still makes me sad.
   This summer, my kids and I went on a boat tour. Our guide showed us how
   a canal lock works and taught us about the local history of the area,
   but what I really learned that day is why modern motherhood is so hard:
   it's because the village has vanished.
   On the boat tour, sitting beside us was a little boy and his
   mother — let's call her Beth.
   Beth looked like she was about my age, her son about the same age as my
   son. On the other side of the boat were Grandma and Beth's sister, who
   also had a child in tow.
   At one point during the boat ride my 3-year-old wanted to see the water
   better, so he stood up on the seat and leaned over the side. When I
   turned around to tell him to sit down, I caught the following exchange
   out of the corner of my eye:
   Grandma, worried that my son would fall, was frantically gesturing to
   Beth and mouthing "Grab him!" Beth, meanwhile, was shaking her head and
   avoiding eye contact. Exasperated, Grandma threw up her hands and
   angrily whispered something to her other daughter, who sighed and said,
   "You can't just grab someone's kid, Mom."
   This took place in only a few seconds, but it filled me with a deep
   sense of loss. What happened to the village? And have we really become
   so isolationist we'd rather let someone's preschooler fall in the river
   than interfere?
   [people-2576166_960_720.jpg]
   Clearly, something happened over the last 20 or 30 years to dissolve
   our villages. Why else would the divide have fallen so neatly across
   generational lines?
   To Grandma and most other parents of her generation, it was a given
   that you just grabbed the kid who needed to be grabbed, no matter who
   he belonged to. She was furious at both Beth and her sister for their
   refusal to get involved when the village was called for.
   Today we lament that we can't send our kids running from yard to yard
   until the sun goes down like our mothers could, but we're forgetting
   that our mothers had a village.
   They knew no matter which backyard we were in, there was some other
   mother glancing through the kitchen window, keeping an eye on us to
   make sure we were okay, and if we were misbehaving she wouldn't
   hesitate to yell at any of us.
   After all, our mothers would've done the same for her.
   Unfortunately, modern parenthood doesn't come with an unspoken
   agreement that we're all in this together.
   If I were to send my children to roam the neighborhood, there might be
   a parent watching out the window. Or there might not be.
   There just as well could be a parent who looks away because "It's not
   my job to watch her kids," "It's not my place to discipline someone
   else's child," or even worse, "Someone's got to call Child Protective
   Services."
   And do you know what happens when the village looks away?
   We. Go. Crazy.
   Parenting is simply too hard to do it alone. You cannot be everything
   to your children all the time. In fact, you shouldn't be.
   It's not good for any child to learn that rules are only rules if mom
   and dad are around to enforce them, or that no one else really cares
   whether they become decent members of society.
   Kids of all ages thrive when they have a network of grown-up mentors,
   not when they're kept in a bubble designed to protect them from other
   adults' correction or influence.
   After witnessing the exchange between Beth and her family on the boat
   tour, I didn't want to just let it go without saying anything. So I
   turned to her and said, "Hey, if my kid is going to fall overboard, by
   all means, please grab him!"
   She smiled and said, "Okay, you just never know. I did that once on a
   whale watching tour and got screamed at."
   Now, I don't know all the details about the whale watching incident.
   Maybe Beth mistakenly thought the child was in danger and the other mom
   got defensive. That's what happens when society says that you alone are
   100% responsible for every aspect of your child's physical and
   emotional well-being: someone jumping in to help feels like an affront
   to your parenting.
   So today, let's all be a little less defensive. Let's take baby steps
   back toward the village.
   Offer to carpool with another parent on your kid's soccer team. Let
   people know you're willing to help lighten their load, and even more
   importantly, ask them to help lighten yours — even if you
   theoretically could do it by yourself.
   Don't just walk by a toddler having a meltdown in the cereal aisle like
   you can't see it. Tell mom she's doing a good job, and play peek-a-boo
   with the fussy baby in her cart while she's dealing with it. Maybe even
   say hello to the kid (when strangers talk to mine it always scares them
   into silence.)
   If no one else is saying "no hitting" to the kid in the playground
   sandbox whacking other children with a plastic shovel, don't be afraid
   to say it yourself. Maybe the parent is across the park and doesn't see
   what's going on. Support that mom or dad.
   Assume the best of other people, and resist the urge to be offended by
   someone who parents differently than you do. If a person offers you
   unsolicited advice, simply thank them for their suggestion and then
   either take it or leave it.
   When a misguided stranger tries to help your child but isn't actually
   helpful, recognize their (probably) good intentions with a sincere
   "Thanks, but we're fine/that's not the way our family does it/my child
   doesn't need help right now."
   And for goodness' sake, stop deliberating and just save the 3-year-old
   from falling out of the boat.
   We need the village. This parenting thing is hard enough without having
   to do it all alone.

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

   Read More »

   5 comments:
   Labels: parenting

Friday, September 20, 2019

  7 Quick Takes about Ways to Wear a Dress, Copious Amounts of Trips to the
  Hardware Store, and Motherhood in a Nutshell

   It's 7 Quick Takes Friday! How was your week?

—1—

   When my daughter picked up my phone, the Pinterest app randomly opened
   up and the article "12 Ways to Wear 1 Dress" caught her eye.
   She was pretty disappointed and a little confused when she clicked
   through and just saw options for layering clothes on top of it.
   "Those aren't ways to wear a dress, That's just wearing different stuff
   with it!" She complained.
   I agreed, the title was maybe a little clickbait-y.
   Then we had fun thinking of how we would've written it differently,
   featuring 12 actually different ways to wear the dress: around your
   neck like a scarf, as a turban on your head, upside down like a pair of
   parachute pants...
   I never before in my life entertained the idea of being a fashion
   blogger, but I see now that it could be kind of fun.

—2—

   Do you remember when people used to say "Let's not and say we did?"
   That's become one of my go-to phrases with the kids lately.
   At dinner the other day, my son voiced yet another ridiculous/dangerous
   idea and I responded, "Let's not and say we did."
   Usually he just takes that as a 'no' and moves on, but this time he
   paused and said, "Well, I'd still get in trouble for it, so that's not
   a very good idea."
   "You should do it and then say you didn't!" the 7-year-old piped up.
   "But then you'd get in trouble for lying," the 13-year-old pointed out.
   "So you should probably just do it and say you did."
   WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?

—3—

   I was at the hardware store earlier this week picking out some paint
   for a smallish project I'm working on.
   It took me forever to find the right color and when I found a swatch I
   liked the employee told me it was only available in the super-fancy
   expensive brand.
   I gestured to the promo flyer beside the register and joked, "Maybe I
   should just come back on Thursday and order it like a pirate."

                           [20190919_220626.jpg]
               Arr matey! Be this paint water- or latex-based?

   The employee, who was apparently not that into his job, looked at me
   and deadpanned, "But is two bucks really worth your dignity?"
   Okay, first of all, yes.
   And second of all, don't you work here?
   I laughed and asked, "If someone talks to you like a pirate do you have
   to answer like one?"
   "They don't pay me enough for that," he said, handed me my quart of
   paint and a stirring stick. "Have a nice day."

—4—

   We finally finished sanding the deck!
   Like most things in life, I'm glad I didn't know how much work it was
   going to be when I started, or I never would have done it.
   Now we were ready to stain it.
   Phillip picked out some stain at the store. The smallest can they had
   was a gallon so he bought one, brought it home to test it on a spare
   board we had in the garage, and saw that it looked like baby poop. I
   refused to entertain the idea of actually using it.
   "Are you sure you want to get a different one?" Phillip asked. "It cost
   fifty dollars."
   Ordinarily, I'm a very cheap person, but in this case I just said, "I
   will happily pay $50 for my deck not to look like diarrhea. Let's go
   back to the hardware store."
   As we got out of the car in the parking lot, Phillip shook his head and
   said "They're going to know exactly what's going on here. Second trip
   to the hardware store in an hour but this time the wife comes marching
   in?"
   Like they don't see that every blessed day of the week. No one even
   batted an eye at us.

—5—

   So we had the stain, and on the way home it started to rain.
   Then I started to cry.
   Some people flip houses in their spare time, but I think of us as
   DIY-challenged, and this overwhelming project was not looking very
   doable.
   We'd worked so hard to prepare the deck for staining, and every time it
   rained we had to wait another few days for it to dry out before we
   could do anything, and the way the weather was looking it didn't seem
   like we'd ever finish.
   Phillip is a problem-solver, though, so he went back to the hardware
   store and got a huge tarp. Once the deck dried out from this rain, he
   explained, we'd cover it until the next sunny day so we could stain no
   matter what.
   I was deep in a pit of existential despair by then, so trying to cheer
   me up, Phillip showed me the tarp's product label: "Look, it says right
   here that it's good for covering houses, trees, and giant cow turds."
   [20190919_220129.jpg]
   It did make me feel a little better, if you're wondering how mature I
   am.

—6—

   True to Phillip's word, on the next nice day we started staining.
   Because we have about a million after-school activities every night of
   the week we didn't get started nearly as early as we'd like, and when
   we did start working the four oldest kids who could've actually been
   helpful were gone at various practices and appointments.
   The only ones home were the 3- and 5-year-olds, who of course were very
   eager to "help."
   But I can hardly take decorating the Christmas tree with them, letalone
   watch them slinging deck stain all over the place, so all I can say is
   thank goodness for YouTube and Shaun the Sheep.

—7—

   People sometimes ask me to share my awesome parenting routines so I'll
   tell you how my 3-year old's naptime routine usually goes.
   First, we read a book and then dim the lights and rock in the rocking
   chair. I tell him to be quiet while he talks to himself and wiggles
   around and knees me in the groin ten times until I yell and then we're
   both mad. Then I put him in his crib and tell him to go to sleep, and
   after I leave he crawls out and plays with toys for 45 minutes.
   But on one particular day this week he was really tired, so he just
   snuggled his tiny body up against me in the rocking chair and went to
   sleep.
   I was smelling his precious little head and thinking, "I love being a
   mom so much, this is the best job in the wor-" and then he farted in my
   lap.
   Which is probably the most accurate description of motherhood that has
   ever been written.

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

   Read More »

   4 comments:
   Labels: 7 quick takes, crazy days

Friday, September 13, 2019

  7 Quick Takes about Stealing Furniture, Blatantly Ignoring a Driveway Full of
  Caution Tape, and What to Wear When You Don't Know What to Wear

   It's 7 Quick Takes Friday! How was your week?

—1—

   My 3-year-old asked what we were going to do today, so I told him we
   were (1) eating breakfast, (2) getting ready, and (3) getting a dresser
   at the Hendricksons, who are some friends of ours.
   He looked at me and said, "Well, that's mean."
   To clarify, the Hendricksons are giving away a dresser they don't want
   anymore. We're not going to crawl in their bedroom window and steal
   one, which is apparently something we do so often it's naturally what
   my son assumed I had planned.

—2—

   Earlier this week we had our driveway sealcoated, and I relished every
   minute of the two days when it was a roped-off unblemished sea of
   perfect inky blackness that everyone was forbidden to use. It was
   almost as thrilling as that time we got the carpets in the kids' rooms
   shampooed.
   The day before, the kids had written a message for their dad in
   sidewalk chalk, and I wondered if the driveway guys felt bad spraying
   black gunky stuff over the colorful, crooked bubble letters that
   spelled out "WELCOME HOME DADDY."
   I know I would have.
   After they were finished with the driveway I had to leave for a
   doctor's appointment and wouldn't be there when my 11- and 13-year-old
   came home from school. I could just see them obliviously walking right
   past the caution tape and over the driveway on their way to the door,
   so I decided to leave them the world's biggest note.
   Thank goodness for those campaign signs I kept from last November. They
   proved useful, after all.

    Enjoy some Friday laughs with this week's 7 Quick Takes! The 8-person
      Unremarkable Files family usually has at least some chaos you can
         relate to (but hopefully not all of it!) #7qt #7quicktakes
          #unremarkablefiles #lifewithkids #real #relatable #funny
    I was actually worried the kids would still just walk right past this
              sign, if you're wondering how spacey they can be.

—3—

   The next morning, I went out to retrieve a package and noticed a MAN'S
   FOOTPRINTS ACROSS THE DRIVEWAY.
   I asked Phillip if it was him and he said no, which means it was most
   likely the delivery guy.
   Which is fine. I get it, you've got a hundred deliveries to make and
   you're on a tight schedule, so maybe you don't have time to notice 15
   feet of caution tape and the three neon orange traffic cones at the
   head of the driveway. Whatever. I'm not mad.
   But here's the weird thing: if he'd walked across the driveway to put
   the packages on the doorstep, why were they lying in the grass on the
   opposite side?

    Enjoy some Friday laughs with this week's 7 Quick Takes! The 8-person
      Unremarkable Files family usually has at least some chaos you can
         relate to (but hopefully not all of it!) #7qt #7quicktakes
          #unremarkablefiles #lifewithkids #real #relatable #funny
                                            It's a mystery.

   Since there was no return set of footprints, I can only conclude that
   he brought the packages to the door, realized he'd messed up the
   driveway, and tried to cover his tracks by walking allllll the way
   around to leave the packages on the grass so I wouldn't suspect it was
   him.
   So... maybe I should have left up the big 'DO NOT WALK ON DRIVEWAY'
   sign??

—4—

   One of the things in my delivery was this toilet paper, which I'd
   ordered to meet the free shipping threshold:
   Enjoy some Friday laughs with this week's 7 Quick Takes! The 8-person
   Unremarkable Files family usually has at least some chaos you can
   relate to (but hopefully not all of it!) #7qt #7quicktakes
   #unremarkablefiles #lifewithkids #real #relatable #funny
   The fact that it ripped as I was removing it from the box does not bode
   well for the "ultra strong" claim on the packaging.

—5—

   As the mother of multiple children involved in multiple activities, you
   come to depend on two things: carpooling and sheer good luck.
   We've always relied on both, but this season there seems to be an
   unusual amount of serendipity.
   For example, having three kids with 6 PM activities on Monday night
   would ordinarily be cause for panic, but they all happen to be 3
   minutes away from each other so it's actually super-convenient.
   From 5:45-6, I just drive around like a school bus, making stops and
   letting kids off at orchestra, robotics club, and soccer practice.
   No, seriously, it's like an actual school bus. I drive carpool to
   soccer.

—6—

   Yesterday was a killer day. By dinnertime I couldn't even see any of
   the kitchen counter. It was too littered with dirty dishes waiting for
   the dishwasher to be unloaded, onion peels and celery ends waiting for
   the trash to be emptied, and laundry waiting for someone to get his/her
   act together and put it away.

    Enjoy some Friday laughs with this week's 7 Quick Takes! The 8-person
      Unremarkable Files family usually has at least some chaos you can
         relate to (but hopefully not all of it!) #7qt #7quicktakes
          #unremarkablefiles #lifewithkids #real #relatable #funny
    There was also a random extension cord in the middle of the floor, I
                               don't know why.

   Phillip came home from work to a war zone, and by 'war zone' I mean a
   very angry 37-year-old woman yelling to no one in particular, "If this
   stupid inflatable toy isn't put away in exactly one minute I'm going to
   POP IT WITH SCISSORS!!"
   Turning to Phillip, I said through gritted teeth, "There's a Relief
   Society activity at church tonight and I am going."
   "Sounds like fun," he said in the soft, reassuring voice you'd use when
   cornered by a rabid timberwolf. "What's the activity?"
   "I DON'T CARE."
   I just needed to get out of the house, preferably somewhere with food
   and other adults where I wasn't responsible for cleaning anything or
   keeping anybody alive.
   Luckily, the Relief Society activity (that's the name of the women's
   organization at my church) fit all of those criteria and I was in a
   much better mood when I came home.

—7—

   I don't really know or understand anything about fashion, as you well
   know if you've been following this blog for any length of time.
   For instance, my 13-year-old likes to tease me about a list I wrote
   when I was in elementary school titled "Jenny's Fashion Rules." (Rule
   #3 was "always make sure your socks match your shirt," so clearly I've
   been this way practically since birth.)
   But this article makes me feel a little less alone, and also gives me
   some great ideas for what to do when I have no clue what to wear.
   Because that happens a lot, actually.

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

   Read More »

   3 comments:
   Labels: 7 quick takes, crazy days

Wednesday, September 11, 2019

  Back-to-School Spells and Incantations to Avoid Head Lice

   Back-to-school season is one of the most nervewracking times of the
   year, and not just because you're putting your baby on a bus with kids
   who look like Paul Bunyan and sport facial hair.
   IT'S BECAUSE OF HEAD LICE.
   They could be lurking on any head in your child's class right now, and
   just like with the Black Death that swept 14th-century Europe, you
   never know who's going to fall victim next.
   So what did our Medieval forefathers do in the face of such a
   mysterious scourge? They tried to ward it off with folk magic. To be
   honest, that's how desperate you are during prime-time head lice
   season, too.
   [spellbook%2Bunremarkable%2Bfiles.png]
   If you have a child between the ages of 4 and 11 and you'd do literally
   anything  to avoid:
     * spending hours picking nits
     * washing everything you own
     * quarantining your child's 1,247 stuffed animals in trash bags
     * becoming a social pariah

   then these magical charms and enchantments adapted from Medieval times
   are for you!

When an email comes from school notifying you of a case of lice in your
child's class:

   On a parchment of goatskin, write the names of thy children and get ye
   to a body of running water — a river or a brook will suffice. Remove
   the same number of stones as ye have children, and return home. Heat
   the stones over a fire or open flame whilst chanting:
   3, 2, 1
   1, 2, 3
   Keep thy lice
   Away from these
   Once the stones are red hot, remove them with tongs and bury them at
   thy children's bus stop. At sunrise, dig up the stones with a silver
   spade and immerse each in a vessel of pure, cool water.

When you send off your kids on the first day of school:

   On the eve of a new school year, gather ye chrysanthemums of an even
   number from a field or garden that thou ownest. Bind them with a
   ponytail belonging to thy child and boil in water for 10 minutes.
   With the reed of a nearby marsh or the golden flax from an ear of corn,
   brush the magick liquid on the doorposts through which thy children
   pass on their way to school. Sprinkle thou the remainder on their
   backpacks.

When you catch your kids sharing hats or dress-up clothes with the
neighborhood children:

   Bid the neighbor children thither, then use a straw broom to thoroughly
   sweep all negative energy from thy house.
   Shutter all thy windows in an east-to-west direction and with slowly
   increasing speed, wave a jar of mayonnaise clockwise and a bottle of
   distilled vinegar counterclockwise around thy child's head seven times.

When you learn that a friend's children have lice:

   The correct magick doth depend on the contact betwixt their children
   and thine in the last fortnight.
   If thy children have had no significant contact, toss the thigh bones
   of a chicken into a circle drawn in the dirt with a sycamore branch. If
   the bones fall in parallel lines, diagonal lines, or a T then all will
   be well with thy children; if they fall in an X, a triangle, or a
   horseshoe, 'tis a poor omen.
   If thy children have had a playdate, inscribe the words "please oh
   please oh please do not let us have lice" on a small tablet of wax or
   lead and sew it into thy child's pillowcase.
   If thy children have attended a sleepover together, thou must tie a
   length of hemp around thy child's birthstone to make a protective
   amulet for wearing round the neck. If the birthstone be hard to locate
   (diamonds and rubies art expensive,) then thou mayest substitute a
   wooden circle upon which their likeness has been carved with a steel
   blade by moonlight.

When you pass the medicated lice shampoo at CVS:

   Halt thy shopping cart and hie to the first aid aisle, where the
   bandages art located. Use them to construct a five-pointed star on the
   floor with the topmost point facing the shampoo. Stand ye in the center
   and recite the following:
   Rid and Nix, Nix and Rid,
   Let no nits hatch upon my kid.
   Itchy scalp and fine-toothed comb,
   Let no lice infest our home.
   When the recitation hath ended, spit over thy left shoulder and exit
   the aisle in the exact way that thou camest.

When reading an article (like this one) on head lice:

   Pour ye lavender, rosemary, and tea tree oil into a glass decanter that
   may be stopped up securely. Store this in a dark place beside a hat or
   hair accessory that belongest to thy child.
   After the sun has risen and set thrice, retrieve the item and instruct
   thy child to wear it as a talisman to guard him or her until the school
   year hast ended, or at least until thou hast forgotten about the
   article that afrightened thee so.
   —    —    —    —
   As they say, desperate times call for desperate measures, and there's
   nothing that makes a parent more desperate than the fear of head lice.
   So this back-to-school season, you might as well give these Medieval
   spells a try!

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

   Read More »

   2 comments:
   Labels: lolz, parenting

Friday, September 6, 2019

  7 Quick Takes about Inevitable Change, Futuristic Things I Don't Particularly
  Care For, and What My Preschooler Hears When I Say "Get in the Car"

   It's 7 Quick Takes Friday! How was your week?

—1—

   I wrote in my previous post on church callings that when you feel
   comfortable in one calling you inevitably get released and given a
   different one, right?
   So that happened.
   I was honest to goodness in the middle of writing about how much I
   enjoyed my current calling as nursery leader when I was asked to accept
   a new calling as a counselor to the president over the Young Women's
   (i.e: teenage girls) organization.
   It's bittersweet to say goodbye to nursery, which was a much-needed
   breather for me. It involved little prep work and was completely inside
   my comfort zone because taking care of little kids is the most natural
   thing in the world to me.
   But I look forward to a calling that stretches me, and more importantly
   gives me a reason to get to know and love the Young Women in our
   congregation.
   The older my kids have gotten, the more thankful I've gotten that it's
   not just Phillip and I looking out for them.
   At church, there are so many people thinking about them, praying for
   them, teaching them good values, and trying to help them see the worth
   they have in God's eyes.
   It's pretty humbling and kind of awesome to think that this is my
   opportunity to be one of those people for the other families at church,
   whose teen daughters need a network of people who love them every bit
   as much as mine do.
   So as I was sitting in the bishop's office with the rest of the Young
   Women's presidency waiting to be set apart (given a priesthood blessing
   to help me in my new calling,) I was feeling okay — maybe even
   good — about this new change.
   Only briefly did I reconsider when the Young Women's president leaned
   over and asked, "Can we have a presidency meeting tomorrow at 7:30?"
   I realize now that the correct response wasn't spitting out my drink
   and gasping, "in the MORNING?!?"

—2—

   Luckily, the 7:30 meeting (to which I was late, and I wasn't even
   surprised) isn't a regular thing and we're meeting at a much more
   sensible hour going forward.
   One night a week, the Young Women have an activity at the church. This
   week was getting to know your new leaders. Each of us presidency
   members had 5 minutes to teach the girls a new skill.
   I taught them how to be funny.
   Allow me to explain. In the writing of this blog, I've dissected
   humorous stories, memes, and jokes more than any normal human probably
   should, and asked over and over, "Why is this funny? If it isn't funny,
   why not? How could it be funnier?"
   It may sound like I'm ruining the magic of a perfectly good joke and
   maybe I am, but to me it's totally fascinating. Read this and this if
   you don't believe me. There's a science to funniness, and I love that.

—3—

   After having been saddled with a broken dishwasher for a month, we
   finally got a new one. We researched, read reviews, and pored over
   ratings. We even found a family at church who owns and loves the
   dishwasher we ultimately bought.
   And I don't like it.
   For starters, it's too sleek and streamlined. The racks just slide all
   around with no resistance whatsoever. The door is hard to close
   properly because there isn't a hard latch you can really feel.
   The control buttons aren't actually buttons; they're just touchscreens
   with no feedback, which means that when it's any of the kids' turns to
   run the dishwasher they freak out and start punching every button in
   sight like deranged monkeys yelling, "It's not worrrrrrrrking!"
   It's also one of those new high-efficiency machines that takes 3-7
   business days to finish a load of dishes, and in conclusion I'm not
   sure anymore that I am up to the 21^st century.

—4—

   School started this week! Everyone seems to be adjusting well, even the
   kindergartner I was most worried about.
   He's always had a hard time separating from us. During swim lessons in
   August, there were several days when the instructor had to physically
   pry him from my arms to get him to join the class.
   Luckily, he'd gotten to ride the bus once before because there was a
   kindergarten bus orientation last week (in which the principal did have
   to pry him from my arms,) and his 7-year-old sister is in the same
   school so he didn't have to get on alone.
   I explained to her ahead of time that he'd probably be scared, so she
   had to hold his hand and then sit with him once on board. She's a great
   sister so she was like, "Yeah, I was already planning on it."

   This week's 7 Quick Takes Friday will make you laugh, make you cry, and
   make you know you're not alone. The 8-person Unremarkable Files family
   is here to show you that you're pretty normal, after all. #7quicktakes
          #7qt #friday #unremarkablefiles #funny #reallife #family
                               Cute even if it was 100% coached.

   However, all our worrying was apparently for nothing because he happily
   skipped onto the bus and then came home and said "school was fun!" So
   there's that.

—5—

   Do you want to know why parents are always late?
   While everyone else was at school it was just the 3-year-old and me at
   home, I thought we'd run some errands. When I told him to get in the
   van and buckle up while I did one last thing in the house, he headed
   outside obediently and I thought, This is so easy!
   Until I went outside to find the van totally empty. He wasn't even in
   the garage. He was sitting in the window well playing with a tennis
   ball.
   And that is why we're never on time for anything, ever.

—6—

   We have a beautiful deck on the back of our house, but while we were
   busy having babies it sat neglected for almost a decade, accumulating
   more weather damage every year.
   We prayed the serenity prayer and recognized that fixing it was so low
   on our priority list we had to just let it go, and so the cardinal rule
   of our house became "don't walk on the deck barefoot unless you want to
   end up with an inch-long shard of wood in your foot." It was that bad.
   I even entered it in an ugly deck contest once, but lost. I'm not sure
   if the fact that we didn't win made me feel better or worse.
   Anyway, we finally decided to replace the worst boards, sand it down,
   and paint it. Phillip rented a floor sander from Home Depot and got the
   floorboards done in pretty good time, but it's taking forever to do the
   railings. There are just so many surfaces to do.
   Luckily we have a couple of hand sanders and a lot of kids, so on a
   good day we can have two of them going continuously.

   This week's 7 Quick Takes Friday will make you laugh, make you cry, and
   make you know you're not alone. The 8-person Unremarkable Files family
   is here to show you that you're pretty normal, after all. #7quicktakes
          #7qt #friday #unremarkablefiles #funny #reallife #family
   Wish I had taken a "before" picture for comparison but I always forget
       that part. I'm too excited to jump in and get rid of the ugly.

   If the weather cooperates this weekend, I think we should be able to
   get the railings all done. Maybe.
   But as I said to Phillip after surveying our hard work at the end of a
   long day, this seems like an awful lot of work just to make the deck
   look slightly less bad.

—7—

   On the way to my 13-year-old's violin lesson, a crazy double rainbow
   (what does it mean?) appeared in the sky.
   The main one was definitely the brightest rainbow I'd ever seen, and
   when the trees cleared we could see it arcing all the way across the
   sky from one end to the other.

   This week's 7 Quick Takes Friday will make you laugh, make you cry, and
   make you know you're not alone. The 8-person Unremarkable Files family
   is here to show you that you're pretty normal, after all. #7quicktakes
          #7qt #friday #unremarkablefiles #funny #reallife #family
       The real thing was more vivid than this photo, I'd wager it has
                 something to do with our dirty windshield.

   And a minute later, the whole huge impressive thing suddenly
   disappeared and was gone.
   I'm sure there's a good metaphor in there somewhere.

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

   Read More »

   4 comments:
   Labels: 7 quick takes, crazy days

Saturday, August 31, 2019

  The Educational Summer Vacation: Studying Rwanda

   This post contains affiliate links. If you buy something, the cost
   stays the same to you but a small commission goes to me for referring
   you.
   For the last week of our Educational Summer Vacation, the kids chose to
   "visit" Rwanda. Rwanda is a country in central Africa about the size of
   Maryland (although with twice as many people.) Here's what we learned
   about it!

Tuesday

   The older three kids were staying with their grandparents until Monday,
   so we started our week on Tuesday.
   I put on a CD from the library called Rhythm of Life: Music of the
   Agahozo-Shalom Youth Village in Rwanda while the kids found Rwanda on
   the giant wall map and drew the flag.
   (The music wasn't in English but my daughter said it sounded like "In
   the cow zone, we think like meteorologist! In the cow zone, we think
   like meterologists" I don't mean to brag, but mishearing song lyrics is
   kind of a special talent in my family.)
   [20190827_114526.jpg]
   [20190827_114614.jpg]
   The kids pulled out the passport pages I made for them and wrote down
   everything the map told them about Rwanda: what continent it's on, what
   countries it borders, and so on.

                                   IFRAME:
    https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B59a5JW8wLA2U3FOWXpJQmFMd2c/preview

                         Download the Passport Pages

   I wish I'd had the foresight to make each kid a bound book with a ton
   of these pages inside, and keep them from year to year. I just didn't
   know when I started this that it would be an annual thing, and only
   hindsight is 20/20.
   I read interesting parts of We Visit Rwanda out loud and then we
   watched Rwanda from the Countries Around the World DVD series. I love
   that series, and we have watched so many of them during our Educational
   Summer Vacations.
   Rwanda basically sits on the equator and I wanted to visualize why that
   makes it so they never have cold weather there.
   So we read The Equator by Todd Bluthenthal and then did a little
   demonstration. We took out our old beach ball with a world map printed
   on it, put stickers on our location and on Rwanda, and then we took
   turns making the ball orbit around the sun (a.k.a: a lamp with the
   shade removed.)
   I pointed out how sometimes our home in New England is tipped away from
   the sun, but Rwanda never is so it always stays warm there.
   I wish I'd taken a picture of this demonstration, especially since we
   lost the ball when we went to the beach later in the week.
   Yes, we can just buy another one, but it won't be quite the same. Our
   beach ball was so ancient it still had the U.S.S.R. on it. I'm a little
   sad about it, actually. It was kind of an antique.

Wednesday

   We started out by watching Rwanda: The Royal Tour. This DVD is part of
   a series with a really interesting concept: a journalist visits a
   country and gets a personal tour from the head of state.
   It was really interesting to see Rwanda's President Paul Kagame,
   although my 15-year-old and I later agreed we were getting a distinct
   propaganda-like vibe.
   The number of votes it said he got was inflated, and the areas of
   Rwanda we were allowed to see on the video were surprisingly nice
   (especially since the other video showed plenty of dirt roads and
   corrugated tin roofs.)
   Rwanda's official languages are Swahili, French, English, and
   Kinyarwanda. Kinyarwanda is the most commonly spoken.
   Kinyarwanda is a tonal language like we learned about earlier this
   month with Vietnamese, but unlike in Vietnamese the tones aren't
   indicated in writing.
   It's kind of hard to find any "how to speak Kinyarwanda" tutorials, but
   we did our best with this YouTube video. It wasn't the most exciting
   thing we've ever watched, but at least the kids got to hear what
   Kinyarwanda sounds like.
   Then we learned about imigongo, a form of art unique to Rwanda. It's
   incredibly beautiful (see video below:)

              IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/yVOJ5IuXYBM

   Did I mention it's made of cow dung? My kids loved that little plot
   twist.
   We made our own version of imigongo, using 10"x10" squares of cardboard
   and Crayola air dry clay. This 5-lb bucket was just the right amount
   for all 6 kids to make one.
   One daughter added a lovely gash to our dining room table with a box
   cutter while cutting out her cardboard, but luckily we haven't had nice
   things for 10 years so it was fine. We'll get a new table when the last
   one graduates.
   [20190828_121127.jpg]
   [20190828_121838.jpg]
   We left our faux imigongo to cure in the basement for 72 hours (as per
   the instructions on the tub of clay) before painting them. I have no
   idea if we would have to do the same thing if we used real cow dung,
   but you know, I'm actually okay with not  knowing.
   For dinner I wanted to try a recipe from Rwanda. I made something
   similar to this when we were doing South Africa, and nobody really
   wanted to repeat the experience.
   So we tried isombe, using kale instead of cassava leaves.
   As I was making it, throwing green thing after green thing into the
   pot, I was thinking, "this is going to be so disgusting. Nobody is
   going to eat this. I don't even want to eat this." But do you know
   what? It was actually not bad.

                                       [20190828_171225.jpg]
     Even though it wasn't the most amazing meal ever, this contained so
        many healthy vegetables I think I'll make it again sometime.

Thursday

   Mountain gorillas are considered "critically endangered," and they only
   live in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, and Rwanda.
   We read Dian Fossey: Friend to Africa's Gorillas. You may not recognize
   Dian Fossey's name, but I bet you recognize Gorillas in the Mist, which
   was the title of her book that was made into a movie in the '90s.
   I never saw the movie, and I probably don't want to. I got all choked
   up reading about how Dian Fossey didn't really "get" people but she
   loved her gorillas and when she was killed (probably by a poacher who
   didn't like her advocating for the mountain gorilla so much,) she was
   buried next to her favorite one, Digit. Seeing that on the big screen
   might break me.
   Dian Fossey believed the gorillas needed to accept her as one of them
   before they acted naturally, so she often imitated them to show she was
   just "one of the guys." The kids thought that was hilarious so I asked,
   "Well, would you act like yourselves if there was some weirdo in the
   corner watching you and taking notes?"
   My 13-year-old hesitated and said, "You basically do that for your
   blog, so..."
   Good point. I do feel like I'm observing wildlife every day, now that
   she points it out.
   Based on the first few minutes, I thought Mountain Gorilla (a National
   Geographic IMAX DVD,) I thought it was going to be a real snooze-fest.
   But once the people stopped talking and it was just footage of the
   gorillas doing their thing, it was so fascinating.
   Whenever I see gorillas at the zoo, they're just sitting there doing
   absolutely nothing. I'm sure these gorillas did a lot of that, but they
   edited those parts out and it was 40 minutes of the gorillas eating,
   playing, climbing, and fighting. We were all thoroughly entertained and
   by the end, my 5-year-old was crawling around on his knuckles saying he
   was a gorilla. It was awesome.
   I told the kids that for the next 20 minutes, we were all going to be
   like Dian Fossey. I thought it would be easy because our yard is
   perpetually overrun with squirrels, chipmunks, and rabbits. But as
   Murphy's Law would have it, there wasn't a single one outside that day.
   It took a little extra looking, but we found something alive
   eventually.
   The 5-year-old and I studied a dragonfly.
   The 15-year-old saw some catbirds having a conversation in the trees.
   The 13-year-old watched some ants digging a new tunnel.
   The 11-year-old found a slug in the backyard.

                                       [20190829_123148.jpg]
    The closest I've ever been to a slug. Also the closest I ever want to
                                be to a slug.

   The 7-year-old observed a spider and even took notes on a very
   official-looking clipboard.

                                      [20190829_163939.jpg]
      I did tell her that sketching your animal is an important part of
                            wildlife observation.

   Even though I was disappointed most of the animals we saw were bugs, it
   was still really fun. I liked going outside and wandering around with
   no real objective except to see what we could see.
   Maybe we'll make "wildlife hour" a weekly thing around here.

Friday

   Since our imigongo art was dry now, it was ready to paint.
   They curled up a little and the clay cracked a little while drying, but
   we were still able to paint and I was impressed with how the finished
   pieces turned out!
   [20190831_161133.jpg]
   [20190831_161201.jpg]
   [20190831_161137.jpg]
   [20190831_180909.jpg]
   [20190831_153653.jpg]
   [rect853.png]
   And then, onto a more weighty topic: the Rwandan Genocide.
   I knew it happened in 1994, but I didn't know very many details about
   it (I was 12 then, so that might explain it.)
   I did some research on my own before this week started (The Rwandan
   Genocide by Don Nardo and this article are good places to start) and
   let me tell you, it's horrific. Even compared to other genocides.
   Because I have young kids, I naturally started at the most logical and
   age-appropriate place: Dr. Seuss. I don't know how he would feel about
   me using The Sneetches to teach my kids about genocide, but that's what
   we did.
   Sorry, Dr. Seuss.
   After we read the book, I asked each kid to write his or her name on a
   piece of paper, then surround it with all the labels that describe
   them: girl, violinist, American, Latter-day Saint, short, 4th grader,
   etc.
   We talked about how everyone has a full page just like ours, so it
   doesn't make sense to dislike someone based on just one label, because
   we are all lots of things.
   I recommend this BBC video because it explained the basics of the
   Rwandan Genocide without being too graphic (although I did skip ahead a
   few seconds at 2:55, because I wasn't up for explaining what 'sex
   slaves' means to my 7-year-old.) And then I gave the kids 11 and up a
   children's novel about the genocide called Broken Memory by Elisabeth
   Combres to read on their own time.
   After the younger kids went to bed, Phillip and I stayed up with the
   15-year-old to watch Hotel Rwanda. I'd never seen it and just assumed
   the movie was rated R, because genocide, but it was actually PG-13.
   It was super-intense. After the last credits rolled we all just sat
   there, not really able to say anything, until finally I broke the
   silence by telling Phillip, "And that's why the little kids and I read
   The Sneetches."

Saturday

   The traditional show dance done by Rwandan women is called
   umushagiriro, which literally means "dancing and swaying elegantly in
   the trunk and arms while moving slowly."
   After watching this video of the umushagiriro, my daughter said, "We
   could have just read the translation of the name instead of watching
   this." She was pretty much right.
   Intore is the dance of the heroes, traditionally done by male warriors
   for the king after a victory in battle.
   But today it's done for tourists and at special ceremonies like
   weddings and baby namings. We learned about the history of the intore
   dance and then watched this video:

              IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/xrRxELQD2cY

   Ingoma, drumming, is also an important part of Rwandan culture. It used
   to be that only men could play, but now women can, too.
   We read this article about the Rwandan drum and how it's traditionally
   made, and then made some drums using the method here, which only
   requires some kind of tube shape, packing tape and some chopsticks.
   My husband was at Home Depot about three times today getting supplies
   to sand and paint our deck, so I had him pick up a cement pouring tube
   and I cut it into three pieces with a hacksaw.

                           [20190831_153502.jpg]
                         I took the child out first.

   My kids had so much fun with these drums once they were done, and other
   than the part with the hacksaw, they didn't take long at all to make.
   [20190831_193245.jpg]
   After they had made the drums, the kids didn't want to go to bed, but I
   bribed them into sitting down for a Rwandan folk tale called Sebgugugu
   the Glutton.
   [20190831_203004.jpg]
   They weren't entirely impressed, but it certainly wasn't weirder than
   anything from the Brothers Grimm.
   It's kind of fun to take a country like Rwanda that I really knew
   nothing about and spend a week talking about it. The kids learn so
   much, and so do I! That concludes our Educational Summer Vacation for
   this year, and we'll be back at it in 2020. Maybe I'll even get around
   to making those big passport books we can use from year to year. Maybe.
   Learning about Rwanda is fun and hands-on with these free crafts,
   ideas, and activities for kids! #rwanda #africa #educational #kids
   Building the perfect Africa lesson plan for your students? Are you
   doing an around-the-world unit in your K-12 social studies classroom?
   Try these free and fun Rwanda-themed activities, crafts, books, and
   free printables for teachers and educators! #rwanda #africa #lessonplan
   #geography #socialstudies
   This Rwanda unit study is packed with activities, crafts, book lists,
   and recipes for kids of all ages! Make learning about Africa in your
   homeschool even more fun with these free ideas and resources. #rwanda
   #africa #homeschool

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

   Read More »

   2 comments:
   Labels: educational stuff

   Older Posts Home

                    ______________________________ Search

I'm Jenny Evans

         [blue%2Bfacebook.resized.png] [blue%2Btwitter.resized.png]
          [blue%2Bpinterest.resized.png] [blue%2Bemail.resized.png]
                       [blue%2Bbloglovin.resized.png]

   [flipped%2Bsmall%2Bsmile.png]

    Night owl, perfectionist, mom of 6, and member of the Church of Jesus
     Christ of Latter-day Saints. Sometimes I make it to appointments on
                        time. But don't count on it.

Get New Posts By Email

   ____________________ Submit

                                 Mr. Rebates

   [INS: :INS]

Topics You'll Find Here

   7 quick takes babies bed rest big families blog c-section chores
   christmas church conversion crazy days dads educational stuff faith
   frugality gift guides god gratitude guest posts happiness holidays
   latter-day saint lifehacks lolz marriage media messes & disasters
   miscarriage modesty money parenting placenta previa poking fun at
   myself prayer pregnancy school semi-useful siblings sleep stress
   struggles teens toddlers vbac videos

Blog Archive

   [Blog Archive_______]

I Was a Latter-day Saint Before It Was Cool

                              [temple-icon.jpg]

As Seen On

                            [as%2Bseen%2Bon.png]

   [INS: :INS]

Where I Go Blog Hopping

   This Ain't The Lyceum JENerally Informed

                                 [INS: :INS]

Legal Stuff

   This website uses affiliate links and cookies from third-party
   advertisers. Everything you read here is my own opinion, and if you
   subscribe by email I'll never sell your address or spam you to death.
   That would be rude. Please see my full Disclosure Policy and Privacy
   Policy if you're just super-duper interested and want to know more
   about that.

Follow Unremarkable Files

   [blue%2Bfacebook.png] [blue%2Btwitter.png] [blue%2Bpinterest.png]
   [blue%2Bbloglovin.png]

   Enter Your Email to Get My Posts In Your Inbox
   ____________________ Subscribe

                            Background by Freepik
   #Unremarkable Files - Atom Unremarkable Files - RSS

   Unremarkable Files

Pages

     * Home
     * About
     * Subscribe
     * Most Popular Posts
     * Contact

About

   [IMG_1395.JPG]
   Are you always on time? Know exactly what you're doing as a parent? Do
   your kids almost never go out in public with their pants on backwards?
   Then you will probably not get a lot out of this blog.
   But if you've ever had a complete meltdown over mismatched socks or had
   your toddler pee on you in public, you are my kind of people.

The #1 thing people tell me about my blog is that it makes them feel normal.

   If you like reading about messes, mom fails, and the occasional
   heartfelt post defending big families, then pull up a chair.
   But you should probably look at it first to make sure you don't sit on
   something sticky.

                                             [IMG_1414.JPG]
   The fun thing about this shot is you can't tell whether we're having a
   super-awesome tickle fight or if my son hates pictures with the fire of
            a thousand suns and is desperately trying to escape.

I'm Jenny Evans.

   I live in New England with my husband and our 6 kids.
   I believe that motherhood is as ridiculous as it is fulfilling. This
   morning, I was literally woken up by someone informing me that the
   upstairs toilet was full of peanuts.

                                 [unremarkable%2Bfiles%2B6.png]
   Five of my six kids. You'd be surprised how hard it is to get everyone
                  in the same place at once for a picture.

   I always wanted to be a mom but didn't know how much of the job would
   involve saying things you can't believe you're saying out loud and
   finding weird things in the bathroom.
   I'm a big believer in documenting messes, and that's probably because
   subconsciously, I know that murder is significantly harder when you're
   trying to hold a camera at the same time.

                                             [DSCN6099.JPG]
    Yet another mess attributed to some guy named "nobody" who apparently
                       squats in our house full-time.

   I'm a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Some
   people call us Mormons but we'd prefer the full name of the church, or
   "Latter-day Saints" if you absolutely must speak in shorthand.

                               [IMG_2913.JPG]
              Latter-day Saint temple in Boston, Massachusetts.

   Belonging to the restored church of Jesus Christ colors the way I see
   pretty much everything so it occasionally pops up on the blog, but even
   my readers who aren't interested in religion say I'm not too annoying
   about it.
   Also, my husband Phillip makes frequent appearances here. He's amazing
   but don't think about it too hard because he's taken and I wouldn't
   want you to feel bad.

                               [Phillip%2Band%2BJenny%2BHS.jpg]
    Just in case the floral loveseat and groovy wooden coaster set in the
     background didn't tip you off, we've been together for a long time.

Who is this blog for?

   If you're a parent who tries hard, even if it doesn't look like it
   based on what your kid wore to yearbook photos...
   If you wonder if your family is the loudest and most chaotic one that
   ever existed...
   If you think child-related messes and disasters are funny, especially
   when they're not yours to clean up...
   If you love your kids so much that over 90% of the time you don't want
   to sell them on Ebay...
   you'll fit right in.
   Welcome.
   [unremarkable%2Bfiles%2B1.png]

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

8 comments:

   Anonymous said...
          Five kids! Wow, you are my superheroine. Amazing. I love New
          England...it is so beautiful there. Love your blog.

          May 14, 2015 at 10:29 AM [icon_delete13.gif]

   kibria hossain said...
          Great mom

          May 11, 2016 at 1:31 PM [icon_delete13.gif]

   Crystal said...
          This is awesome. I'm so glad you found me so I could find you.
          You sound like my kind of mama! And genius with the duct tape! I
          totally threw out two diapers in one day due to torn tabs and I
          wanted to cry!

          October 21, 2016 at 2:15 PM [icon_delete13.gif]

   PurpleSlob InRecovery said...
          So hilarious! Why haven't I read this page before?? Love the
          "young love" pic of Philip and you! Why no, the furniture looks
          totally normal to me! ahahaha!
          Pink, schmink, he won't mind till his 40's, when he recovers the
          hidden memories of the horror you subjected him to. Don't worry,
          he'll send you the therapy bills!

          November 23, 2016 at 9:08 AM [icon_delete13.gif]

   PurpleSlob InRecovery said...
          Jenny, I hope you get lots of extra traffic today. I put in 6
          links to your posts!!
          https://purpleslobinrecovery.wordpress.com/2016/12/14/evasive-ee
          vans-events/
          1 reader already told me she came to visit, and that you're
          amazing! I agree with her!

          December 14, 2016 at 8:56 AM [icon_delete13.gif]

   Jenny Evans said...
          Thanks, Melinda! It was a totally hilarious story. May every
          time you get trapped in a public restroom be that funny. (To us,
          anyway.)

          December 14, 2016 at 9:52 PM [icon_delete13.gif]

   Bethie The Boo said...
          I got together with my husband on a band trip in high school
          too! Except it was 1998 instead of 1996, but same story almost!
          It's so rare finding people that met their spouse in school
          these days!
          Beth
          http://www.thebethnextdoor.com

          March 3, 2017 at 10:21 AM [icon_delete13.gif]

   Sheila Arshad said...
          im having 3 kids aged 5-11 and occassionally i feel like a
          tarzan at home :)

          September 14, 2019 at 1:00 PM [icon_delete13.gif]

   Post a Comment
   Home

                    ______________________________ Search

I'm Jenny Evans

         [blue%2Bfacebook.resized.png] [blue%2Btwitter.resized.png]
          [blue%2Bpinterest.resized.png] [blue%2Bemail.resized.png]
                       [blue%2Bbloglovin.resized.png]

   [flipped%2Bsmall%2Bsmile.png]

    Night owl, perfectionist, mom of 6, and member of the Church of Jesus
     Christ of Latter-day Saints. Sometimes I make it to appointments on
                        time. But don't count on it.

Get New Posts By Email

   ____________________ Submit

                                 Mr. Rebates

   [INS: :INS]

Topics You'll Find Here

   7 quick takes babies bed rest big families blog c-section chores
   christmas church conversion crazy days dads educational stuff faith
   frugality gift guides god gratitude guest posts happiness holidays
   latter-day saint lifehacks lolz marriage media messes & disasters
   miscarriage modesty money parenting placenta previa poking fun at
   myself prayer pregnancy school semi-useful siblings sleep stress
   struggles teens toddlers vbac videos

Blog Archive

   [Blog Archive_______]

I Was a Latter-day Saint Before It Was Cool

                              [temple-icon.jpg]

As Seen On

                            [as%2Bseen%2Bon.png]

   [INS: :INS]

Where I Go Blog Hopping

   This Ain't The Lyceum JENerally Informed

                                 [INS: :INS]

Legal Stuff

   This website uses affiliate links and cookies from third-party
   advertisers. Everything you read here is my own opinion, and if you
   subscribe by email I'll never sell your address or spam you to death.
   That would be rude. Please see my full Disclosure Policy and Privacy
   Policy if you're just super-duper interested and want to know more
   about that.

Follow Unremarkable Files

   [blue%2Bfacebook.png] [blue%2Btwitter.png] [blue%2Bpinterest.png]
   [blue%2Bbloglovin.png]

   Enter Your Email to Get My Posts In Your Inbox
   ____________________ Subscribe

                            Background by Freepik
   #Unremarkable Files - Atom Unremarkable Files - RSS

   Unremarkable Files

Pages

     * Home
     * About
     * Subscribe
     * Most Popular Posts
     * Contact

Subscribe

   Subscribe to the mailing list for regular hits of hilarity,
   encouragement, and pictures of weird things my kids have done around
   the house.
   If nothing else, it'll at least make you feel better about the weird
   things your kids do at your house.

                          Enter your email address:

                            ____________________
                                  Subscribe

   [20180104_173830.jpg]

                                Told you so.

No comments:

   Post a Comment
   Home

                    ______________________________ Search

I'm Jenny Evans

         [blue%2Bfacebook.resized.png] [blue%2Btwitter.resized.png]
          [blue%2Bpinterest.resized.png] [blue%2Bemail.resized.png]
                       [blue%2Bbloglovin.resized.png]

   [flipped%2Bsmall%2Bsmile.png]

    Night owl, perfectionist, mom of 6, and member of the Church of Jesus
     Christ of Latter-day Saints. Sometimes I make it to appointments on
                        time. But don't count on it.

Get New Posts By Email

   ____________________ Submit

                                 Mr. Rebates

   [INS: :INS]

Topics You'll Find Here

   7 quick takes babies bed rest big families blog c-section chores
   christmas church conversion crazy days dads educational stuff faith
   frugality gift guides god gratitude guest posts happiness holidays
   latter-day saint lifehacks lolz marriage media messes & disasters
   miscarriage modesty money parenting placenta previa poking fun at
   myself prayer pregnancy school semi-useful siblings sleep stress
   struggles teens toddlers vbac videos

Blog Archive

   [Blog Archive_______]

I Was a Latter-day Saint Before It Was Cool

                              [temple-icon.jpg]

As Seen On

                            [as%2Bseen%2Bon.png]

   [INS: :INS]

Where I Go Blog Hopping

   This Ain't The Lyceum JENerally Informed

                                 [INS: :INS]

Legal Stuff

   This website uses affiliate links and cookies from third-party
   advertisers. Everything you read here is my own opinion, and if you
   subscribe by email I'll never sell your address or spam you to death.
   That would be rude. Please see my full Disclosure Policy and Privacy
   Policy if you're just super-duper interested and want to know more
   about that.

Follow Unremarkable Files

   [blue%2Bfacebook.png] [blue%2Btwitter.png] [blue%2Bpinterest.png]
   [blue%2Bbloglovin.png]

   Enter Your Email to Get My Posts In Your Inbox
   ____________________ Subscribe

                            Background by Freepik
   #Unremarkable Files - Atom Unremarkable Files - RSS

   Unremarkable Files

Pages

     * Home
     * About
     * Subscribe
     * Most Popular Posts
     * Contact

Most Popular Posts

   I write a lot of things.
   Most of the time I'm funny, sometimes I'm serious. Sometimes I end
   sentences in prepositions because it sounds better. #sorrynotsorry
   Here are the top 10 most widely read posts at Unremarkable Files, so
   you can see for yourself what it is I do here.

                                    #10:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

First Pregnancy vs. Last Pregnancy

#9:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

My Complete Placenta Previa Story

#8:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

                      42 Signs You Have a Large Family

#7:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

Favorite Responses to Comments on My Family Size

#6:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

We Have FOMO for Our Children and It Needs to Stop



#5:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

                An Open Letter to the Mom in Love You Forever

#4:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

I Have a Big Family and I Did It on Purpose

#3:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

An Accurate Hot Toy List for the Holiday Season

#2:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

18 Ways You Know You've Had a Lot of Babies

#1:

   If you're looking for a parenting blog that will make your life seem
   totally calm by comparison, this would be it. | Unremarkable Files

Why I Make My Kids Go To Church

   And every Friday, I write a weekly recap called 7 Quick Takes. They are
   my favorite writing project on the blog and readers tell me it's their
   favorite thing to read. Check out the latest 7 Quick Takes here.
   If you like what you see, don't forget to subscribe! There's more where
   that came from. (Please note the placement of the preposition. Still
   not sorry.)

                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

1 comment:

   PurpleSlob InRecovery said...
          Jenny, you are so inspiring! A mom of 5 and your brain still
          functions enough to be funny!
          And you remember what the kids did that was so funny!!
          This blog is basically their baby books!! Lol

          September 27, 2015 at 1:34 AM [icon_delete13.gif]

   Post a Comment
   Home

                    ______________________________ Search

I'm Jenny Evans

         [blue%2Bfacebook.resized.png] [blue%2Btwitter.resized.png]
          [blue%2Bpinterest.resized.png] [blue%2Bemail.resized.png]
                       [blue%2Bbloglovin.resized.png]

   [flipped%2Bsmall%2Bsmile.png]

    Night owl, perfectionist, mom of 6, and member of the Church of Jesus
     Christ of Latter-day Saints. Sometimes I make it to appointments on
                        time. But don't count on it.

Get New Posts By Email

   ____________________ Submit

                                 Mr. Rebates

   [INS: :INS]

Topics You'll Find Here

   7 quick takes babies bed rest big families blog c-section chores
   christmas church conversion crazy days dads educational stuff faith
   frugality gift guides god gratitude guest posts happiness holidays
   latter-day saint lifehacks lolz marriage media messes & disasters
   miscarriage modesty money parenting placenta previa poking fun at
   myself prayer pregnancy school semi-useful siblings sleep stress
   struggles teens toddlers vbac videos

Blog Archive

   [Blog Archive_______]

I Was a Latter-day Saint Before It Was Cool

                              [temple-icon.jpg]

As Seen On

                            [as%2Bseen%2Bon.png]

   [INS: :INS]

Where I Go Blog Hopping

   This Ain't The Lyceum JENerally Informed

                                 [INS: :INS]

Legal Stuff

   This website uses affiliate links and cookies from third-party
   advertisers. Everything you read here is my own opinion, and if you
   subscribe by email I'll never sell your address or spam you to death.
   That would be rude. Please see my full Disclosure Policy and Privacy
   Policy if you're just super-duper interested and want to know more
   about that.

Follow Unremarkable Files

   [blue%2Bfacebook.png] [blue%2Btwitter.png] [blue%2Bpinterest.png]
   [blue%2Bbloglovin.png]

   Enter Your Email to Get My Posts In Your Inbox
   ____________________ Subscribe

                            Background by Freepik
   #Unremarkable Files - Atom Unremarkable Files - RSS

   Unremarkable Files

Pages

     * Home
     * About
     * Subscribe
     * Most Popular Posts
     * Contact

Contact

          Nosy questions? Feeling chatty? Want to babysit my kids?
                    Email me at jenny.evans.82@gmail.com
                  Can't get enough of my witty commentary?
              Subscribe! Get updates when I post something new.

                          Enter your email address:

                            ____________________
                                  Subscribe
     Or if you're not into that kind of thing, connect with Unremarkable
                                  Files on:

                                  Facebook

                                  Pinterest

                                   Twitter

                          Tweets by @thatevanslady
   Seriously. That's a lot of options and if you're still reading at this
    point I question your commitment to contacting me in the first place.
                               Click to Share:

                             Unremarkable Files

No comments:

   Post a Comment
   Home

                    ______________________________ Search

I'm Jenny Evans

         [blue%2Bfacebook.resized.png] [blue%2Btwitter.resized.png]
          [blue%2Bpinterest.resized.png] [blue%2Bemail.resized.png]
                       [blue%2Bbloglovin.resized.png]

   [flipped%2Bsmall%2Bsmile.png]

    Night owl, perfectionist, mom of 6, and member of the Church of Jesus
     Christ of Latter-day Saints. Sometimes I make it to appointments on
                        time. But don't count on it.

Get New Posts By Email

   ____________________ Submit

                                 Mr. Rebates

   [INS: :INS]

Topics You'll Find Here

   7 quick takes babies bed rest big families blog c-section chores
   christmas church conversion crazy days dads educational stuff faith
   frugality gift guides god gratitude guest posts happiness holidays
   latter-day saint lifehacks lolz marriage media messes & disasters
   miscarriage modesty money parenting placenta previa poking fun at
   myself prayer pregnancy school semi-useful siblings sleep stress
   struggles teens toddlers vbac videos

Blog Archive

   [Blog Archive_______]

I Was a Latter-day Saint Before It Was Cool

                              [temple-icon.jpg]

As Seen On

                            [as%2Bseen%2Bon.png]

   [INS: :INS]

Where I Go Blog Hopping

   This Ain't The Lyceum JENerally Informed

                                 [INS: :INS]

Legal Stuff

   This website uses affiliate links and cookies from third-party
   advertisers. Everything you read here is my own opinion, and if you
   subscribe by email I'll never sell your address or spam you to death.
   That would be rude. Please see my full Disclosure Policy and Privacy
   Policy if you're just super-duper interested and want to know more
   about that.

Follow Unremarkable Files

   [blue%2Bfacebook.png] [blue%2Btwitter.png] [blue%2Bpinterest.png]
   [blue%2Bbloglovin.png]

   Enter Your Email to Get My Posts In Your Inbox
   ____________________ Subscribe

                            Background by Freepik
