   #DENSOU » Feed DENSOU » Comments Feed alternate alternate

     * Skip to content
     * Skip to footer

   DENSOU

   A leading local media consultancy company

     * Expertise
          + Marketing automation
          + Advertiser consultancy
     * Cases
     * Company
          + About us
          + Our purpose
          + Our people
          + Career
          + Locations

Privacy Policy

   Last revised: January 2019.

   DENSOU (“we”, “us” or “our”) understand that your privacy is important
   to you. We are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your
   personal data, which is any information that is capable of identifying
   you as an individual person, collected via all websites or apps that
   post a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “the Sites”). This
   Privacy Policy describes how we process and protect your personal data
   in connection with the Sites, in our capacity as data controllers.

   Information we collect

   DENSOU collects ordinary personal data when you register for or apply
   for jobs, events or other activities. The data collected varies across
   the Sites and may include information you provide such as name,
   address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, gender, date of
   birth, social security number, resume, grade transcripts, background
   information, education history, job history, personal qualifications,
   achievements, professional and language skills, references, expected
   graduation, current position, preferred working location and other
   information you provide for us. Furthermore, data related to your
   performance in interviews, numerical tests, events or other activities
   may be collected.

   By registering for events or activities or applying for jobs, you will
   receive the correspondence related to which you have registered,
   including invitations and follow-up on the specific event, activity or
   application.
   DENSOU collects ordinary personal data when we work with our clients,
   service providers and external advisors. The data collected varies and
   may include information such as name, contact information, resume and
   any kind of personal data provided by our clients on their employees or
   customers necessary to perform an analysis or provide advice.
   We may automatically collect information about the devices you use to
   interact with our Sites. The information we automatically collect may
   include IP address, device identifier, web browser, and browsing
   information collected through cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear gifs,
   and other similar technologies (collectively “Cookies and Other
   Tracking Technologies”) on our Sites. We may also automatically collect
   information about how you use the Sites, such as what you have searched
   for and viewed on the Sites. The information automatically collected
   will be associated with any personal data you have provided. For more
   information see section on “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies”.

   Use of information

   The personal data we collect may be used where we have your specific
   consent to do so, or where DENSOU has a legitimate interest in or
   another legal basis for processing such information. In some
   situations, the collection of personal data may be required for the
   operation of the Sites or to provide certain services or products.
   DENSOU uses your personal data to fulfil your requests for information,
   process your requests to participate in conferences and events,
   personalize content that you view or receive on the Sites, evaluate and
   improve our services, distribute newsletters and alerts to you, recruit
   and evaluate job applicants, analyse the Sites’ performance and
   functioning, publish your letters to the editor or comments, prevent
   fraud, enforce our terms of use, comply with all applicable laws and
   corporate reporting obligations, enforce DENSOU’s agreements, and
   accomplish other purposes you may initiate or request. We may keep any
   of your personal data on file and use it to contact you.

   DENSOU may use first and third-party Cookies and Other Tracking
   Technologies to manage our Sites and our services and collect analytics
   about how you use them. The information provided throughout this
   Privacy Policy about cookies also applies to these other tracking
   technologies. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more details
   regarding our use of cookies.

   Our Sites do not collect personal data about your online activities
   over time and across third-party websites or online services.
   Therefore, “do not track” signals transmitted from web browsers do not
   apply to our Sites, and we do not alter any of our data collection and
   use practices upon receipt of such a signal.

   Data recipients and international data transfers

   Personal data collected on the Sites may be transferred from time to
   time to DENSOU subsidiaries and affiliates and their personnel across
   our European organization, as well as to our third-party service
   providers located throughout the world, including in countries where
   the local law may grant you fewer rights than you have in your own
   country. Additionally, the Sites may be viewed and hosted by DENSOU and
   our third-party service providers anywhere in the world. Where required
   by law, we have put in place legal mechanisms designed to ensure
   adequate data protection of your personal data that is processed by
   DENSOU subsidiaries, affiliates and third- party service providers,
   including the transfer of your personal data to countries other than
   the one in which you reside. If you would like more information about
   these legal mechanisms, which may include the EU’s Standard Contractual
   Clauses, please contact us at the address below. By using any of the
   Sites and providing information on any of them, you voluntarily consent
   to such trans-border transfer and hosting of such information.

   DENSOU will not intentionally disclose or transfer (and will take
   reasonable steps to prevent the unauthorized or accidental disclosure
   of) your personal data to third parties without your consent, whether
   for such third parties’ own marketing purposes or otherwise, except as
   follows. DENSOU may provide access to your personal data to third party
   service providers engaged by DENSOU to provide services related to the
   Sites, provided that such third- party service providers will first
   agree to maintain the strict confidentiality of such information and
   provide the same level of data security as provided by DENSOU.

   We also may share your personal data with third party service providers
   who perform services and functions on our behalf to support our
   interactions with you, including, for example, processing recruitment
   materials, administering surveys or contests, or communicating with
   you. These third-party service providers are not permitted to use or
   disclose your personal data except as necessary to perform services on
   our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.

   In addition, we may disclose information about you:
     *
          + If we are required to do so by law or legal process;

     *
          + To law enforcement authorities or other government officials;

     *
          + When we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to
            prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with
            an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity;

     *
          + If disclosure is necessary to protect the vital interests of a
            person;

     *
          + To protect our property, services and legal rights;

     *
          + To prevent fraud against DENSOU, our subsidiaries, affiliates
            and/or business partners;
          + To support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance
            functions;

     *
          + To comply with any and all applicable laws.

   We maintain processes designed to ensure that any processing of
   personal data by third-party service providers is consistent with this
   Privacy Policy and protects the confidentiality, availability, and
   integrity of your personal data.

   In addition, we may disclose or transfer your personal data in the
   event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, or
   other transfer or disposition of all or any portion of our business.

   User forums

   You should be aware that whenever you publicly disclose information
   online, that information could be collected and used by others. DENSOU
   is not responsible for any action or policies of any third parties who
   collect information that users publicly disclose in any such forums on
   the Sites.

   Link to third-party sites

   DENSOU may provide links to third-party websites or information as a
   service to our users. If you use these links, you will leave the Sites.
   Such links do not constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship, or
   recommendation by DENSOU of the third party, the third-party website,
   or the information contained therein, and DENSOU shall not be
   responsible or liable for your use thereof. Such use shall be subject
   to the terms of use and privacy policies applicable to those sites.

   Social networking

   The Sites may allow you to sign into and associate your social network
   accounts including, but not limited to, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook,
   and YouTube, with DENSOU. The Sites also may allow you to log in to a
   DENSOU account using certain social network account credentials.

   By associating your social network account with DENSOU or logging in to
   a DENSOU account using your social network account credentials, you
   give us permission to access information that you have made available
   in your public profile for that social network account. The information
   available in your public profile varies based on the social network and
   your settings but may include your email address, real name, profile
   picture, gender, and location. We use the information we receive from
   your social network account in accordance with the social network’s
   terms of use and this Privacy Policy. Please refer to the privacy
   settings in your social network account for information about what data
   is shared with DENSOU and other connected applications and to manage
   the data that is shared through your account, including information
   about your activities using our Sites.

   If you would like to disconnect a social media account from us, refer
   to the settings of that social network account and its provider.

   Security

   DENSOU has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and
   operational security to protect personal data from loss, misuse,
   alteration, or destruction. Only authorized DENSOU personnel and third
   party service providers are provided access to personal data, and these
   employees and service providers are required to treat this information
   as confidential. Despite these precautions, however, DENSOU cannot
   guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your
   personal data.

   Data retention policy

   DENSOU retains personal data, as necessary, for the duration of the
   relevant business relationship. We may also retain personal data for
   longer than the duration of the business relationship should we need to
   retain it to protect ourselves against legal claims, use it for
   analysis or historical record-keeping, or comply with our information
   management policies and schedules. If you request that we delete your
   personal data, DENSOU will make reasonable attempts to delete all
   instances of the information in their entirety. For requests for
   access, corrections, or deletion, please refer to the “Your Rights”
   section of this Privacy Policy.

   Children

   The Sites are not designed for or directed at children 13 years of age
   or younger, and DENSOU does not intentionally collect or maintain
   personal data about anyone under this age.

   Your rights

   Where granted by local law, you may have the right to request access to
   the personal data that we have collected about you for the purposes of
   reviewing, modifying, or requesting deletion of the data. You may also
   have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we have
   collected about you and to have any inaccuracies in that data
   corrected. In certain circumstances, you may also request that we cease
   processing your personal data.

   If you would like to make a request to access, review, or correct the
   personal data we have collected about you, or to discuss how we process
   your personal data, please contact us at
   privacy_information@densou.dk. To help protect your privacy and
   security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such
   as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your
   personal data. We will make reasonable attempts to promptly
   investigate, comply with, or otherwise respond to your requests as may
   be required by applicable law. Different laws may prevent us from
   providing access to your personal data or otherwise fully complying
   with your request depending upon the circumstances and the request,
   such as for example, where producing your information may reveal the
   identity of someone else. We reserve the right to charge an appropriate
   fee for complying with your request where allowed by applicable law,
   and/or deny your requests where they may be manifestly unfounded,
   and/or excessive, or otherwise objectionable or unwarranted under
   applicable law.

   In addition, and where granted by local law, you have the legal right
   to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection authority.

   You may also unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations on any
   of the Sites. To do so, please either follow instructions on the page
   of the Site on which you have provided such information, subscribed or
   registered or contact us at the address provided at the bottom of this
   Privacy Policy.

   Consent; changes to Privacy Policy

   By using the Sites, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of
   your personal data by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy
   and elsewhere on the Sites. We reserve the right to make changes to
   this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to any such
   changes by updating this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to
   this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal data that
   we have previously collected about you, we will obtain your consent
   either through an email to your registered email address or by
   prominently posting information about the changes on our Sites.

   IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework

   DENSOU (vendor ID 542) is a certified member of the IAB Europe
   Transparency & Consent Framework (Framework) which has a simple
   objective to help all parties in the digital advertising chain ensure
   that they comply with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation and
   ePrivacy Directive when processing personal data or accessing and/or
   storing information on a user’s device, such as cookies, advertising
   identifiers, device identifiers and other tracking technologies.

   The Framework is particularly relevant for “first-parties”, such as
   publishers and other suppliers of online services, who work with
   “third-parties” for data-driven service. Using the Framework,
   first-parties can enable third-parties to process user data on one of
   the legal bases of the regulation. The Framework standardises the
   presentation to users’ third-party data processing requests that
   require “informed” consent for data processing. The Framework enables
   “signalling” of user choice across the advertising supply chain. It is
   open-source, not-for-profit with consensus-based industry governance
   led by IAB Europe with significant support from industry parties and
   the IAB Tech Lab, which provides technical management of the
   open-source specifications and version control. For further info about
   the Framework please see https://advertisingconsent.eu/about/

   Contact us

   If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us
   at:

   DENSOU trading desk ApS
   Bredgade 75, 3
   DK-1709 Copenhagen K
   E-mail: privacy_information@densou.dk

Footer

   Copyright ©2019 DENSOU
   All rights reserved ·
   Privacy policy

   Email
   platform@densou.dk
   advertiser@densou.dk
   info@densou.dk

   Locations
   [iabTest.png]
