   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation Habit.com Logo
     * How it works
     * Success Stories

   Log In
   Register kit

Your body knows what it needs. Now you can too.

   Get a personalized nutrition plan based on your self-reported lab test
   values.
   Learn More
   Happy, healthy woman with Habit Personalized Nutrition recommendations
   Happy, healthy man with Habit Personalized Nutrition recommendations

   Get a personalized nutrition plan based on your self-reported lab test
   values.

HABIT ESSENTIAL

   1 Answer a few questions about your health
   2 Get Your Results
   3 See your
   Nutrition Plan

   step 1

Answer a few questions about your health

   Our evidence-based recommendations look at your cholesterol levels,
   activity level and personal wellness goal, to understand what your body
   needs.
   Woman with orange juice and her Habit Personalized Nutrition Test Kit
   and Results

   step 2

Get Your Results

   Learn how your body handles carbs, fat, protein, and more. Know right
   away where you're doing well and where you have opportunities to
   optimize your health with nutrition.
   Habit Personalized Nutrition results

   step 3

See your
Nutrition Plan

   It includes your ideal plate, daily food guide, top-ranked foods in
   each food group, and personalized recipes.
   Habit Personalized Nutrition eating recommendations

Healthy Eating. Simplified.

   Our app, designed by registered dietitians, helps you eat right at home
   and on the go.
   Order Now
    1. Slides of the Habit Personalized Nutrition mobile experience.
       Slides of the Habit Personalized Nutrition mobile experience.
    2. Woman cutting happily cutting a pineapple Woman cutting happily
       cutting a pineapple
    3. An iPad and a few bowls of healthy, tasty food. An iPad and a few
       bowls of healthy, tasty food.

   Know what to eat

   Get a clear view of which foods we recommend for you and why.

   Make changes that
   have an impact

   See your recommended eating habits and easily start building them with
   guidance from the Habit app.

   Cook your
   personalized meals

   Each week you’ll receive a selection of quick and easy recipes tailored
   for your unique needs.
   Previous Next

Better Together

   Habit integrates with Amazon Fresh^* to make grocery shopping easier
   and with Fitbit^® products to create a more complete picture of you.
   Habit Personalized Nutrition Spoon Logo

   +
   FitBit logo
   Amazon Fresh Logo

   ^*In select areas

   Shop for Recipe Ingredients^*
   Amazon Fresh Logo

   ^*In select areas

   Sync your activity &
   get more insights
   FitBit logo
     * Forbes.com Logo
     * LA Times Logo
     * Today.com Logo
     * SF Chronicle Logo
     * Inc.com Logo
     * Fortune.com Logo
     * Mind Body Green Logo

   Habit.com Logo
   FAQ's Blog Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us
   Join our email list
   Sign up
   Copyright© 2018, Habit Food Personalized, LLC

   *Disclaimer: Habit does not guarantee weight loss results and results
   will vary. Weight loss with Habit is designed for no more than 1-2
   pounds per week as part of a calorie-controlled diet and will depend on
   your individual goals. Habit takes a comprehensive approach to weight
   loss that includes biology-based nutrition recommendations, digital
   tools like food journaling, activity tracking with FitBit®, community
   support, digital meal plans, recipes and goal tracking.
