   HOME

     * Personal Data
     *  | Cookies
     *  | Interest based advertising
     *  | GDPR

Privacy Policy for Avid Media Ltd

   This policy covers the Avid Media domains
   'adspdbl.com','avidglobalmedia.com','metadsp.co.uk','avidglobalmedia.eu
   '

   This document explains what personal information we collect from you,
   how we use it and what your rights are. This privacy notice does not
   apply to Avid Media's processing of employee personal data, which is
   subject to a separate privacy notice available through internal company
   systems. If you have any questions, please contact
   privacy@avidglobalmedia.eu

Who is processing my personal information?

   The organisation collecting your personal data is Avid Media Ltd.

   We have a data protection officer, who can be contacted at
   privacy@avidglobalmedia.eu.

What information do we collect about you?

   We collect the following information from you directly:
     * User ID stored in Third Party Cookie. This would be stored when you
       visit a web page in our Ad supplier network or interact with our
       Advertisements (learn about Cookies here) which Identifies you in
       our system.
     * An Advertisement ID, stored in a Third Party Cookie. This would be
       stored when you interact with one of our Advertisements.
     * Advertisement interaction analytics, such as 'Views' and 'Clicks'.
       (We collect this when you are exposed to one of our advertisements
       on the page).

   We collect the following information from you indirectly:
     * IP address and Device ID (We collect these when you interact with
       our advertisements and it is stored temporarily in our logs).

Why do we collect this information?

     * User ID (we store an ID that identifies you relative to our
       platform). We store the ID in a Third Party Cookie (learn about
       Cookies here) as well as in the analytics data on our system. The
       purpose of this ID is to prevent you seeing the same Ad multiple
       times and to target you with Advertisements relevant to your
       interests in future. It may also be used to record how many
       individuals clicked through and reached a certain point on the
       Advertiser's website. We rely on your consent as a basis for this
       processing.
     * AD IDs (we may also store an Advertisement ID in a Third Party
       Cookie (learn about Cookies here). This may be used to record how
       many individuals clicked through and reached a certain point on the
       Advertiser's website).
     * IP Addresses and Device ID (we collect these in our logs to help
       prevent Ad Fraud. The logs are deleted every 5 months).

What personal information do we process, but not collect?

   We process your IP address in realtime for the legitimate interests of
   checking and logging your approximate region of origin and to check
   against a database of active fraudulent bots. For more information
   please contact us at privacy@avidglobalmedia.eu

What happens if I don't provide the personal information you ask for?

   If you do not consent to us setting Third Party Cookies or tracking
   Advertisement analytics, it could result in you seeing the same
   Advertisement multiple times, seeing Advertisements which are not of
   interest to you, or not having any advertisements. You can update the
   personal information we hold about you (or withdraw your consent to us
   processing your personal information) at any time. To do this, please
   contact us as indicated below:

   Request Information:

   privacy@avidglobalmedia.eu

   Withdraw Third party Cookie consent

   By clicking below you agree to us setting two cookies on your browser
   for the Avid Media Domains with the values of "opt-out" and "optout"

   (BUTTON) Opt out

Who do we share your information with?

   We only share anonymous aggregated reports about our Advertising
   campaigns. We do not share any personal data.

How long do we keep your information?

   We keep any personal data for 3 months.

How do you keep my information secure?

   To protect your personal information, we follow industry practices to
   make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed,
   altered or destroyed.

Does the Avid Media Ltd use cookies?

   Avid Media Advertisements & Advertisers utilise "cookies". A "cookie"
   is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect
   information about web site activity. Most browsers allow you to control
   cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove
   them.

Avid Media cookies

   We use cookies to:
     * Collect information about how visitors interact with our
       advertisements.
     * Display relevant advertisements based on location.
     * Track which advertisments have been viewed and prevent repetition.

   All Avid Media cookies are stored on the following domains:
     * adspdbl.com
     * metadsp.co.uk
     * avidglobalmedia.eu
     * avidglobalmedia.com

Removal of all Avid Media Advertisement Cookies

   To remove Cookies which relate to our Advertisements from your browser,
   please click here:

   (BUTTON) Remove Avid Media Advertisement Cookies

   If you would like to permanently Opt out of Avid Media Cookies relating
   to our Advertisements then please click here:

   By clicking below you agree to us setting two cookies on your browser
   for the Avid Media Domains with the values of "opt-out" and "optout"

   (BUTTON) Opt out

Third party cookies

   In addition to Avid Media cookies, our advertisements use respected
   third party companies which use their own cookies to keep track of
   interactions. Two examples are:
     * The video player JWPLAYER to display video advertisements. The
       player uses cookies to track interaction with the video, for
       example, when a video is muted.
     * A partner called Oracle who use cookies to provide more targeted
       and relevent advertisements against your interests. You can view
       their privacy policy here and you can view the cookie information
       that Oracle (Bluekai) store here.

How to manage or refuse cookies

   If you do not want your browser to accept cookies and use them in the
   ways described above it is possible to change your browser settings. It
   is also possible to delete existing cookies from your browser. However
   blocking all cookies will affect your web experience. Some cookies are
   designed to help save you time, for example, by remembering your
   contact details when you are completing a form, this means that you
   will not have to complete the section again unless your details have
   changed. The procedure for modifying your privacy preferences is
   different for each internet browser and we recommend you visit the
   following websites for further information on altering your cookie
   settings:
     * www.aboutcookies.org
     * www.allaboutcookies.org

Interest Based advertising

   Avid Media uses Oracle Data Cloud (BlueKai and Datalogix) to make our
   advertisements more specific to your online interests. You can opt out
   from Oracle Data Cloud's third-party interest based advertising by
   clicking the below button and then clicking on 'OPT OUT'.

   Oracle Data Cloud opt out

Will my data be sent overseas?

   No, if you are based in the EU then any data we process will occur in
   the EU only.

How do I erase my data?

   If you would like to delete your data then please email us at
   privacy@avidglobalmedia.eu.

What do I do if I have questions, a complaint or want to access my
information?

   If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or wish to request
   a copy of the personal information which we hold about you, please
   contact us at privacy@avidglobalmedia.eu. or alternatively you can send
   a letter to: Privacy Team, Avid Media Ltd, Regent's Place, 10 Triton
   Street, London, NW1 3BF. If you are not satisfied with the way your
   query or complaint is handled by us, please let us know by emailing us.
   If you are still unhappy, you may refer your complaint to the
   Information Commissioner's Office in the UK.

GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)

IAB Europe

   [IAB-Europe_TACF_V2-ns0m5p184xzd0rufz47gp48onaz8h1o37t13d51j40.png]
   Avid Media Ltd is a Vendor on the IAB Transparency and Consent
   Framework. The framework offers transparency to the user about which
   Vendors are operating on a first party (such as a publisher), what
   purposes they process personal data for, and a clear mechanism for
   opting out of the Vendor's purposes. For more information please visit:
   advertisingconsent.eu.

   For more information relating to your online privacy under the EU
   General Data Protection Regulations, please click here:

     www.eugdpr.org

   Last updated 20-09-2019
