   #Sarcasm 101 - Atom Sarcasm 101 - RSS

   Sarcasm 101

Pages

     * Home
     * The Other Blog
     * About Me

Tuesday, July 23, 2013

   So it just so happens that BlogHer 13 is this weekend and guess who's
   going? That's right, me. I know, it makes perfect sense doesn't it? A
   prolific blogger like me going to BlogHer?
   What's that you say? Eight blog posts in the last 12 months does not
   count as prolific? Whatever. I'm just going for the wine. What? What? I
   have wine at home? And it's way cheaper than going to BlogHer? OK,
   shutup. I'm still going. You're not talking me out of it.
   But here's a token blog post, just so that I can say my last post was
   this week. ;)
   [dont+marry+a+prince.jpg]
   Posted by rubyspikes at 7:52 PM
   2013-07-23T19:52:00-07:00
   rubyspikes
   Comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Tuesday, December 11, 2012

How Wrong I Was

   I am writing this post from my iPhone. This is not the easiest way to
   write a blog post, but I am doing so because I am trapped under my
   sleeping 6 year old. Trapped in his bedroom, lying on his bed, with his
   little body planted squarely on top of me, his arms extending on either
   side of him and wrapped loosely around me. I was lying next to him at
   bedtime and mentioned that I would be leaving soon. He then crawled on
   top of me to prevent my departure and fell asleep about three minutes
   later. I can extract myself, and will... shortly. For now, I am lying
   here, soaking in the moment, and contemplating how very differently my
   pre-mom self would have viewed my current predicament.
   We all change when we have kids. We all think we know exactly what kind
   of parent we'll be. In many ways, I actually am that parent my
   pre-child self envisioned. But in many other ways, I am not. Pre-child
   me would probably have seen this, my being trapped under my sleeping
   child, as a sign that I had caved, given in to the pressures of
   parenting and a failure to live up to my own standards. Not entirely
   inaccurate, but there's more to it.
   I remember when pre-child me was talking to a mother about her young
   child's bedtime routine. The parents had moved a twin bed into the
   child's room because they inevitably ended up lying with the child in
   his room until he fell asleep. The twin bed was just for the parents.
   This, swore pre-child me, would NEVER be me. A child is capable of
   falling asleep on their own and it is a disservice to the child to not
   teach him to do so. Also, what are the implications to your child's
   view of the world when you move furniture and modify your own evening
   schedule to accommodate their wishes.
   This is the ideal of parenting I held when my first child was born.
   Thus, he was able to sleep through the night at 8 months. We put him in
   his crib, he cried briefly, then fell asleep. He was a great sleeper
   and a very happy baby. When he eventually learned to get out of his bed
   on his own, he quickly learned that he was to stay in his own bedroom
   until we came in to get him at 7. By the time he was 3, I was sure I
   had the child sleeping thing nailed.
   And then I had my second child and things changed. No, it was not the
   added draw of my time, juggling two children, or the plain old
   exhaustion that changed me. It was seeing that tiny baby and realizing
   that my nearly four year had grown so very much and so quickly. It made
   me realize with starker focus, that time wasn't just flying by, it was
   racing. And suddenly my view of parenting changed dramatically.
   My 4 year old would wake in the middle of the night and want to sleep
   in our bed, and instead of thinking "it's really best for him if he
   sleeps in his own bed," I instead could only see my sweet child and the
   fact that I really only had a few more years left when he'd even WANT
   to sleep with me. My child was asking to lie next to me in bed, put his
   arms around me, and feel safe and comfortable and loved. How had I ever
   viewed this as unhealthy for him? I'm a grown up and I'm much more
   comfortable sleeping next to my husband than sleeping all alone. Of
   course my child feels the same way! So now I not only "let" him join us
   in bed, I embrace the occasions. For this time will be so brief, I
   intend to take every opportunity I can to ensure that my sons feel all
   the love I can give them.
   Go ahead, pre-child me, roll your eyes. I've "given in" to the idea of
   a "family bed." But I'll take an occasional night of less than restful
   sleep (as I'm kicked and slept on), because every time he wakes me up,
   I use it as an extra opportunity to wrap my arms around him savor these
   moments. Because eventually he will become.... a teenager.
   [trapped.jpg]
   Posted by rubyspikes at 7:21 PM 10 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Tuesday, August 28, 2012

The Bittersweet Take on a Rubyspikes Vacation

   As you may know, I was on vacation last week. It was fabulous and
   relaxing and blah blah blah...
   Sorry, folks, but even the best of vacations aren't quite perfect. And
   that, my friends, is my great talent in life. I don't see it as
   complaining, I'm pointing out opportunities for improvement! At this, I
   excel.
   Now before you go on thinking how miserable and ungrateful I am, know
   that my first post-vacay post was all, "this is so awesome." So at
   least I'm not always miserable. I've got that going for me. Anyway...
   Here are the top five things that annoyed the crap out of me on my
   nearly perfect vacation.
   5. Poorly executed commercials. While wasting time channel surfing, I
   saw a commercial for farmersonly.com. It's a dating site for farmers
   and other rural folks. In it, some talking cows are discussing a poor,
   single girl who's taking a walk through the cornfield alone again.
   (Hey, cows. You should stop feeling bad for the single girl. I've got a
   feeling her future is brighter than yours.) Meanwhile, the screen shows
   a girl walking through what I'm pretty sure is a wheat field. I don't
   know for sure, I don't walk through many wheat fields. But I am from
   Illinois, so I do know a cornfield when I see one. And that was no
   cornfield. I felt bad for the rural Americans looking for love. If the
   farmersonly.com folks can't even identify the type of grain the girl is
   walkin through, I don't have high hopes for their ability to make a
   rural love connection.
   4. App designers not usability testing their work. I had some issues
   with the Twitter app this past week. You may have heard about that one
   already though.
   3. Noise. You see, when you're trying to unplug and relax, you realize
   just how damn noisy people can be. Lawnmowers, hammers, garbage trucks,
   screaming children, iPhones left in neighboring hotel rooms with alarms
   going off that NEVER TURN OFF for HOURS! Seriously, people, I'm trying
   to take a 3 pm nap over here. Next vacation I'm heading to Montana. I
   hear it's quiet there.
   2. People who don't realize the difference between being polite and
   folksy and being rude and condescending. Case in point, when the
   50-something TSA agent calls the 80-something woman he's screening
   "young lady." Dude! Knock that shit off. 80-something is not young
   unless she's a Redwood, so you're not being cute, you're being
   patronizing. Cut it out. If you pull that crap with me when I'm 80, I'm
   going to smack you upside the head with my cane.
   1. The baggage claim area. God how I hate the baggage claim area. It
   could work so nicely. But NOOOOO. Some of you jerks need to stand as
   close to the belt as is physically possible. Can't stand 2 feet back so
   that everyone else can see their bags as well. Nope, YOU need to stake
   out your own personal section of the belt. YOU need to make sure that
   when your bag arrives, not a second of your precious time is lost due
   to things like "common courtesy" and "human decency." And once one
   person steps up, everyone else has to step up, too. Partly because you
   can no longer see the bags coming because of the jerk standing right
   next to the belt blocking your view, but also because now everyone is
   standing next to the belt so if you don't get up there, too, there
   won't be space for you. And then when you see your bag and try to
   politely say, "excuse me," people look at you like, "you can't fit in
   here! Go find your own section of the belt!" I'm here to tell you,
   you're all freakin' idiots. Back the frock up. If y'all would each take
   two steps back, there'd be room for everyone and everyone would be able
   to see all the bags. On this trip, not only did a jerk decide to park
   himself directly in front me (like literally stood with his back 8
   inches in from my nose when there was about 5 feet of open space just 3
   feet to my right), he decided to build a 9 suitcase wall in between me
   and the belt. He's damn lucky my suitcase didn't come before his wife
   came and whisked their suitcases away or I would have climbed over his
   suitcase mountain to get through to get my bag. Jerk.
   But like I said... Other than that, it was perfect.
   (God, aren't you glad you're not my husband.)
   Posted by rubyspikes at 8:32 PM
   The Bittersweet Take on a Rubyspikes Vacation
   2012-08-28T20:32:00-07:00
   rubyspikes
   Comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Saturday, August 25, 2012

Relaxation Vacation

   This past week I have been on vacation. My husband was invited to a
   work event that took place at the Ritz Carlton in Orange County,
   California. By attending, his airfare, rental car, and lodging would be
   covered, hence if I could find some decent airfare and someone to watch
   our kids, it would essentially be a free vacation for me. I, of course,
   took the opportunity.
   On my first day in paradise, I struggled with what my plans for the
   week were going to be. I knew that I was going to need to do SOME work
   over the course of the week. But I didn't want to spend so much time
   working that I felt like I was "wasting" my vacation. However, I'm a
   little too Type A for my own good and I knew that if I just layed
   around by the pool I would feel like I was "wasting" my time when I
   could be DOING something. Ugh. Two things are clear at this point. 1) I
   need to learn how to relax. REALLY relax. And 2) my constant struggle
   to find balance has followed me on vacation.
   The good news is, this week at least, I found it. I worked a couple
   hours each morning, but did it primarily from my super-comfy bed with a
   beautiful breeze coming though the French doors to the balcony and the
   sound of the ocean waves crashing in the distance. Not bad. I also did
   my very best to delegate tasks that needed to be accomplished instead
   of feeling like I had to step in to make sure everything got done. (And
   of course, the team back home managed just fine without my constant
   presence.)
   But not only did I find the right work balance, this week I also broke
   free from relaxation guilt. I decided to not feel guilty about relaxing
   the way that I really wanted to relax. This was harder than it sounds.
   We arrived at the resort on Monday, so Tuesday was my first full day to
   relax. Tuesday morning, after a couple hours of work, I decided to grab
   my iPad and head down to the pool so I could sit in the shade on a
   chaise lounge chair and read some new as-yet-undownloaded eBook.
   Tuesday afternoon I hung out with my husband for a couple hours before
   we both headed to a work-sponsored dinner. Not a bad day.
   Wednesday morning though, was when I made my big decision. I thought
   about going to the spa or back to the pool or down to the beach. But
   you know what, those pool chairs weren't nearly as comfy as my bed. And
   the beach chairs would be the same. I didn't really feel like swimming,
   and the spa SEEMED good, but I just wasn't really in the mood. (And you
   don't pay $100+ for a massage unless you actually want one.) The bed I
   was in was comfy. Like SUPER comfy. And with the doors to the balcony
   open, there was a beautiful breeze and the constant sound of the ocean,
   which was awesome. And I finally realized that the spa and the pool and
   the beach SOUNDED very relaxing, but what I REALLY wanted to do was not
   have to take a shower, lay in bed, and read. Now normally, this is when
   a little voice in my head would pester me with thoughts like, "Wow,
   great use of the resort, with its with great food, a beautiful beach on
   the Pacific Ocean, a great pool, beautiful views, a spa, great little
   shops nearby, and so much more, you're going to spend the day doing
   something you could do at home." But this time, I ignored that voice
   and, as a result, had a wonderfully relaxing vacation. I did almost
   nothing the entire time. Slept. Read. OCCASIONALLY showered. Slept and
   read some more.
   Plus, it turns out, that little voice is feakin' stupid. When can I
   ever spend 5 consecutive days at home just sleeping and reading
   whenever I feel like it??? (Skipping an occasional daily shower though,
   that might not be so rare.)
   Posted by rubyspikes at 7:17 PM 4 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Thursday, August 23, 2012

How Twitter Mobile is Making Me CRAZY!

   I'm on vacation at the moment. It's a kid-free, do absolutely nothing
   kind of vacaton. I'm really enjoying it. I've pretty much been laying
   in bed, in a beach chair, or by the pool with my iPad and reading. I've
   been reading a book that's been on my list for a while. I've been
   reading blogs that I haven't visited in AGES. I've been checking in on
   the folks on Twitter and Facebook. It's been great. Until today when
   Twitter has made me NUTS!
   I don't have a million followers on Twitter. I don't even have a
   thousand. And I follow only about 500 (at the moment). But still, 500,
   at least for me, is to many to straight up follow without some sort of
   a system. My system: lists. I just have bunches of lists and I read
   different ones depending on what I'm in the mood for.
   A while back, a new version of the official Twitter app for the iPhone
   eliminated the ability to update lists, including updating list
   membership. This blows. I do most of my tweeting from my phone, so
   eliminating a key piece of my functionality sort of sucks. Especially
   when the previous version of the app HAD the functionality. So
   sometimes I follow new peeps, but if they're not in a list, I really
   won't ever see their tweets. So then I have to remember to periodically
   login to my computer and put all the new peeps into lists. A major pain
   in the ass.
   Today, I figured that I would outsmart the damn Twitter app and use the
   browser on my iPad. The iPad has a big enough screen to not be really
   annoying using the full version of most websites.
   I pull out my iPad and go to twitter.com. My first thought: Why does it
   look just like the app??? Oh! I'm on the mobile site. Ok, where's the
   link to the full site? I look and look, no link. Anywhere. I type in
   "www.twitter.com" again like I'm a website idiot (I'm not) just hoping
   it will take me to the full site, fully knowing it won't. It didn't. I
   Google it. There's really no way to bypass it without downloading weird
   apps and other solutions that require WAY too much work. Fine. F*** it.
   I won't clean up my Twitter lists today, I'll just go back to reading
   blogs.
   I read a few posts and then remember that I follow some folks on
   Twitter whose blogs I wanted to add to my Reader. Quick stop back at
   Twitter to get the blog URL's. Not.
   First, another damn list problem. I know the three people I want to get
   URL's from are all in the same list, but there's no way to view list
   membership from the mobile site. All I can see is their tweets, IF
   they've tweeted recently. I scroll. And scroll. And scroll. Apparently
   they're on vacation, too, 'cause no recent tweets.
   Fine, I think. I'll just search for them manually. (I know. My life is
   so hard, but really, this should SO not be necessary.) I can't remember
   the handle of one person. I know her real name (which is VERY common)
   and her avi. Neither of those are going to help me. Oh well. Scratch
   that one. I type in the handle of tweep #2. She comes up. I tap on the
   little link to "view full profile." No link to her blog! No, not
   because she didn't list it, it's just not showing! I confirm this by
   opening my own profile page. No blog link. Oh for the love of God!
   I pull out my iPhone, search for the same someone, and go to her
   profile page. Voila! There it is. So I'm sitting there with my iPhone
   and my iPad together, searching for tweeps on my phone, and then typing
   their blog URL's into my iPad.
   Seriously, Twitter. I love you, but THIS you've got to fix!
   Posted by rubyspikes at 6:22 PM 2 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Tuesday, August 21, 2012

I Need a Book

   It has been forever since I read a really good fiction book. I love
   non-fiction and read a lot of it. What's more, my usual subjects are
   probably what most would consider atypical. I love A.J. Jacobs, Michael
   Pollan, Bart Ehrman, Steven Levitt, Michael Lewis, and Dan Airley. If
   you haven't heard of any of these people, I'm not surprised. They're
   not really household names.
   But I've been reading Harry Potter to my son at bedtime and boy has it
   made me miss a good page-turner. We don't get very far each night, so I
   always find myself wanting to keep going, even though it is clearly
   time for him to sleep. I do my Mommy-duty and put the book down, but
   now I need to find another decent fiction book.
   But what??? I have not read either of the two most recent sensations:
   The Hunger Games and 50 Shades of Grey. I'm just not enthused about
   kids killing each other. And I'm just passing of 50 Shades. The last
   good fiction I read was The Help. It was pretty good. And The Kite
   Runner. Also good. Before that, Angels and Demons and DaVinci Code, but
   whatever that third one was was not great. Oh, and there was The Red
   Tent and Replay and Time and Again were good.
   Maybe I should just read one of the classics that I never got around
   to.
   Oh I don't know. Come on people. Give me some recommendations.
   Posted by rubyspikes at 6:45 PM
   I Need a Book
   2012-08-21T18:45:00-07:00
   rubyspikes
   Comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Friday, August 10, 2012

Benign

   Shortest blog post ever. Update from the last blog post. Both biopsies
   came back benign.
   Carry on.
   Posted by rubyspikes at 4:57 PM
   Benign
   2012-08-10T16:57:00-07:00
   rubyspikes
   Comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Follow by Email

   ____________________ Submit
   Follow rubyspikes on Twitter Tweet

Popular Posts

     * The Rubyspikes Guide to Hosting a Baby Shower That Doesn't Suck
     * Story Sticks
     * This Week in Tweets: But We Did It
     * Baby Shower in Brief
     * Photos of a Second Child: An Open Letter to My Baby Boy
     * The Rubyspikes Guide to Doing Disney World with a 3 Year Old
     * Unemployment Before and After Obama
     * I Guess I Do Care
     * How Wrong I Was
     * This Week in Tweets: I Can't Get that Oompa Loompa Song Out of my
       Head

Blog Archive

     * July 2013 (1)
     * December 2012 (1)
     * August 2012 (6)
     * June 2012 (2)
     * May 2012 (1)
     * March 2012 (6)
     * February 2012 (6)
     * January 2012 (1)
     * November 2011 (2)
     * September 2011 (5)
     * August 2011 (8)
     * July 2011 (16)
     * June 2011 (14)
     * May 2011 (10)
     * April 2011 (18)
     * March 2011 (10)

About Me

   My photo

   rubyspikes

   View my complete profile

Labels

   thisweekintweets politics witch and moan social media blogging stupid
   states faith memoir snark therapy twitter Unbrilliant Ideas facebook
   road rage trdc LLOL OBL Obama airlines blog reading cell phones
   comments favorite tweets housekeeping in the news nutrition oxford
   comma parable parenting rapture readers choice sarcasm snark social
   commentary south dakota springtime summer systems taxes tennessee
   [sarcasm101button.jpg]
   <a border="0" href="
   ____________________
   ____________________
   ____________________

   Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
