   Find us on Google+ #contents World Tourism Directory - Atom World
   Tourism Directory - RSS World Tourism Directory - Atom World Tourism
   Directory - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar

World Tourism Directory

Sahara Desert

   Sahara Desert - World Tourism will discuss about the Sahara Desert .
   Sahara Desert is the largest desert on the African continent. Sahara is
   divided into western Sahara, central Ahaggar Mountains, the Tibesti
   Mountains, Mountain Air (an area of ​​desert mountains and plateaus),
   Tenere desert and the Libyan desert (the most arid region). Emi Koussi
   (3415 m/11, 204 ft) in the Tibesti Mountains in northern Chad is the
   highest peak in the Sahara Desert. The southern border of the Sahara is
   marked by a band semiarid savanna called the Sahel, south of the Sahel
   lies Southern Sudan and the Congo River Basin. Limit of the Sahara
   Desert is the Atlantic Ocean on the west, the Atlas Mountains and the
   Mediterranean Sea to the north, the Red Sea to the east, and the Sudan
   (region) and the Niger River valley in the south. Most of the Sahara
   consists of rocky hamada, ergs (large area covered with sand) form only
   a small part.
   [Sahara+Forest.jpg]
   -Emi Koussi is the highest peak in the Sahara. It is 3415 m and is
   located in the Tibesti Mountains in northern Chad.
   -It is surprising but there are about 500 species of plants that can
   grow in the Sahara Desert.
   [Sahara+sand.jpg]
   -The Sahara, known in Arabic as as-Sahra 'al-kubra and means "The Great
   Desert", is the largest hot desert in the world.
   -With a total of more than 9.4 million km ², almost as large as the
   continental United States or Europe.
   the desert because of rainfall levels are very low.
   [Sahara+sunset.jpg]
   -Rainfall in the Sahara is very rare, but when it does it is usually
   torrential when it occurs after long dry periods.
   -Rock-Art Sites of Tadrart Acacus, where you will find pictures of
   animals on cave walls, declared a UNESCO World.
   [Sahara+tree.jpg]
   -Countries in the Sahara is Algeria, Chad, Egypt, Eritrea, Libya, Mali,
   Mauritania, Morocco, Niger, Sudan, Tunisia and Western Sahara.
   -Richat-structure is unusual landform located in Mauritania. This
   prominent circular feature in the Sahara has attracted the attention of
   many people because of its striking his bull's eye. This unique
   landform has a diameter of about 50 km.
   [Sahara+unta.jpg]
   -Saharan Africa has one of the world's harshest climates. North-east
   wind prevailing often causes sand to form dust devils and dust storms.
   -Sahara is so dry that half of that received less than 20 mm of rain
   per year while the reminders have up to 10 cm per year.
   [Sahara+Yellow.jpg]
   -Berber, together with the Tuareg, are the dominant ethnic group in the
   Sahara.
   -Over-all, when the desert heat and cold combined, the Sahara is the
   largest desert on Earth 2. It is next only to the Antarctic are
   classified
   Read More..

   Labels: Africa

Jerusalem

   Jerusalem - World Tourism will discuss about the Jerusalem. Jerusalem
   is the capital of Israel, though not internationally recognized as
   such, and one of the oldest cities in the world. Jerusalem is situated
   on the southern spur of the plateau in the Judean Mountains, which
   include the Mount of Olives and Mount Scopus eastward.
   [Jerusalem+all.JPG]
   The height of the Old City is about 760 meters or about 2490 feet. The
   whole of Jerusalem is surrounded by valleys and dry riverbeds wadi. The
   Kidron, Hinnom, and Tyropoeon Valleys intersect in an area just south
   of the Old City of Jerusalem. The Kidron Valley runs to the east of the
   Old City and separates the Mount of Olives from the city proper. Along
   the southern side of old Jerusalem is the Valley of Hinnom, a steep
   ravine associated in biblical eschatology with the concept of Gehenna
   or Hell.
   [Jerusalem+door.jpg]
   [Jerusalem+light.jpg]
   The Valley Tyropoeon begins in the northwest near the Damascus Gate,
   ran south-southeasterly through the center of the Old City to the Pool
   of Siloam, and divided the bottom into two hills, the Temple Mount to
   the east, and the rest of the city to the west or the lower and cities
   above described by Josephus.
   [Jerusalem+moon.jpg]
   [Jerusalem+mosq.jpg]
   Today, this valley is hidden by debris that has accumulated over the
   centuries. In biblical times, Jerusalem was surrounded by forests
   almond, olive and pine trees. During the centuries of war and neglect,
   is destroyed. Farmers in the Jerusalem region thus built stone terraces
   along the slopes to hold back the soil, a feature still very much in
   evidence in the Jerusalem landscape.
   [Jerusalem+sunset.jpg]
   Read More..

   Labels: Israel

Sydney Opera House

   Sydney Opera House - World Tourism will discuss about the Sydney Opera
   House. The Sydney Opera House is one of the world's busiest arts center
   gig, hosting over 1,500 performances each year attended by some 1.2
   million people. The Sydney Opera House is administered by the Sydney
   Opera House Trust, under the New South Wales Department of Art.
   [Sydney+Opera+House+blue+cloud.jpg]
   The Sydney Opera House was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site on 28 June
   2007. This is one of the buildings of the 20th century's most
   distinctive and one of the most famous performing arts centers in the
   world.
   [Sydney+Opera+House+boat.jpg]
   The Sydney Opera House is at Bennelong Point in Sydney Harbour, close
   to the Sydney Harbour Bridge. It sits at the northeastern tip of the
   Sydney central business district (CBD), surrounded on three sides by
   the harbor (Sydney Cove and Farm Cove) and inland by the Royal Botanic
   Gardens. The Sydney Opera House is a multi-venue arts center in Sydney,
   New South Wales, Australia.
   [Sydney+Opera+House+street.jpg]
   The building houses the Sydney Opera House where the performance below:
   The Concert Hall, with 2679 seats, is the home of the Sydney Symphony
   Orchestra and is used by a large number of other concert presenters. It
   contains the Sydney Opera House Grand Organ, the largest tracker
   mechanical action organ in the world, with more than 10,000 pipes.
   The Opera Theatre, a proscenium theater with 1507 seats, is the home of
   the Sydney Opera Australia and The Australian Ballet.
   [Sydney+Opera+House+indoor.jpg]
   The Drama Theatre, proscenium theater with 544 seats, is used by the
   Sydney Theatre Company and other dance and theatrical presenters.
   The Playhouse, an end-stage theater with 398 seats.
   The Studio, a flexible space with a maximum capacity of 400 people,
   depending on configuration.
   Space Utzon, the multi-purpose small, seating up to 210.
   The Forecourt, a flexible open space with a variety of configuration
   options, including the possibility of using the Monumental Steps as
   audience seating, used for a variety of community events and major
   outdoor performances. Forecourt will be closed to visitors and
   performances 2011-2014 to construct a new entrance tunnel to a rebuilt
   loading dock for the Opera Theatre.
   Other areas (eg northern and western foyers) are also used for regular
   performances. Venues at the Sydney Opera House are also used for
   conferences, ceremonies and social functions.
   [Sydney+Opera+House+water.jpg]
   There is no doubt that the Sydney Opera House is his masterpiece. This
   is one of the great iconic buildings of the 20th century, an image of
   great beauty that has become known throughout the world - a symbol for
   not only a city, but a whole country and continent.
   [Sydney+Opera+House+night.jpg]
   Read More..

   Labels: Australia

   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Tourist Destination

   USA Indonesia France Africa China Italia England Singapore Egypt Japan
   Russia Germany Saudi Arabia Romania Australia South Korea Antarctica
   Brazil India Israel Norwegia Austria Greece Malaysia Mexico Scotland
   Spain Swiss Thailand Turkey Iceland Jordan New Zealand Sweden Cambodia
   Canada Chile Netherlands Peru Sri Lanka Ukraine Yaman Argentina
   Bangladesh Belgium Bhutan Cameroon Colombia Ecuador Finland Iran
   Myanmar Nepal Philippines Poland Turkmenistan Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam
   Wales

Search This Blog


   Ping your blog, website, or RSS feed for Free Travel backlink Free
   Automatic Link Outdoors & Nature blogs SEO Monitor by MyPagerank.Net
   free BackLink by Counters 4 U [sr.php] Free Automatic Link Free
   backlinks for your site powered by http://www.getfreebl.com

                          free web page hit counter

   Contact Us Disclaimer DMCA Policy Privacy Policy Site Map World Tourism

   World Tourism Directory located at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, Washington,
   DC , Washington, DC, US http://tourismplacesworld.blogspot.com .
   Reviewed by 9698 reader rated: 9 / 10
