   #MRP » Feed MRP » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PSDSDN8

   Skip to content

   Search for: ____________________
   Search

Menu

   Menu

     * Product
          + MRP Prelytix
          + Channel Enablement
     * Solutions
          + Marketing
               o Predictive Marketing
               o Account-Based Advertising
               o Email Marketing
               o Insight Driven Direct Mail
               o Next Gen Inside Sales
          + Sales Solutions
               o Pipeline Management
          + Channel Sales & Marketing
     * Client Stories
     * Resources & Insights
          + Insights
          + White Papers
          + Webinars
          + Events
          + Podcasts
     * See Prelytix In Action

     * About Us
     * Executive Team
     * Careers
     * Kx
     * Subscribe
     * Log In

   Close

Privacy Policy

Market Resource Partners Privacy Policy

   Last revised: March 05, 2019

   I. Introduction

   Market Resources Partners, LLC and its affiliates (MRP) value the data
   protection and privacy rights of the persons (“you” or “your”) whose
   information we collect or receive. This privacy policy (“Policy “)
   explains who we are and the practices that govern how we collect, use,
   share and protect the information you provide to us and other
   information we may collect about you and other individuals and
   companies.

   We recommend that you read this Policy in full to ensure that you have
   a clear understanding of the data that we collect and how we collect
   and use that data.

   We also describe the choices that we offer, including how you can
   change your preferences regarding how we collect and use your
   information.

   As used in this Policy, ‘Personal Information’ means information that
   may be used to identify you personally, such as your name, address,
   email or telephone number and any other information relating to an
   identified or identifiable individual.

   This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the
   privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including
   our vendors or any other third party operating any site or service such
   as publishers that display advertising served by MRP.

   II. About us

   MRP is a marketing and sales solutions company that provides
   integrated, multi-channel communications strategies, self-service
   client technology platforms and complete, in-depth data analytics to
   help achieve revenue goals for our clients and partners worldwide
   across a variety of industries.

   MRP operates its
   websites www.mrpfd.com and www.marketresourcepartners.com and also ad
   hoc microsites (e.g. www.techhubly.com) and landing pages on behalf of
   clients (collectively, the MRP Sites).

   MRP also provides a analytics-based platform called Prelytix (Prelytix)
   aimed at helping its clients predict in real-time, what products and
   services businesses s are likely interested in. MRP also provides
   advertising services (MRP Ad Services) to clients, helping them to
   display relevant online advertising to end users (End Users) who
   interact with third party websites (Third Party Sites). In addition,
   MRP also offers clients a suite of marketing related services including
   email, mail and telemarketing.

   III. What Information Does MRP collect and How is It Collected?

   The types of information that we may collect (directly from you or from
   third-party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of
   the relationship you have with MRP and the requirements of applicable
   law. This section describes how we collect and use that information.
   This includes an overview of the type of information that we collect
   directly and automatically, the types of information that we receive
   from other sources and why we collect that information.

   A. Information That You Provide to Us.

   MRP Sites

   Certain parts of the MRP Sites may ask you to provide Personal
   Information voluntarily. For example, we collect Personal Information
   when you apply for a job at MRP, request a Prelytix demo, express an
   interest in obtaining additional information about MRP or our services,
   subscribe to marketing emails, or otherwise contact us. This Personal
   Information is collected by MRP to provide you with the best and most
   useful content and services, and to offer you opportunities to obtain
   other products and services from us and our Partners.

   The Personal Information we collect may include business contact
   information (e.g. your name, mailing address, telephone number or email
   address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional
   information (e.g. your job title, department or job role) as well as
   the nature of your request or communication. We also collect
   information that you choose to provide to us when you complete ‘free
   text’ boxes on our forms.

   Through Prelytix, clients may be able to provide additional data,
   including their authorised user and target contact information. MRP
   uses this information only to provide clients with services and as
   otherwise agreed to in their respective agreements. MRP may derive
   insights from usage of these features and types of insight typically
   derived from client usage and customer-provided data but does not use
   any client-provided data except to provide its services.

   During marketing services

   You may provide us with information (which may include Personal
   Information) during a marketing call or in response to an email or
   direct mail campaign e.g. you may provide us information regarding
   alternative contacts methods or updating details. The Personal
   Information we collect during the marketing services may include
   business contact information (e.g. your name, mailing address,
   telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. We may also
   collect professional information (e.g. your job title, department or
   job role).

   B. Information That We or Third Parties collect automatically

   MRP Sites

   When using the MRP Sites, we or our Partners may automatically collect
   certain information from your device. In some countries including
   countries in the EU, this information may be considered Personal
   Information under data protection laws. The information we collect
   automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your
   browser ID, your browsing activity, your URL and other information
   about your system, connection and how you interact with MRP Sites. We
   may collect this information using cookies, pixels and/or web beacons
   (Technologies), as explained further in our Cookie Policy.

   MRP Ad Services

   When End Users visit Third Party Sites, we may (and our Partners or
   vendors may) use and deploy Technologies to automatically collect
   certain information about the End Users and their devices.  Some of
   this information (including, for example, an IP address and unique
   identifiers stored in a cookie) may identify a computer or device and
   may in certain circumstances be considered “Personal Information”.
   However, the MRP Ad Services are designed to process information in
   such a manner that the information cannot be directly attributed to a
   specific, identifiable individual without the use of additional
   information (such as your name, address, or email address). We may
   collect this information by assigning a random unique identifier to
   your device the first time you interact with an advertisement on a
   Third-Party Site. This unique identifier may then associate you with
   information that we may collect about you. This information we may
   collect includes information about your browser and device information,
   information about your online behaviour and information about ads
   served, viewed or clicked on.

   C. Information we receive from other Sources

   We may also combine, merge, and/or enhance the information we collect
   about you with information collected from third parties such as other
   web-based and mobile networks, exchanges and websites (“Partners “) or
   our clients.

   This information may include hashed identifiers derived from other
   information such as email addresses, mobile device IDs, demographic or
   interest data (like your industry, employer, company size, job title or
   department) and content viewed or actions taken on a Third-Party Site
   to help make the ads served to an End User more relevant while limiting
   exposure to less relevant ads.

   As part of our marketing services, we may receive business contact
   lists from our clients to use as part of a marketing campaign. This
   data is only used for the client providing the information and in
   accordance with the client’s instructions. From time to time, we may
   also obtain information from the reception of a business which may
   include business contact information (e.g. your name, mailing address,
   telephone number or email address) and professional information (e.g.
   your job title, department or job role).

   Data contained in the MRP database originates from a variety of sources
   including data suppliers, campaigns and MRP’s own research.

   IV. What is the Legal Basis for the Processing of Personal Information?

   MRP relies on both consent and legitimate interest for processing
   Personal Information.

   MRP may process Personal Information pursuant to specific purposes
   which are in our interests and that enable us to enhance the services
   we provide. For example, we may process Personal Information pursuant
   to legitimate business purposes to respond to your inquiries and to
   fulfill your requests, to send you relevant marketing information and
   offers, or to complete transactions; we may share the information
   provided by you with third parties, who use this information to
   recognise you across different channels and platforms over time for
   advertising, analytics, attribution and reporting purposes

   If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting
   and using Personal Information will depend on the Personal Information
   concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we
   normally rely on our legitimate interests to collect
   Personal Information from you, except where such interests are
   overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and
   freedoms.

   If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
   legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information,
   please contact us using the contact details provided under the ‘contact
   us’ section below.

   V. What is the purpose for using your Information?

   We may use and process your information based on the legal grounds and
   for the legitimate business purposes outlined in this Policy:

   For providing and improving our services. MRP may use information it
   acquires to operate, improve, and personalize its business and
   services, including Prelytix and the MRP Sites. This use includes
   deriving insights, trends, use, and analytics, whether actual or
   predicted, from the data collected. MRP may also work with third
   parties to receive data or insights and combine that information with
   the data and insights provided by MRP. When providing our services, MRP
   often uses the data it collects with other data in our possession or
   customer-provided data as part of our services. For example, MRP may
   use information to provide clients with support or improve accuracy and
   develop new features based on historical use and trends.

   Advertising (including ‘interest based’ advertising) and marketing for
   itself and customers.MRP may use the information it collects for
   advertising and marketing, such as creating data segments/audiences,
   analyzing and predicting business buying behavior or business interests
   and delivering interest-based advertising and content to you, such as
   ads, widgets, or website content tailored to you on behalf of
   advertisers, across websites, devices, and over time.  MRP may also use
   the information for performing email, mail and/or telemarketing
   services for its clients.

   As required by applicable law, legal process, or regulation. MRP may
   use all data it collects or receives as required under law, legal or
   financial processes like audits or regulations.

   To provide reporting. MRP may create reports (such as performance
   analytics, statistics, metrics, and other details) for MRP clients on
   the companies and/or users that complete certain actions, such as
   completing a survey, opening/clicking email, visiting an MRP managed
   site or a client managed site.

   For running its business. MRP may use the information it collects for
   billing, account management, invoicing, investigating security and
   privacy incidents, as well as other legitimate business interests.

   For ID synching. We or our third party providers may also use
   information to undertake ‘ID synching’ or ‘user matching’ which means
   that we may share the information provided by you with third parties,
   who use this information to recognise you across different channels and
   platforms over time for advertising, analytics, attribution and
   reporting purposes.

   We may also use the information: (i) to respond to or provide you with
   information you request; (ii) f you have applied for a role with MRP,
   for recruitment related purposes; and (iii) to prevent, detect, respond
   and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited
   behaviour and criminal activity.

   VI. Who do we Share Your Information With?

   How do we share your information

   MRP will only share or disclose information in accordance with all
   applicable laws and regulations. Examples include:

   With clients and Partners. For example, MRP shares information to
   provide MRP Prelytix and its services. MRP also shares information for
   marketing, advertising, and engagement with their customers, such as
   market research, providing interest-based advertising (including
   retargeting), analytics, and advertising and marketing optimization. A
   client may choose to add Personal Information within their possession
   to MRP Prelytix. Clients may also elect to have insights and data
   shared with third party integrations. MRP also shares company or
   Personal Information with its clients for reporting and marketing
   purposes. In addition, MRP may share this information with third
   parties on behalf of the client where MRP have been specifically
   requested to do so by the client or through a contractual arrangement
   e.g. a client has appointed a third party to analyse the data or carry
   out a further service on the client’s behalf.

   Improving Ad Personalization. MRP may share data collected from its own
   products or services or data collected from third party sources and use
   that data to create targeting segments to enable companies to better
   personalize advertising.

   Business Activities. MRP shares information for its legitimate business
   needs, for example, in connection with, or during negotiations of, any
   merger, sale of assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of
   our business to another company or any other similar business, audit,
   or legal disclosure need. MRP may also share information with third
   party vendors consultants, and other service providers who work on our
   behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for
   us and may use your information in connection with the provision of
   such services.

   Security. MRP may share information for security, fraud prevention, law
   and policy enforcement purposes, such as responding to legal matters or
   law enforcement requests or enforcing our policies and terms,
   protecting rights, property, and safety of individuals or other third
   parties.

   Marketing. Any information volunteered for marketing purposes or
   otherwise, may be shared with i) the other third party, client or
   partner mentioned when you provide such information or are contacted by
   MRP or ii) clients who have products or services that may be of
   interest to you. Clients and other third parties may combine the data
   we share (including personal and demographic data) with additional data
   they have for their marketing and sales purposes. MRP offers a
   real-time technology, so data provided by MRP Prelytix and derived
   insights may be shared with third parties in real-time.

   Website advertising partners. We may partner with third party
   advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising Third Party
   Sites, or to manage and serve our advertising on such sites and
   may share your Personal Information with them for this purpose.

   Vital interests and legal rights. We may disclose information about you
   if we believe it necessary to protect the vital interests or legal
   rights of MRP, you or any other person.

   To our affiliates. We may provide your information to our affiliates
   (meaning any subsidiary, parent company or company under common control
   with MRP). Our affiliates will use your information only for the
   purposes described in this Policy.

   Business transfers: We may share your information with a third party in
   the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture,
   assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our
   business, assets or sock (including in connection with any bankruptcy
   or similar proceedings).

   For legal purposes: We may share your information as we believe to be
   necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws
   outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with subpoenas,
   warrants, or other legal process; (c) to respond to requests from
   public and government authorities including public and government
   authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms
   and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our
   affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,
   and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to
   pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

   With consent: We may disclose an individual’s information to any other
   person with the individual’s consent to such disclosure

   VII. Data Security

   MRP takes precautions to protect data and information under its control
   from misuse, loss or alteration. MRP has put in place appropriate
   technical and organizational measures to protect the information we
   hold. MRP’s security measures include technology and equipment to help
   protect our information, segregated databases and systems, firewalls,
   systematic controls and maintained security measures regarding who may
   and may not access our databases, systems etc.

   VIII. Opting Out and Your Privacy Rights

   IFRAME: https://techhubly.com/button/

   MRP will only use your Personal Information for the purposes described
   in this Policy or as subsequently authorised by you. We also wish to
   offer you with choices about how your Personal Information is used and
   shared, as further outlined below.

   A. Opting-Out. MRP provides Users with several ways in which they can
   easily opt-out of MRP’s services.

   1. Opting out of receiving email, mail and telemarketing communications

   If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails, mail or
   telemarketing from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of
   receiving these marketing-related communications by (i) contacting us
   at privacy@mrpfd.com; (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link within the
   email message that you receive from us; or (iii) notifying us during a
   marketing call.  Please also note that if you do opt out of receiving
   marketing-related emails from us, we may still be required to send you
   administrative messages relating to our services from time to time.

   2. Opting out of our sharing of your Personal Information with
   affiliates for their direct marketing purposes

   If you would prefer that we do not share your Personal Information in
   the future with our affiliates for their direct marketing purposes, you
   may opt out of this sharing by contacting us at privacy@mrpfd.com

   3. Opting out of MRP cookies

   See MRP’s Cookie Policy for information on how MRP uses Technologies.

   If you wish to opt-out of being tracked by us using cookies please go
   to our opt-out page.

   When you opt-out, we will place an MRP cookie on or otherwise identify
   your browser in a way that informs our systems not to record
   information related to your business research activities. However,
   please note that if you browse the web from multiple devices or
   browsers, you will need to opt-out from each device or browser to
   ensure that we prevent personalisation tracking on all of them. For the
   same reason, if you use a new device, change browsers, delete the MRP
   opt-out cookie or clear all cookies, you will need to perform this
   opt-out task again.

   Please note that the use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties
   is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this
   Policy. If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and
   accessing cookies on your computer, you may set your browser to block
   cookies.

   More information on all aspects of cookies can be found
   at www.allaboutcookies.org

   B. Your Privacy Rights

   (a) You have the right to request access to or that we change, update,
   or delete your Personal Information at any time.

   (b) If we have collected and process your Personal Information with
   your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
   Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any
   processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect
   processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful
   processing grounds other than consent.

   (c) The right to opt out of receiving marketing communications from us.
   See above for further information.

   (d) If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you may
   also have the following rights:

   (i) The right to object to processing of your personal
   information, restrict processing of your personal information,
   or request portability of your personal information. To exercise these
   rights email privacy@mrpfd.com; and

   (ii) The right to complain to a data protection authority about our
   collection and use of your personal information. For more information,
   please contact your local data protection authority.

   IX. How Do We Transfer Information?

   Personal Information collected outside the United States, including in
   the European Economic Area (“EEA “), is transferred to and stored on
   our servers in the United States and potentially in or to other
   countries whose data protection laws may be different to the laws in
   your country. We will protect your Personal Information in accordance
   with this Policy wherever it is processed.

   In accordance with our commitment to protect personal privacy, MRP
   adheres to the principles of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and
   the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and have certified compliance
   with the U.S. Department of Commerce. Please see our “Privacy Shield
   Policy.” to learn more about the Privacy Shield Program and to view our
   certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome.

   X. General

   Industry Standard Practices

   MRP follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the
   personal and other information covered by this Policy. We have training
   and policies and procedures in place to address the security of our
   workplaces and the integrity and protection of electronic records
   stored in our systems. MRP’s systems uses firewalls and Secure Socket
   Layers to help protect and safely transmit information.

   Social Media Features

   The MRP Sites may include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook
   Like button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you
   are visiting on the MRP Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the
   Feature to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted
   by a third party or hosted directly on the MRP Sites. Your interactions
   with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company
   providing it.

   Data Retention

   We will retain Personal Information we collect from visitors as well as
   data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed provide
   our services to our visitors and Clients. We will retain Personal
   Information only as necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
   resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements in your (respective)
   jurisdiction(s). Cookie information is retained for up to 13 months and
   is deleted thereafter.

   Change of Control

   In the event of a merger or acquisition of our company, the sale of
   substantially all its assets related to the operation of the Sites, or
   other change of corporate control, all information concerning visitors
   would be transferred to or controlled by the successor entity. Such
   information would remain subject to the principles and guidelines set
   forth in our Policy.

   Privacy of Children

   MRP does not intentionally collect information from persons under the
   age of 13. Neither the MRP Sites nor the MRP Ad Services are intended
   for use by children under the age of 13.

   Privacy Policy Updates

   This Privacy Policy will be updated periodically to comply with the
   evolving legal framework and to conform to our current business
   practices. Unless stated otherwise, our current Policy applies to all
   information that we have collected concerning a visitor to this Site or
   through our Ad Services or other means. If we make any material changes
   we will notify visitors by means of a notice on www.mrpfd.com website
   prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage visitors to
   periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy
   practices. Visitors with questions or concern about our privacy
   practices see “Obtaining Information From Us & Communicating With Us”
   below.

   Obtaining Information From Us & Communicating With Us

   Upon a visitor’s request (using any of the contact methods below)
   concerning their Personal Information, we will provide and/or correct
   or delete such information that we may have in the MRP database
   collected from www.mrpfd.com and our associated systems in reasonably
   obtainable form. Visitors may also contact us (using any of the contact
   methods below) to express their preferences on how we communicate with
   them, to ask questions relating to this Policy, or to request that they
   be removed from our database. MRP will respond to your access request
   within 30 days.

   Access to Information Controlled by MRP

   In the event that you wish to access, change or update any information
   we hold on you please contact privacy@mrpfd.com and we will endeavour
   to respond to your request within 30 business days.

   Access to Data Controlled by our Clients

   An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or
   delete inaccurate data should direct his query to MRP. If the data was
   initially provided by a client, then MRP will redirect the request to
   the client and respond as appropriate. If MRP is the controller of the
   data, then MRP will deal with the request and respond to the
   individual.

   Complaints and Dispute Resolution

   If you have any concerns regarding the privacy of your data you can
   contact us directly via the methods set out below. All complaints or
   concerns and appropriate resolution relating to the practices of
   handling Personal Information will be logged.

   You also have the right to use the dispute resolution service provided
   by Privacy Trust (you can contact PrivacyTrust online via
   www.privacytrust.com) or lodge your complaint directly with the UK
   supervisory authority, the ICO (you can contact the ICO online via
   https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/).

   Contact Us

   We are happy to provide any additional information or explanation
   needed or if you have any questions about this Policy.

   You can contact us;

   By post –

   Our US address

   Market Resource Partners LLC.
   1818 Market Street, 37^th Floor
   Philadelphia, PA 19103

   Our EU address

   Market Resource Partners Limited

   Weaving Works

   11 Ormeau Avenue,

   Belfast Northern Ireland

   BT2 8YB


   By Email – privacy@mrpfd.com.

   Please note that email communications are not always secure.

   Through our website – www.mrpfd.com


   Please direct all correspondence FAO MRP Privacy.

MRP Prelytix

   The Only Enterprise Class Predictive ABM Platform See MRP Prelytix In
   Action

Global Offices

     * Belfast
     * Sydney
     * London
     * Managua
     * Philadelphia (HQ)
     * View All

Contact Us

     * 215-587-8800
     * Questions?
     * Subscribe

Privacy & Security

     * Privacy Policy
     * Privacy Shield Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * GDPR Update

Sharing is Caring!

     *
     *
     *
     *

   Archive

   ©2019 All Rights Reserved MRPFD
   #MRP » Feed MRP » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PSDSDN8

   Skip to content

   Search for: ____________________
   Search

Menu

   Menu

     * Product
          + MRP Prelytix
          + Channel Enablement
     * Solutions
          + Marketing
               o Predictive Marketing
               o Account-Based Advertising
               o Email Marketing
               o Insight Driven Direct Mail
               o Next Gen Inside Sales
          + Sales Solutions
               o Pipeline Management
          + Channel Sales & Marketing
     * Client Stories
     * Resources & Insights
          + Insights
          + White Papers
          + Webinars
          + Events
          + Podcasts
     * See Prelytix In Action

     * About Us
     * Executive Team
     * Careers
     * Kx
     * Subscribe
     * Log In

   Close

Unlock Your ABM

   MRP Prelytix, the only enterprise class
   predictive ABM platform

   Learn More
   00:29
   00:30
   MRP Prelytix is the only predictive analytics platform to escape static
   batch processes, giving clients first mover advantage and the ability
   to mirror needs for each target account, at each stage of their
   decision process.
     * Start Your ABM Journey
     * Explore MRP Prelytix

     * Watch An Overview >
       The only enterprise class platform, purpose-built to drive
       measurable revenue impact.
     * Download The Whitepaper >
       Translate Email Marketing Into A High Performing Component Of Your
       ABM Program
     * Find Out Here >
       Discover why leading B2B enterprises trust MRP to transform their
       brands.

For enterprise organizations that serve multiple geographies, lines of
business or industries, MRP Prelytix is the only ABM platform designed to
give you control of your data, visibility into your target market and scale
in the delivery of the highest impact engagement strategy.

   Unlock Your ABM
   Play
   Video of Adam Kupperman

     We’re incorporating MRP Prelytix to get ahead of customer buying
     patterns so we can identify leads that are in a buying cycle.

     Adam Kupperman Vice President, Go to Market

     * Dell EMC
     *
     * Oracle
     * SAP
     * Hewlett Packard Enterprise
     * Infor
     * Cisco
     * Ruckus Wireless

   Learn how MRP Prelytix helps our clients operationalize data, applying
   machine learning to optimize each interaction.
   Read Client Stories

   MRP uses cookies for functional, performance and analytical purposes.
   Some cookies used by third party providers may be used for targeted
   advertising purposes.
     * Click on “I Agree” to agree to the use of cookies by MRP and third
       parties.
     * Learn more about the processing of the data that can be collected
       and processed by MRP and third parties.
     * For additional details, please read our privacy policy

   I Agree

MRP Prelytix

   The Only Enterprise Class Predictive ABM Platform See MRP Prelytix In
   Action

Global Offices

     * Belfast
     * Sydney
     * London
     * Managua
     * Philadelphia (HQ)
     * View All

Contact Us

     * 215-587-8800
     * Questions?
     * Subscribe

Privacy & Security

     * Privacy Policy
     * Privacy Shield Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * GDPR Update

Sharing is Caring!

     *
     *
     *
     *

   Archive

   ©2019 All Rights Reserved MRPFD
