   #ABBYY Technology Summit 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada » Feed ABBYY
   Technology Summit 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada » Comments Feed ABBYY
   Technology Summit 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada » Posts by hosting@abbyy.com
   Feed

   Skip to content

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation ABBYY Technology Summit 2018 – Las Vegas,
   Nevada
     * home
     * Sponsors
     * Speakers
     * Agenda

Hello world!

   Posted on July 3, 2018 by hosting@abbyy.com

   Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then
   start writing!
   © 2018 ABBYY USA Software House, Inc. All rights reserved.
   Contact Us|Legal|Privacy
   #ABBYY Technology Summit 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada » Feed ABBYY
   Technology Summit 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada » Comments Feed alternate
   alternate

   Skip to content

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation ABBYY Technology Summit 2018 – Las Vegas,
   Nevada
     * home
     * Sponsors
     * Speakers
     * Agenda

home

   Thank you for an amazing

ABBYY Technology Summit 2018

ABBYY Technology Summit is now the Content IQ Summit

   Visit us from October 25-26 in Nashville, TN
   Click here to visit the 2019 website

Accelerate your digital transformation initiatives

Content Intelligence: AI for documents.

   Join us this October for ABBYY’s 6th Annual Technology Summit at the
   Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas. You will take a deep dive into the
   impact RPA is having on intelligent capture, discussions about the
   market opportunities around content intelligence, and industry shifts
   related to intelligent capture as a market and solution which
   differentiates capabilities impacting BPM, ECM, RPA and ERP markets.
   You will also have the opportunity to meet the engineers behind our
   game-changing products and network with other power players and thought
   leaders.
   Download the event flyer

Justification letter

   Need help justifying your trip to your manager? We’ve created a
   customizable template.
   Download the letter

Mark your calendars – #ABBYYSummit18 – October 10-12!

   Contact ATS@abbyy.com if you need more information or have questions.

About ATS 2018

   Watch Video

Event location

The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas

   The Cosmopolitan is a unique luxury resort & casino unlike anything
   else in Las Vegas. This original destination features
   residential-styled living spaces with private terraces, a one-of-a-kind
   restaurant collection and vibrant nightlife. Combine it all with
   hand-selected boutiques, an unrivaled Pool District, a 100,000
   square-foot casino and the serenity of Sahra Spa & Hammam to redefine
   your Las Vegas experience.

   Attendees of ABBYY Technology Summit will receive reduced hotel room
   rates ($195 per night + taxes and fees, available for 10th and 11th
   September). To book your reservation please call or book online. Be
   sure to mention code: ABBYY Technology Summit.
   877.551.7778 Book online ›

Opportunities at the summit

This is your chance to:

     * Learn how ABBYY's machine learning innovations are impacting the
       digital transformation industry in 2019.
     * Build strategies to attract new and existing business.
     * Network with other power players.
     * Enjoy a sneak-peak at the next generation of products and features
       from ABBYY.
     * Interact with real-time and hands-on demonstrations of the latest
       ABBYY Technology.
     * Discover new ABBYY Technology use cases and gain competitive
       advantages.

Why you should attend:

     * Discover the impact of intelligent capture on Business Process
       Management and Process Automation.
     * See how you and your customers can benefit from the latest
       developments in artificial intelligence, natural language
       processing, and machine learning.
     * Explore how these new developments are improving context
       understanding of high value data, accelerating transactions,
       improving process outcomes, and driving revenue.
     * Interact with ABBYY technologies, platforms, and solutions with
       technical hands-on workshops.
     * Engage with other partners as they reveal their success stories and
       case studies addressing mortgage processing, accounts payable,
       mobility, transportation, and much more.

   © 2018 ABBYY USA Software House, Inc. All rights reserved.
   Contact Us|Legal|Privacy
   #ABBYY Technology Summit 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada » Feed ABBYY
   Technology Summit 2018 - Las Vegas, Nevada » Comments Feed alternate
   alternate

   Skip to content

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation ABBYY Technology Summit 2018 – Las Vegas,
   Nevada
     * home
     * Sponsors
     * Speakers
     * Agenda

Agenda

Agenda

   ABBYY Technology Summit 2018
   October 10 - 12, 2018 | Las Vegas

Accelerate your digital transformation initiatives

   Oct. 10th

   Wednesday

   Oct. 11th

   Thursday

   Oct. 12th

   Friday

Pre-conference FlexiCapture Recertification, Nolita 2

   Time
   Pre-conference FlexiCapture 12, Recertification for R2
   8:00am-9:00am
   Breakfast
   9:00am – 12:00pm
   FlexiCapture 12 R2 Recertification
   10:00am – 12:00pm
   Solution Partner Business Update
   12:00pm – 1:00pm
   Lunch
   1:00pm – 3:00pm
   Solution Partner Business Update
   1:00pm – 5:00pm
   FlexiCapture 12 R2 Recertification
   3:00pm – 5:00pm
   Registration
   5:00pm – 7:00pm
   Welcome Reception, Mont-Royal Commons
   Time
   General Session
   7:45am - 8:30am
   Breakfast
   8:30am – 8:35am
   General SessionWelcome Ulf Persson, CEO, ABBYY
   8:35am – 9:00am
   General SessionABBYY Vision and Strategy Ulf Persson, CEO, ABBYY
   9:00am – 10:00am
   General SessionKeynote - Content Intelligence: AI for Documents This
   presentation from an industry expert will help you understand how to
   measure success along the journey toward digital transformation. Along
   with updated information about where we are/where we're going, Toby
   will further separate hype from reality with a focus on what works best
   among today's critical technologies and strategies. Toby Bell, Chief
   Content Evangelist, HSA, Inc.
   10:00am – 11:00am
   General SessionKeynote - Smarter Robots with Content Intelligence
   Robotic Process Automation (RPA) robots are increasingly becoming more
   intelligent. They are gaining skills to apply to a variety of tasks
   including problem solving, vision and content intelligence. In this
   presentation, Sarah Burnett will examine the rise of robots with
   skills, and how the next stage of evolution of intelligent automation
   is taking shape in the area of content intelligence and processing.
   Sarah Burnett, Everest Group
   11:00am – 11:30am
   Break (Foyer)
   Time
   Sales and Marketing Track
   FlexiCapture Technical Track
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)
   11:30am – 12:15pm
   Sales and Marketing TrackAI, Cognitive and Robotics: Selling Automation
   to the Modern Enterprise Join our group of expert panelists as they
   explore the overwhelming impact of AI, cognitive, and robotics have in
   the thinking of customers as they explore solutions to automate and
   accelerate customer engagements and processes. We read about the vision
   and capabilities in the news and industry publications every day, but
   what are customers buying and implementing to execute on that vision.
   Our panelists will address scenarios and use cases where the
   combination of AI, cognitive, and robotics are changing the buying
   patterns of enterprise customers and how solution providers and
   resellers can benefit from this new wave. Panelists: Sarah Burnett,
   Everest Group Toby Bell Holly Muscolino Panel Discussion, Moderator:
   Patricia Ames, President and Analyst, BPO Media
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackNew Capabilities of the FlexiCapture
   Platform Watch how FlexiCapture 12 learns on the job saving you time
   and resources. See how it can help you deploy faster and integrate
   better. Experience how FlexiCapture enhances images and improves
   quality to get it right first time. Steve Ponting, Director of Customer
   Enablement, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)ABBYY FineReader Engine-the
   AI-powered OCR and classification toolkit The latest version of ABBYY
   FineReader Engine leverages Artificial Intelligence and Machine
   Learning to achieve higher recognition results and document
   classification. This session will focus on learning and training
   capabilities of FineReader Engine in order to ensure you are getting
   the maximum recognition and classification results from our engine.
   Rainer Pausch, Senior Director of Product Marketing, ABBYY
   12:15pm – 1:00pm
   Sales and Marketing TrackAddressing RPA, BPM, ECM, and Process
   Intelligence with a Content Strategy “Intelligent Automation” is the
   buzzword for enterprises who are exploring and investing into the value
   of robotics, AI, and other technologies to transform their business
   processes and customer experience. Join us for this session as we
   discuss the importance of content intelligence and how it’s key to a
   digital automation strategy involving RPA, BPM, ECM, and Process
   Intelligence. Bill Galusha, Director of Product Marketing, ABBYY
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackEnterprise Readiness: Security, Disaster
   Recovery, Scalability and Performance In this session, we discuss new
   FlexiCapture enhancements for Security, High Availability, Scalability
   and Performance –Rendering this flagship product truly Enterprise
   Ready. Ivan Gravanov, Principal Technology Advisor, Global Professional
   Services, ABBYY & Paula Sanders, VP of Global Customer Enablement,
   ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Unleash the power of FineReader
   Engine –technical deep dive As developers you are all experts in your
   applications and solutions. This hands-on technical session will walk
   attendees through some of the challenging cases developers have faced
   and the steps they took to optimize their solutions in order to get the
   best results out of FineReader focusing on accuracy and performance.
   Larysa Lototska, Technical Product Marketing Manager ABBYY
   1:00pm – 2:00pm
   Lunch (Mont-Royal Ballroom)
   2:00pm – 2:30pm
   Sales and Marketing TrackFlexiCapture 12 R2 New Selling Opportunities
   FlexiCapture is a proven enterprise platform for all intelligent
   capture use cases. This session will address new business opportunities
   where the platform has delivered significant customer value with
   repeatability. We will discuss loan origination, shared service
   centers, transportation/logistics, and insurance claims use cases where
   the capacity and capabilities of FlexiCapture 12 were deciding factors
   in the customers decision process. Reginald Twigg, Director of Product
   Marketing, ABBYY
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackClassification: What's New in Technology A
   look at classification technology in FlexiCapture 12 including a review
   of new features in R2. We will also cover use cases and do a brief
   walkthrough of how to setup a project and leverage the new
   functionality. Pierre Van der Westhuizen, Solutions Architect, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Hands On - Leveraging the new
   classification of FineReader Engine 12 FineReader Engine 12 comes with
   new AI powered classification. In this session you will learn how
   easily you can employ it in your applications. Tony Connell, Customer
   Enablement, ABBYY
   2:30pm – 3:15pm
   Sales and Marketing TrackMobile and Intelligent Capture If everyone has
   a scanner in their pocket, why are enterprises struggling to leverage
   that asset as a key differentiator and primary source for their content
   intelligence strategies? This hands-on session will walk participants
   through the entire ABBYY mobile technology stack and present solutions
   that can be delivered to customers to more easily enable them to
   present a mobile strategy to their customers. Mobile is the primary
   engagement source and enterprises leveraging that channel gain
   competitive advantage and customer loyalty. Let’s make mobile part of
   your strategy for growth in 2019. Marlene Wolfgruber, Product Marketing
   Manager, ABBYY & Anna Koltsova, Mobile Product Marketing Manager, ABBYY
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackApplying NLP to Address Unstructured
   Content The rise of voice activated technologies, AI, and other
   technologies have renewed interest in Natural Language Processing
   (NLP). In this session, we will discuss the past, present, and future
   of these technologies as well as how ABBYY is using NLP in FlexiCapture
   and other tools to extend the boundaries of possibilities in this
   market. Chip Vonburg, Head of Professional Services, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)ABBYY Cloud services for developers:
   Attract new customers and grow your business If you are looking for
   cloud-based delivery to expand your products and services, this session
   will provide an update on the ABBYY Cloud offering. Included in the
   session will be information on the latest features supported and
   information on security and privacy. Rainer Pausch, Senior Director of
   Product Marketing, ABBYY
   3:15pm – 4:00pm
   Sales and Marketing TrackSelling the Enterprise: High Volume
   FlexiCapture Implementation Case Study Fast. Elastic. Always on. You
   don’t have to choose. In this session, we will tell you the story of
   how we designed, built, and tested FlexiCapture’s largest installation
   to date, and how we discovered some unexpected benefits in the process.
   You will learn how to sell the benefits of FlexiCapture’s high volume
   capabilities and set expectations for a smooth transition into
   implementation. Jimar Garcia, HatchWork Solutions
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackMobility - Deep Dive into the Capabilities
   of the ABBYY Mobile Portfolio The FlexiCapture Mobile Client allows
   users to take pictures from their iOS or Android device and send them
   directly to their company’s FlexiCapture solution. This session will
   demonstrate the Mobile Client capture solution, including batch
   creation, image clean-up, and parameter entry. Installation and
   configuration will also be discussed. Glenn Rosenthal, Solutions
   Architect, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Incorporating Data Capture
   capabilites into your solution This session will address the various
   inputs, APIs, and platforms available to developers, ISVs and partners
   to deliver a more robust capture offering. This session will present
   the various integration points for ISVs to leverage the advanced
   automated classification, data extraction and validation capabilities
   of the FlexiCapture product portfolio to improve the effectiveness of
   their applications and solutions. Andrew Zyuzin, Director of Product
   Management, ABBYY
   4:00pm – 4:30pm
   Break (Foyer)
   4:30pm – 5:00pm
   Sales and Marketing Track
   Are You Ready to Navigate the GDPR Compliance Challenge? The EU General
   Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a game changer. It brings privacy
   law into the 21st century. While its ambition is to foster the free
   flow of information it considerably strengthens privacy rights, imposes
   rigorous obligations on data controllers and processors, backed up with
   penalties and legal liabilities in the event of non-compliance. While
   GDPR is an EU regulation its impact is global in scope. All US
   companies that offer goods and services to EU residents are potentially
   subject to GDPR. Yet, recent surveys indicate that a large percentage
   of US companies are not ready to comply with GDPR. What are the major
   hurdles to compliance? Visibility to data is at the core of the
   compliance challenge driven by the growth in the volume, velocity and
   variety of data – a large percentage of which now lives beyond
   traditional organizational boundaries – in the cloud, IoT and social
   media. This presentation is designed to help your organization navigate
   the data challenges associated with GDPR compliance and provide a
   practical framework to apply AI and machine learning technologies to
   streamline your compliance obligations.
   Andrew Pery, Product Marketing, ABBYY & Barry Plunkett, Sr. Manager,
   Business Development, ABBYY
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackThe Optimal FlexiCapture for Invoices
   Project Every AP implementation is different. A company that builds
   warehouses might be completely PO driven while a company that sells
   magazines might never use one. The way a company captures the data they
   need to facilitate their invoice capture could be vastly different. In
   this session we will explore the gray areas that cause havoc in an FCI
   project and how to set proper expectations and avoid pitfalls so you
   can enjoy the optimal FCI project. We will look at accuracy
   expectations, coding and approval, utility bills, statements, invoice
   separation and open the floor for questions. Demo requests will be ad
   hoc after the session. Todd Pratt, Customer Enablement, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Streamlining digital documents In
   this session you will learn how Trumpet’s Symphony OCR is streamlining
   digital documents for legal firms. Trumpet is ensuring law firms 100%
   confidence in content search, optimizing file size and preserving the
   integrity of the original files all with the power of ABBYY OCR
   technology. Learn how Trumpet and their 1000+ customers benefit from
   implementing ABBYY technologies into their products. Will Stagl,
   Director of Sales and Marketing, Trumpet, Inc.
   5:00pm – 5:30pm
   Sales and Marketing TrackMultinational Technology Company Achieves
   Frictionless Purchase Order Processing with RPA + Content Intelligence
   Unhappy with its slow and error prone manual offline order processing
   business, Dell’s frictionless process engineer set out to lead the
   digital transformation of a multi-billion dollar technology company’s
   customer-oriented processes with automation. Hear how this enterprising
   product leader navigated skeptics, gained executive buy in and is well
   on the way to exceeding the expectations of key vendors, achieving cost
   savings of several million a year and expanding the winning solution to
   other parts of the growing global business. Pranay Jaiswal, Head of
   Product, Robotix & Order Frictionless, Dell
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackCapture Integration for Robotic Process
   Automation (RPA) Organizations are having great success in automating a
   wide range of processes today with RPA, but in order to get the next
   level of intelligent automation requires the ability to digitize,
   classify, and extract insight and data from content. Attend this
   session to learn about the ABBYY connector strategy to RPA and other
   intelligent automation platforms. We will discuss and demonstrate the
   latest FlexiCapture connectors for RPA, and how the integration enables
   designers to build robotic processes that connect directly to
   FlexiCapture for processing forms and unstructured documents. Bill
   Galusha, Director of Product Marketing, ABBYY and Neil Murphy, VP Head
   of Global Business Development, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Going beyond data extraction In this
   session you will learn how PricewaterhouseCoopers has built a whole
   ecosystem around ABBYY technologies to efficiently extract data from
   multiple semi-structured and unstructured documents. See how PWC is
   using natural language processing, machine learning and classification
   with ABBYY technologies to provide end to end document processing and
   analytics solutions to its customers. Joe Harrington, Managing
   Director, Innovation Group, PwC and Prashantha Saradesai, Manager,
   Innovation Group, PwC
   6:30pm – 8:30pm
   Dinner
   Time
   Sales and Marketing Track
   FlexiCapture Technical Track
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)
   7:30am - 8:30am
   Breakfast
   8:30am – 9:15am
   Sales and Marketing TrackBest Practices in Identifying and Selling
   Invoice Projects Accounts payable departments are still ripe for
   automation, and FlexiCapture for Invoices is a competitive solution to
   deliver quick and easy efficiency to businesses – no matter what size
   or industry. Are you making the most of this unrivaled opportunity?
   Meet the leaders of four high performing ABBYY Value Added Resellers
   and learn how they’re on their way to exceeding their quotas with
   invoice sales. Daneen Storc, Director of Strategic Partnerships &
   Solutions Panelists: Rob DeVincent, Senior Sales Consultant, MTS
   Software Solutions Travis Spangler, General Manager, User Friendly
   Consulting Richard Tamaro, CEO, CASO Mike Stuhley, CEO Formtran Panel
   Discussion, Moderator: Daneen Storc, Director Product Marketing, ABBYY
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackHigh Volume Enterprise Implementation
   Measure twice, and cut once. Before any implementation, it is important
   to have a good plan. In large implementations, this is even more
   important. In this session we will discuss important items to account
   for in your project planning, lessons learned, and often overlooked
   tasks. We will discuss strategies that have used for architectural and
   implementation and several large enterprise installations. Jimar
   Garcia, HatchWorks Solutions & Chip Vonburg, Head of Professional
   Services, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Leading Digital Transformation with
   ABBYY mobile capture ABBYY mobile products and technologies can help to
   differentiate your applications and solutions. This session will
   demonstrate the ABBYY mobile stack and interesting use cases to inspire
   you to take new approaches to extending solutions to the mobile
   channel. Mandy Auluck, Product Marketing Manager, ABBYY
   9:15am – 10:00am
   Sales and Marketing TrackFlexiCapture for Invoices Product Update and
   Roadmap Now in its 3rd year on the market, FlexiCapture for Invoices is
   one of the fastest growing solutions in the ABBYY portfolio. Find out
   what new invoice-related enhancements are available as part of R2, and
   what’s in store in R3 and beyond. Andrew Zyuzin, Director of Product
   Management, ABBYY & Todd Pratt, Customer Enablement, ABBYY
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackFlexiCapture Cloud Reduce management
   overhead, save on hosting fees and utilize a ready to run, always-on
   platform. With FlexiCapture Cloud you have an opportunity to offer a
   truly enterprise class, scalable solution but it’s a great alternative
   to FlexiCapture standalone for those smaller projects too! Steve
   Ponting, Director of Customer Enablement, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Hands On - Pivot to Mobile: How ABBYY
   Supports your Mobile Strategy This session looks at different aspects
   of mobile capture capabilities of the ABBYY mobile SDKs, and will
   address the technical challenges delivering the best user experience
   and technologies to ensure success of your mobile application. The
   session will be organized as a workshop, during which we'll create the
   simple Android mobile app to recognize some data from various document
   types and using different capabilities for real-time data extraction
   versus auto capture or photo modes. Olga Titova, Product Owner, ABBYY
   10:00am – 10:30am
   Break (Foyer)
   10:30am – 11:15am
   Sales and Marketing TrackBuilding and Sustaining Growth through a Niche
   Market Strategy Since its inception in 1994, family owned and operated
   One Source Document Solutions has built a thriving business model based
   on serving niche markets. Learn how this successful ABBYY reseller
   resists the temptation to be the ‘jack of all trades’ and instead
   attains competitive advantage through market expertise, market share
   leadership and by leveraging ABBYY with strategic ECM partners. Kevin
   Smith, President One Source Document Solutions
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackConnectors and Integrations - Understanding
   Pega, UiPath, Blue Prism, M-Files, Laserfiche, and Appian In this
   session we discuss several connectors ABBYY supports for popular
   enterprise solutions such as Pega, UiPath, Blue Prism, M-Files,
   Laserfiche, and Appian. We’ll examine what is custom vs. “Out of the
   Box” and demonstrate RPA, ECM exports and configurations. Finally,
   we’ll review what releases are supported and how you can obtain these
   connectors for your customers. Paula Sanders, VP of Global Customer
   Enablement, ABBYY & Scott Chau, Customer Enablement, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Deep Dive - Performance and
   Scalability of FRE In this session, we will show how FineReader Engine
   SDK 12 can make use of Multi-CPU Recognition Architecture. We will
   cover ways to increase Recognition Speed making use of multi-core
   processing and processing in the cloud. Parallel Processing will be
   covered using single or multiple instances of the engine. A demo will
   be shown using sample code that displays page level and document level
   parallel processing. Best practices of increasing processing will be
   highlighted including: using predefined profiles, settings and
   parameters to deactivate or activate, and ways to improve export speed.
   Tony Connell, Customer Enablement, ABBYY
   11:15am – 12:00pm
   Sales and Marketing TrackMoving to the Cloud - FlexiCapture Cloud
   Update Let’s start tomorrow. When have you ever been with a client and
   felt confident that you could start production of a capture solution
   tomorrow? Well now this dream is a reality with the delivery of
   FlexiCapture Cloud. This interactive session will walk participants
   through the procurement, entitlement and delivery of a FlexiCapture
   based solution using the ABBYY cloud. We will focus on how projects are
   loaded, supported and maintained while also focusing on a demonstration
   of the various clients. More importantly the session will demonstrate
   how FlexiCapture Cloud can be consumed as an iframe within other
   standard cloud applications and services enabling FlexiCapture to
   become a core component of other enterprise cloud applications. Bruce
   Orcutt, VP, Head of Product Marketing, ABBYY
   FlexiCapture Technical TrackFineReader Server Update In this session we
   will show the key enhancements from Recognition Server 4 to FineReader
   Server 14. Discussion will be around the new PDF conversion setting and
   creation option, new language support, 64bit support, new supported
   barcode type, etc. There will be demonstration of simple workflow
   setup. Demonstration will cover new features like automated document
   indexing using template, and manual document assembly by an operator.
   Glenn Rosenthal, Solutions Architect, ABBYY
   SDK Track (Technical and Business)Aligning the ABBYY Roadmap with Your
   Application This session will cover the proposed ideas and capabilities
   that are being considered for future development and release. This is
   an interactive session where feedback and support from the attendees is
   welcome. Rainer Pausch, Senior Director of Product Marketing, ABBYY
   12:00pm
   Conference Ends

   Search for: ____________________ Search

Recent Posts

     * Hello world!

Recent Comments

     * A WordPress Commenter on Hello world!

Archives

     * July 2018

Categories

     * Uncategorized

Meta

     * Log in
     * Entries RSS
     * Comments RSS
     * WordPress.org

   © 2018 ABBYY USA Software House, Inc. All rights reserved.
   Contact Us|Legal|Privacy
