   #AcuityAds Inc. » Feed AcuityAds Inc. » Comments Feed alternate
   alternate

acuity logo

   LOGIN PARTNER PLATFORM DOCUMENTATION

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
   ____________________
   ____________________
     * Solutions
          + Decision Science
          + Attention Advertising
          + Live Audiences
     * Insights
          + TRUE REACH® INSIGHTS
          + White Papers
          + Videos
          + Case Studies
     * News
          + Press
          + Events
          + Blog
     * Company
          + About Us
          + Careers
          + Investors
     * Contact Us

Privacy Policy

EFFECTIVE DATE: July 11, 2018

   This privacy policy outlines what information we collect, how we secure
   it, and how we use it in relation to the service AcuityAds provides to
   its customers.

WHO WE ARE

   AcuityAds (“AcuityAds” “we” “our”) is a leading advertising company
   that provides a technology platform (the “Platform”) that provides
   marketers a more powerful and holistic solution for digital advertising
   across all ad formats and devices to amplify reach and Share of
   Attention® throughout the customer journey. AcuityAds has developed a
   proprietary technology platform that enables marketers and agencies to
   effectively target consumers with digital advertising. Most of the
   internet is offered to users free of charge. Web publishers are able to
   offer valuable content for free because they are supported by
   advertising. AcuityAds aims to create a better digital experience for
   web users by allowing advertisers to present relevant advertising
   content, rather than advertising that is unrelated to users’ interests.
   Advertisers also benefit because targeted advertising is more effective
   and better received.

   We offer this privacy policy (the “Policy”) because we take your
   privacy seriously. This Policy outlines our privacy practices with
   respect to the Acuity Platform as well as our corporate website
   at https://www.acuityads.com/ (the “Website”) as well as the types of
   information we collect from our advertising clients (our “Clients”).

   We are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere
   to its Codes of Conduct, as well as the Digital Advertising Alliance
   (DAA) and the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada’s (DAAC)
   Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. We
   continuously improve our privacy safeguards in order to help protect
   information about your browsing activities.

OVERVIEW OF THE TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED BY ACUITYADS

   Personal Data

   AcuityAds collects personal data in the course of our business. The
   definitions of personal data vary depending on the laws where you are
   located. For example, in the European Union (EU) and Canada, personal
   data is defined more broadly than in other places, and would include
   both PII and Pseudonymous Identifiers (defined below). AcuityAds will
   explain the different types of personal data below, and will try to be
   clear when we’re describing our use of each throughout this Policy.

   Personally Identifiable Information

   AcuityAds collects personally identifiable information (“PII”) when you
   choose to provide it to us. PII is any information that specifically
   identifies or locates a particular person or entity. We receive and
   store any PII you provide to us. The types of PII collected may include
   your name, postal address, telephone number, and email address. For
   example, you may choose to send PII about yourself in an email, by
   completing an online form on our Website, or by signing up for our
   service or e-newsletter. You may also provide us with PII as a Client
   in order to setup an account with us, to login to access reports or to
   facilitate billing. AcuityAds uses this information for our reasonable
   business purposes, including to contact you to respond to your inquiry,
   to provide the service requested or to maintain your account with us.

   Pseudonymous Identifiers

   AcuityAds also collects pseudonymous identifiers. Pseudonymous
   Identifiers help our Platform recognize a particular browser or device,
   but it doesn’t enable us to know your identity as a natural person.
   This information helps us collect and make use of other personal data
   to better understand your interests and preferences. The pseudonymous
   identifiers include Google Advertising ID, Apple Identifier for
   Advertisers, and IP address.

PRIVACY PRACTICES FOR OUR WEBSITE

   AcuityAds collects PII from our Website when you choose to provide it
   to us. For example, you may choose to send PII about yourself in an
   email, or by completing a form on the Website. AcuityAds uses this
   information only to contact you to respond to your inquiry. Once
   collected, AcuityAds will store your PII for a reasonable time for
   record keeping purposes.

   AcuityAds also collects Pseudonymous Identifiers from visitors to this
   Website such as a cookie ID and IP address. We also collect information
   about the pages viewed on the Website, your browser type, Internet
   Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to this
   Website, the referring URL and your computer’s operating system.

   AcuityAds and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to
   analyze trends, administer the Website, and track users’ movements
   around the website. Users can control the use of cookies at the
   individual browser level. For more information about cookies, please
   visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/.

PRIVACY PRACTICES FOR OUR TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM

   The Acuity Platform processes data collected across non-affiliated
   websites and mobile applications pursuant to serving advertisements on
   behalf of our Clients who are generally businesses seeking to market a
   product or service. We obtain information using one or more of the
   following tracking techniques or technologies, which are all widely
   used across the Internet:

   Cookies

   A cookie is a small data file stored on your device. In the contact of
   our Platform the AcuityAds cookie often contains a Pseudonymous
   Identifier that is assigned to your browser the first time it is seen
   by our Platform. On subsequent interactions with our Platform, we use
   this Pseudonymous Identifier to, among other things, recognize what
   advertisements your browser has interacted with previously. Our cookies
   are not used to identify you personally, cannot be used to install
   malware, viruses or any other harmful software and they cannot access
   any confidential data on your computer. For more information about
   cookies in general, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.

   Pixels

   Pixels (also known as web beacons) are tiny images embedded in a web
   page that allow our Platform to infer that you’ve seen that web page.
   They also allow us to create, update and read our own cookies.

   Advertising IDs

   An Advertising ID (device identification) is another Pseudonymous
   Identifier associated with a smartphone or similar handheld device.
   Advertising IDs are accessible by mobile application publishers and can
   be passed to AcuityAds with an ad request. These Advertising IDs do not
   enable AcuityAds to identify individuals, but rather can be used for
   certain advertising purposes. They can be used to limit the number of
   times a specific advertisement is presented to the same device, track a
   device to show that the device interacted with an ad (i.e. “clicked” on
   it, watched a video ad, or downloaded an application as a result of an
   advertisement).

THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT VIA THE PLATFORM

   Using the technologies described above, we collect and use Pseudonymous
   Identifiers. Pseudonymous Identifiers are considered personal data in
   some places like the EU and Canada but they do not allow us to identify
   you personally. Their primary use for AcuityAds to help us serve users
   more relevant ads, count the number of ads served and to understand how
   you and other Internet users interact with ads. This information is
   collected when you visit the website or mobile application where one of
   our ads are served. In additional to the Pseudonymous Identifiers, the
   Platform collects information about your browser type, information
   about your operating system, device, and the unique identifier assigned
   to your device. In addition, we collect information about your web
   browsing and app usage, such as the date and time you visited one of
   our partner’s websites or apps, pages of such websites or apps that you
   visit, the names or types of mobile app that you visit, and other data
   such as page visits, ads shown, ads clicked and conversions. The
   collection and use of data over multiple non-affiliated websites and
   mobile apps for the purpose of creating interest segments to tailor
   advertising and content is sometimes referred to as “Interest Based
   Advertising” or “IBA.” We engage in IBA via the Platform.  Where we are
   able to infer within a reasonable probability that a particular
   computer or device belongs to the same user or household as another
   computer or device, we may link those computers and/or devices with
   each other. Where we are able to make such inferences, we may use this
   information to deliver targeted ads across multiple computers or
   devices. This is sometimes referred to as cross-device advertising, and
   we generally don’t conduct cross-device advertising on computers or
   devices located in the EU. We also use other targeting techniques such
   as leveraging data received by Clients once it is rendered pseudonymous
   via a privacy-safe third-party service provider.

   We do not use the Platform to collect PII such as your name, postal
   address, phone number, or email address. And we don’t collect sensitive
   information such as social security number or credit card number via
   the Platform. The data we collect is primarily used to understand your
   online activity and consequentially provide you with relevant
   advertisements based on the websites you’ve visited, mobile
   applications you’ve used and similar data provided by our Clients and
   third-party data partners.

   The information we collect is used to deliver personalized
   advertisements and to measure the effectiveness of the ads.

   AcuityAds may also collect data that can be used by our Clients and
   partners and receive certain data from Clients and partners. This data
   may include whether or not you have visited our Client’s website and/or
   mobile app, or if you have used a website and/or app that our Client
   advertises on. The data collected is used to build a consumer profile.
   We use the data in our algorithm to better understand your interactions
   online and to pair the right advertisements with the right consumers.
   With this information we can deliver you more personalized
   advertisements.

POTENTIALLY SENSITIVE INFORMATION PERTAINING TO CHILDREN & HEALTH CONDITIONS

   AcuityAds does not intentionally or knowingly collect information from
   children under 16 years of age, and does not tailor any segments to
   children under 16 years of age.

   We do not collect any information regarding specific health conditions
   that we consider sensitive. For a full list of AcuityAds’ proprietary
   health-related segments, click here. AcuityAds may also utilize
   health-related targeting data segments provided by third party data
   companies, but don’t consider any of those segments to be sensitive. We
   don’t currently use such third party data when serving ads to EU data
   subjects.

DATA RETENTION

   AcuityAds retains the web log data for a maximum of 3 months, although
   we generally don’t retain this data for EU data subjects for more than
   a few days. After 3 months, we aggregate the log data so that it does
   not identify any individual device and retain the aggregate data for up
   to three years. Our cookies are set to expire before one year; this
   expiration date updates every time you encounter our server.

SECURITY

   AcuityAds takes reasonable measures to help protect the information we
   collect from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure,
   alteration and destruction. This includes but is not limited to the use
   of firewalls and encryption. No method of transmission over the
   Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure; therefore,
   while the company strives to use commercially acceptable means to
   protect your information, it cannot guarantee absolute security.

CHOICE MECHANISM: OBJECTING TO PROCESSING, OPTING OUT

   Many Internet users enjoy receiving relevant advertisements. Our
   algorithm reads your online data and aims to deliver you the most
   relevant advertising content available. This results in you only seeing
   ads that match your inferred interests. Without targeted advertising,
   marketers do not know your consumer preferences and will likely deliver
   you ads that you are uninterested in.

   It is also important to consider that the websites you use receive
   substantial payments from marketers to present interest based ads.
   These increased revenues can improve website content and pass on a
   reciprocal benefit to you, as the user. Without these revenue websites
   are more likely to deliver lesser value content. AcuityAds has
   evaluated the benefits of the targeted ads served by our platform
   against the potential risks to data protection rights and concluded
   that it is in our legitimate interest to process data via the Platform.

   BROWSER BASED CHOICE MECHANISMS

   If you prefer not to receive targeted advertising from AcuityAds, you
   can object to our processing of browser data by the Platform by
   clicking here, by visiting the NAI website here, by going to the DAA
   website here or the DAAC website here. If you opt out from that
   processing, AcuityAds will set a cookie on your browser that tells
   AcuityAds not to tailor ads to your interests – including IBA ads and
   cross-device ads. Opting out does not mean you will not be served an ad
   by AcuityAds, but the ads we serve will be less relevant to your
   interests. Please note that the opt-out cookie only applies to the
   computer and browser where it is set. Also, if you delete the opt-out
   cookie (such as by clearing all cookies on your browser), you will need
   to renew your opt-out choice. EU data subjects receive additional
   rights as described below.

   To better understand the process of behavioral advertising, please
   visit:
   Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) – www.networkadvertising.org
   Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) – www.aboutads.info
   Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (“DAAC”) – www.youradchoices.ca

Privacy Policy Image

MOBILE CHOICE MECHANISM

   Opting out on a mobile device:
   If you are using a mobile device and would like to opt out of
   interest-based advertising then please follow this link for
   instructions on how to opt out across multiple mobile operating systems
   such as iOS and Android. Please note that the opt out process is
   different for each mobile operating system.

   If you reject processing via one of these methods, one of the mobile
   operating systems will set a cookie on your browser that tells
   AcuityAds not to tailor ads to your interests – including IBA ads and
   cross-device ads. Opting out does not mean you will not be served an ad
   by AcuityAds, but the ads we serve will be less relevant to your
   interests. EU data subjects receive additional rights as described
   below.

DISCLOSURE, ONWARD TRANSFER

   AcuityAds may share data that has been aggregated across many users. We
   may also share pseudonymous data collected by the Platform with
   advertising clients, but we will only share data related to the
   advertiser’s own campaigns. We contract with a select group of
   third-party processers and service providers such as networking and
   storage providers to allow them to carry out their services for us.
   Those processors and service providers are contractually obligated to
   process data only as instructed by AcuityAds.

   Please take note of the following exceptional situations: AcuityAds may
   be required to disclose information to third parties when obligated to
   do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action
   regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including
   transfer reasonably intended to meet national security or law
   enforcement requirements, or when we believe in good faith that
   disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, including but not
   limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the
   physical safety of any person. In the event that AcuityAds sells,
   merges or transfers all or part of its business, we may transfer
   visitor information to a third party as part of that transaction.

DO NOT TRACK

   A number of industry groups are attempting to develop a Do Not Track
   (DNT) standard. Currently, the standards regarding the DNT signals and
   appropriate responses are not defined. Accordingly, we do not assign a
   meaning to DNT signals.

ACCESSING, CHANGING, REMOVING INFORMATION

   If you believe we have PII about you (e.g., because you’re a current or
   former Client, or you provided PII to receive AcuityAds’ e-newsletters)
   and you would like to change, suppress or otherwise limit our use of
   that PII, you may contact us by sending an email containing your
   request to privacy@acuityads.com. For your protection, we will only
   implement such requests with respect to the PII associated with the
   particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we
   may need to verify your identity and/or obtain more information from
   you before implementing your request. If you’re located in the EU,
   scroll down to see any additional rights you may have.

EUROPEAN UNION DATA SUBJECTS

   The General Data Privacy Regulation (“GDPR”) affords additional rights
   to EU data subjects. Those rights include the right to complain to EU
   Supervisory Authorities and the right to access, correct and delete
   certain personal data processed by AcuityAds.

   As described above, with respect to EU data subjects, personal data
   includes Pseudonymous Identifiers such as an IP address, a mobile
   advertising ID or a cookie ID. Where AcuityAds is a controller of data
   (e.g., via our Platform), the legal basis will be both legitimate
   interest and consent in accordance with Article 6 of the GDPR
   anddepending on the type of information subject to processing and the
   information we receive from upstream partners. Where we rely upon
   legitimate interest, we have assessed the processing is not high risk
   and will not violate fundamental human rights. For example, we believe
   that the processing undertaken by our Platform for delivering ads is
   not high risk and may be without our legitimate interests. We process
   personal data of clients and partners for the performance of our
   contracts with them in accordance with Article 6 of the GDPR.

   Where AcuityAds receives from an EU data subject a request to cease
   processing of data via one of the choice mechanisms listed above,
   AcuityAds will stop all data processing with respect to the opted out
   browser or device unless such processing is required by law.

   If you believe AcuityAds is processing one of your Pseudonymous
   Identifiers and wish to exercise your right to access, delete, port or
   remove such information, please click here to visit our EU data subject
   access request page.

   For all requests concerning the security of your data, please contact
   our data protection officer at privacy@acuityads.com

   If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data
   protection officer by postal mail, as communication by e-mail can
   always be flawed by security vulnerabilities.

REVISIONS

   AcuityAds reserves the right to revise its policies and practices
   periodically. If you would like to keep up to date, please visit this
   page to find out about any changes. We will post any updates as well as
   their effective dates on this webpage.

CONTACTING US

   If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us:

   Tal Hayek, CEO

   ACUITYADS INC.
   www.acuityads.com
   181 Bay Street, Suite 320
   Brookfield Place, Bay Wellington Tower
   Toronto, ON, M5J 2T3, Canada
   (416) 218-9888
   privacy@acuityads.com



   CONTACT US LOGIN



   ____________________

STAY IN TOUCH

   © 2019 ACUITYADS | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | PRIVACY POLICY | OPT-OUT |
   TERMS & CONDITIONS

   We use cookies on our website for various purposes. By continuing on
   our website, you consent to our use of cookies. You can learn about our
   practices by reading our privacy policy.
   #AcuityAds Inc. » Feed AcuityAds Inc. » Comments Feed alternate
   alternate

   IFRAME: https://acuityplatform.com/Adserver/pxli/8955511135669485568

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5FJW2Q4

acuity logo

   LOGIN PARTNER PLATFORM DOCUMENTATION

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
   ____________________
   ____________________
     * Solutions
          + Decision Science
          + Attention Advertising
          + Live Audiences
     * Insights
          + TRUE REACH® INSIGHTS
          + White Papers
          + Videos
          + Case Studies
     * News
          + Press
          + Events
          + Blog
     * Company
          + About Us
          + Careers
          + Investors
     * Contact Us

We are a Decision Science company that empowers businesses to make smarter
decisions.

GUIDE FOR CANNABIS ADVERTISING

   Navigating cannabis advertising restrictions can be a headache. Relax,
   we’ve got you covered.
   DOWNLOAD NOW

WE SERVE YOUR BRAND

   AcuityAds’ decision science technology empowers businesses to make
   smarter decisions. Our product suite is anchored by a proprietary
   Consumer Valuing Tool, which works to assist marketers in correctly
   valuing the cost of digital media and to achieve goals with greater
   efficiency. It does this using insights that offer fingerprint level
   understanding of users in order to identify, assess and incorporate
   learnings into each buying decision.

   LEARN MORE

WE DELIVER ATTENTION

   The True Reach™ Insights Platform is the only trusted digital video
   measurement technology in existence today. It provides a holistic view
   of organic and paid media across major digital platforms. We can tell
   you how much attention you’re getting online and what to do to get
   more.

   LEARN MORE

WE MAKE AUDIENCE CONNECTIONS

   Digital advertising is all about reaching the right people. “Mass
   blast” approaches that group users based exclusively on demographic or
   modeled data result in redundant, often irrelevant messages being
   delivered. Marketers need a far more advanced and prescriptive approach
   to connecting with audiences online, enter: The Acuity Live Audience.

   LEARN MORE

WHO WE WORK WITH

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

NEWS

EVENTS

NEWS

     * AcuityAds Announces Extension and Increase to its Revolving Line of
       Credit with Silicon Valley Bank
       September 24, 2019
     * AcuityAds to Present at the Fall Investor Summit in New York City
       September 12, 2019
     * Seraj Bharwani: “The problem is that the content grows and not the
       attention”
       September 03, 2019

EVENTS

     * ADVERTISING WEEK NEW YORK 2019
       SEPTEMBER 23 – 26 2019, NEW YORK, NY
       Join us in New York Wednesday, September 25 at 11 AM for our
       Advertising Week panel discussion, “ Digital Transformation of
       Consumer Marketing.” We’ll be joined by thought leaders from
       Genomind, American Lung Association, Resident and Tarte Cosmetics.
       More details online here.
     * Connect CMO Leadership Summit Fall
       Come Meet Us at Connect CMO Leadership Summit Fall September 22-24,
       2019 SEPTEMBER 22-24, 2019, SCHAUMBURG, IL
       We are looking forward to the Connect CMO Leadership Summit this
       fall in Chicago.  Hope to see you there to tackle some of the key
       themes and issues in the industry today.

RANKED & RECOGNIZED

AcuityAds named as one of the fastest growing technology companies in North
America.




   CONTACT US LOGIN



   ____________________

STAY IN TOUCH

RTB - REAL TIME BIDDING PLATFORM

   © 2019 ACUITYADS | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | PRIVACY POLICY | OPT-OUT |
   TERMS & CONDITIONS

   We use cookies on our website for various purposes. By continuing on
   our website, you consent to our use of cookies. You can learn about our
   practices by reading our privacy policy.
