     * description description
     * description description
     * description description
     * description description
     * description description
     * description description

   HOME PUBLICATIONS PATENTS SERVICE POSITIONS BIO   CONTACT
     * description description

DISTANCE-GENERALIZED CORE DECOMPOSITION

   The k-core of a graph is defined as the maximal subgraph in which every
   vertex is connected to at least k other vertices within that subgraph.
   In this new SIGMOD 2019 paper we introduce a distance-based
   generalization of the notion of k-core, which we refer to as the
   (k,h)-core, i.e., the maximal subgraph in which every vertex has at
   least k other vertices at distance =h within that subgraph. We study
   the properties of the (k,h)-core showing that it preserves many of the
   nice features of the classic core decomposition (e.g., its connection
   with the notion of distance-generalized chromatic number) and it
   preserves its usefulness to speed-up or approximate
   distance-generalized notions of dense structures, such as h-club or
   (distance-generalized) densest subgraph.
   [dgcd4.jpg]

   On the left-hand side, the (k,1)-core-decomposition of an example graph
   (i.e., the classic core de-composition). On the right-hand side, the
   (k,2)-core-decomposition of the same graph (i.e., distance-generalize
   core decomposition for a distance threshold h=2).

   Computing the distance-generalized core decomposition over large
   networks is intrinsically complex. However, by exploiting clever upper
   and lower bounds we can partition the computation in a set of totally
   independent subcomputations, opening the door to top-down exploration
   and to multithreading, and thus achieving an efficient algorithm. Our
   experimental assessment confirms the efficiency of our algorithm and
   the usefulness of distance-based core decomposition in several
   applications.

   This is a joint work with Arijit Khan and Lorenzo Severini.

SIMPSON'S PARADOX AND SOCIAL INFLUENCE

   In 1976, Martin Gardner wrote a Scientific American column with an
   intriguing title: On the fabric of inductive logic, and some
   probability paradoxes, discussing E.H. Simpsons reversal paradox, where
   for example, it is possible that data will confirm each of two
   hypotheses but disconfirm the two taken together. For instance, for
   patients with small kidney stones the data confirms that treatment A is
   better than B; likewise, for patients with large kidney stones the data
   confirms the same hypothesis. But paradoxically, when one combines the
   data, it disconfirms the hypothesis, showing the treatment B to be
   superior of the two!

   So a reliable causality analysis requires the data to be properly
   stratified. This is one of several challenges that we deal with in this
   new CIKM 2018 paper, in which we adopt a principled causal approach,
   rooted in probabilistic causal theory, to the analysis of social
   influence from information-propagation data. Our goal is to separate,
   in a database of information propagation traces, the genuine causal
   processes from temporal correlation, homophily and other spurious
   causes.
   [e740af5a-981e-4694-afd4-9d7d04e223e4-original.png]

   Our approach develops around two phases. In the first step, in order to
   avoid the pitfalls of misinterpreting causation when the data spans a
   mixture of several subtypes (i.e., the Simpsons paradox), we partition
   the set of propagation traces in groups, in such a way that each group
   is as less contradictory as possible in terms of the hierarchical
   structure of information propagation. For this goal we borrow from the
   literature the notion of agony and define the Agony-bounded
   Partitioning problem, which we prove being hard, and for which we
   develop two efficient algorithms with approximation guarantees. In the
   second step, for each group from the first phase, we apply a
   constrained MLE approach to ultimately learn a minimal causal topology.

   This is a joint work with Francesco Gullo, Bud Mishra, and Daniele
   Ramazzotti.

"RELAXED" COMMUNITY SEARCH

   Finding subgraphs connecting a given set of vertices of interest is a
   fundamental graph mining primitive which has received a great deal of
   attention, and has been studied under different names, e.g., community
   search, seed set expansion, connectivity subgraphs, etc. While
   optimizing for different objective functions, the bulk of this
   literature shares a common aspect: the solution must be a connected
   subgraph of the input graph containing the set of query vertices.
   [brains.jpg]

   Comparison of different methods on a cortical connectivity network.
   Query vertices are colored w.r.t. their known functionalities: memory
   and motor function (blue vertices), emotions (yellow vertices), visual
   processing (red vertices). The green vertices are the ones added to
   produce the solution. The left-most solution is the Minimum
   Inefficiency Subgraph, the central one is the Center-piece Subgraph,
   the right-most is the Minimum Wiener Connector.

   The requirement of connectedness is a strongly restrictive one.
   Consider, for example, a biologist inspecting a set of proteins that
   she suspects could be cooperating in some biomedical setting. It may
   very well be the case that one of the proteins is not related to the
   others: in this case, forcing the sought subgraph to connect them all
   might produce poor quality solutions, while at the same time hiding an
   otherwise good solution. By relaxing the connectedness condition, the
   outlier protein can be kept disconnected, thus returning a much better
   solution to the biologist. In this new CIKM 2017 paper, we study
   "relaxed" community search as the problem of finding the subgraph
   containing the query vertices and minimizing a new measure that we call
   network inefficiency.
   [inefficiency.jpg]

   The inefficiency of a subgraph is the sum over all the pairs of
   vertices of the subgraph of 1 minus the reciprocal of their
   shortest-past distance.

   The Minimum Inefficiency Subgraph problem is NP-hard, and we prove that
   it remains hard even if we constrain the input graph to have a diameter
   of at most 3. We devise an effcient algorithm that is based on first
   building a complete connector for the query vertices and then relaxing
   the connectedness requirement by greedily removing non-query vertices.
   Our experiments show that in 99% of problem settings, our greedy
   relaxing algorithm produces solutions no worse than those produced by
   an exhaustive search, while at the same time being orders of magnitude
   more efficient.
   We show interesting case studies in a variety of application domains
   (such as human brain, cancer, food networks, and social networks),
   confirming the quality of our proposal. If you're curious, check the
   paper.

DATA TRANSPARENCY LAB (DTL) GRANT

   The Data Transparency Lab has awarded our project "FA*IR: A tool for
   fair rankings in search" one of their grants for the year 2017. The
   grant will enable the development of an open source API implementing
   fair ranking methods within a widely-used search engine (Apache SOLR).

   The DTL grant was awarded to Meike Zehlike (Technische Universität
   Berlin), Francesco Bonchi (ISI Foundation and Eurecat), Carlos Castillo
   (Eurecat), Sara Haijan (Eurecat), and Odej Kao (Technische Universität
   Berlin). Together with Ricardo Baeza-Yates (NTENT) and Mohammed Megahed
   (Technische Universität Berlin), we have been doing joint research on
   fair top-k ranking. Some of our results can be found on arXiv pre-print
   1706.06368.

   More details: DTL Grantees 2017 announced.

PHD IN DATA SCIENCE

   University of Bologna is launching the first PhD program in Data
   Science in Italy and I'm honored to be in its Academic Board. If you
   are considering getting a PhD under my supervision apply by May 29th:
   there are 12 fully funded positions (each position lasting for 4
   years). See full details here.

SECURE MULTILAYER CENTRALITY COMPUTATION

   Consider a set of proprietary social networks owned by different,
   mutually non-trusting, parties: how can these parties jointly compute a
   centrality score for each of the nodes using all the networks, but
   without disclosing information about their private graphs?

   In this new WWW'17 paper we devise secure and scalable multiparty
   protocols to compute centrality measures.

ALGORITHMIC BIAS AND FAIR DATA MINING

   Together with Sara Hajian and ChaTo we will be giving a tutorial titled
   Algorithmic bias: from discrimination discovery to fairness-aware data
   mining, at the KDD'16 conference in San Francisco, California.

   More details on the material we will cover are available in the 2-pages
   outline.

CENTRALITY ON BIG GRAPHS

   Together with Gianmarco and Matteo we will be giving a tutorial titled
   Centrality Measures on Big Graphs: Exact, Approximated, and Distributed
   Algorithms, at the WWW'16 conference in Montreal, Canada.

   More details on the material we will cover are available in the 4-pages
   outline.

   UPDATE: The slides are finally ready and available here.

WE'RE HIRING

   The Algorithmic Data Analytics Lab at The ISI Foundation has openings
   for both Postdoctoral Researchers and Senior Researchers to undertake
   fundamental research activities related to the development of methods
   and algorithms for Big Data analysis problems. More information here.

ICDM 2016 - BARCELONA

   I'm glad to announce that I'll be organizer and PC-Chair of The 16th
   IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM 2016), which will be
   held in Barcelona, Spain, December 12-15, 2016. Josep Domingo-Ferrer
   will be the other PC-Chair, while Ricardo Baeza-Yates and Zhi-Hua Zhou
   will be the General Chairs. More information soon. [ICDM_LOGO.jpg]

NEW JOB(s)!

   I'm beyond excited to announce that starting from mid September I'll
   join the ISI Foundation where I'll create and lead the "Algorithmic
   Data Analytics Lab". At the same time I'll maintain a presence in
   Barcelona where I'll keep collaborating with the Data Mining team
   (involving some ex-Yahoos) at the newly founded Technological Center of
   Catalunya, named Eurecat.

   The ISI Foundation is a 30 year old research institute that was founded
   on the principle of challenging Italy to do the best science possible
   in an environment without constraints. The mission of ISI is defined by
   a commitment to world-class interdisciplinary research, to knowledge
   sharing, and to real-world impact on significant challenges of modern
   society. It is the hub of a vibrant network of scientists from all over
   the world pursuing basic research in the physical, mathematical, and
   computer sciences, as well as fundamental and applied challenges in
   computational thinking and data-driven science. This is one-of-a-kind
   environment in the European research landscape. It is a fantastic
   opportunity for me to start a new research team and to conduct
   high-impact interdisciplinary research.
   [the-arc-of-science.jpg]

   The ISI Arc of Science.

   Today the ISI Foundation is an international organization based in
   Torino, Italy and with a new office in New York City: I'm looking
   forward to visit the Big Apple in the coming months and to engage with
   the local research community.

LINK PREDICTION WITH EXPLANATIONS

   User recommender systems are a key component in any online social
   networking platform: they help the users growing their network faster,
   thus driving engagement and loyalty. In this new KDD paper we study
   link prediction with explanations for user recommendation in social
   networks. For this problem we propose WTFW (Who to Follow and Why), a
   stochastic topic model for link prediction over directed and
   nodes-attributed graphs. Our model not only predicts links, but for
   each predicted link it decides whether it is a topical or a social
   link, and depending on this decision it produces a different type of
   explanation.
   [WTFW.png]

   The WTFW model in plate-notation.

   Enriching recommendations with explanations has the benefit to increase
   the trust of the user in the recommendation, and thus the likelihood
   that the recommendation is adopted. While these benefits are well
   understood in classic collaborative-filtering recommender systems,
   providing explanations in the context of user recommendation systems is
   still largely underdeveloped: in fact, in most of the real-world
   systems, the unique explanations given for user recommendations are of
   the type you should follow user Z because your contacts X and Y do the
   same. Instead, our starting observation (and driving motivation) is
   that a link creation is usually explainable by one of two main reasons:
   interest identity (topical) or personal relations (social). This
   observation is rooted in sociology, where it goes under the name common
   identity and common bond theory.

THE PURSUIT OF A GOOD POSSIBLE WORLD

   An uncertain graph, i.e., a graph whose edges are associated with a
   probability of existence, can be seen as a set of 2^|E| possible
   worlds. Each possible world is a deterministic instantiation of the
   uncertain graph. In this new SIGMOD paper we study the problem of
   selecting just one possible world given an uncertain graph. In
   particular, we want to select a "good" possible world: one that
   preserves the underlying graph properties. Starting from the
   observation that the vertex degree is one of the most fundamental
   properties of the structure of a graph, we conjecture that by
   preserving the degree of each vertex we capture the essence of the
   underlying uncertain graph, and thus accurately approximate other
   properties. Therefore we study the problem of selecting a deterministic
   instance of the uncertain graph, which minimizes the sume over all
   vertices of the difference of their expected degree in the uncertain
   graph, and the degree in the deterministic instance.

COMMUNITY DETECTION WITHOUT THE NETWORK

   While the literature on community detection methods is wide, the
   applications are mainly limited to data analysis for social sciences.
   This is due to a fundamental observation: the players which would
   benefit more from knowing the community structure of a social network,
   e.g., companies advertising or developing web applications, often do
   not have access to the whole network! It is a matter of fact that the
   social network platforms are owned by third party such as Facebook or
   Twitter, which have realized that their proprietary social graph is an
   asset of inestimable value. Thus they keep it secret, for sake of
   commercial competitive advantage, as well as due to privacy
   legislation.

   In this new ICDM'13 paper we tackle the challenging problem of learning
   communities when not even the social graph is available. Instead what
   we have is a database of past propagations. We propose a stochastic
   framework which assumes that the cascades are governed by un underlying
   diffusion process over the unobserved social network, and that such
   diffusion model is based on community-level influence. By fitting the
   model parameters to the user activity log, we learn the community
   membership and the level of influence of each user in each community.
   This allows to identify for each community the key users,, i.e., the
   leaders, which are most likely to influence the rest of the community
   to adopt a certain item.

   Unfortunately the paper has been accepted as a short paper, so only 6
   pages. We have much more material to show, especially esperiments on
   real data. We will soon distribute a longer version of our work. Stay
   tuned.

DENSER THAN THE DENSEST SUBGRAPH

   Motivated by the fact that the direct optimization of edge density is
   not meaningful, as even a single edge achieves maximum density,
   research has focused on optimizing alternative density functions. A
   very popular among such functions is the average degree, whose
   maximization leads to the well-known densest-subgraph notion. Despite
   its name, the densest subgraph often results to be a large graph, with
   small edge density and large diameter.

   In this new KDD'13 paper, we define a novel density function, which
   gives subgraphs of much higher quality than densest subgraphs: the
   graphs found by our method are compact, dense, and with smaller
   diameter. The proposed notion of density that we dub optimal
   quasi-clique, is derived by turning the quasi-clique condition into an
   objective function: the goal is to maximize the number of edges that
   are present in the subgraph compared to the number of edges expected
   under the Erdös-Rényi random-graph model.
   [denser.png]

   Difference between densest subgraph and optimal quasi-clique on some
   popular graphs. The four columns report (i) fraction of vertices in the
   subgraph compared to the whole graph, (ii) edge density, (iii)
   diameter, and (iv) triangle density. Results on many other popular
   graphs can be found in the paper.

THE BANG FOR THE BUCK

   In this new KDD'13 paper we study competitive viral marketing from the
   host perspective. Competitive viral marketing refers to the case in
   which two or more players compete with comparable products over the
   same market. By host we mean the social networking platform owner,
   which offers viral marketing as a service to its clients. From the
   hosts perspective, it is important not only to choose the seed nodes to
   target in the campaigns in such a way to maximize the collective
   expected number of adoptions across all companies, but also to allocate
   seeds to companies in a way that guarantees the ''bang for the buck''
   for all companies is nearly the same. Intuitively, the bang for the
   buck for a company is the cost benefit ratio between the expected
   number of adopters of its product over its number of seeds. For more
   details, please read the paper.

STRIP: STREAM LEARNING OF SOCIAL INFLUENCE

   In this new (sexy) KDD'13 paper we introduce STRIP, a suite of
   streaming methods for computing the strength of social influence along
   each link of a social network. STRIP allows to compute social influence
   from the continous stream of actions performed by the users of a social
   networking platform. Thanks to a wise use of probabilistic
   approximations, min-wise independent hashing functions, and streaming
   sliding windows, STRIP can learn influence strength with only one pass
   over the data and using little memory, thus allowing to scale to big
   data.

CASCADE-BASED COMMUNITY DETECTION

   Understanding how the adoption of new practices, ideas, beliefs,
   technologies and products can spread trough a population driven by
   social influuence, is a central issue for the whole of social sciences.
   Taking into account the modular structure of the underlying social
   network provides further important insight in the phenomena known as
   social contagion or information cascades. In particular, individuals
   tend to adopt the behavior of their social peers, so that cascades
   happen first locally, within close-knit communities, and become global
   viral phenomena only when they are able cross the boundaries of these
   densely connected clusters of people. Therefore, the study of social
   contagion is intrinsically connected to the problem of understanding
   the modular structure of networks (known as community detection).
   [CCN.png]

   The CCN model in plate-notation.

   Given a directed social graph and a set of past information cascades
   observed over the graph, in this new WSDM'13 paper (joint work with
   Nicola Barbieri and Giuseppe Manco) we study the novel problem of
   detecting modules of the graph (communities of nodes), that also
   explain the cascades. Our key observation is that both information
   propagation and social ties formation in a social network can be
   explained according to the same latent factor, which ultimately guide a
   user behavior within the network. Based on this observation, we propose
   the Community-Cascade Network (CCN) model, a stochastic mixture
   membership generative model that can fit, at the same time, the social
   graph and the observed set of cascades. Our model produces overlapping
   communities and for each node, its level of authority and passive
   interest in each community it belongs.

CHROMATIC CORRELATION CLUSTERING

   [CCC.png] In this new KDD'12 paper, we (me, Aris, the other Francesco
   and Antti) introduce a novel clustering problem in which the pairwise
   relations between objects are categorical, rather than numerical, as it
   is usually the case in all clustering frameworks.

   Our problem can be naturally viewed as partitioning the vertices of a
   graph whose edges are of different types, or as we like to think about
   them, different colors. The key objective in our framework is to find a
   partition of the vertices of the graph such that the edges in each
   cluster have, as much as possible, the same color (an example is in the
   picture above). The framework has plenty of applications. As an
   example, biologists study protein-protein interaction networks, where
   vertices represent proteins and edges represent interactions occurring
   when two or more proteins bind together to carry out their biological
   function. Those interactions can be of different types, e.g., physical
   association, direct interaction, co-localization, etc. In these
   networks, for instance, a cluster containing mainly edges labeled as
   co- localization, might represent a protein complex, i.e., a group of
   proteins that interact with each other at the same time and place,
   forming a single multi-molecular machine. As a further example, social
   networks are commonly represented as graphs, where the vertices
   represent individuals and the edges capture relationships among these
   individuals. Again, these relationships can be of various types, e.g.,
   colleagues, neighbors, schoolmates, football-mates. Check out our
   techniques in the paper.

QUERY RECOMMENDATIONS IN THE LONG TAIL

   In a new paper (accepted at SIGIR'12, together with R. Perego, F.
   Silvestri, R. Venturini, H. Vahabi) we introduce a new method for query
   recommendation based on the well-known concept of center-piece
   subgraph, that allows for the time/space efficient generation of
   suggestions also for rare, i.e., long-tail queries.

   We shift the focus from the queries to the terms they contain, thus
   devising a novel graph-based method that at once solves the two issues:
   it produces high-quality recommendations also for long-tail queries,
   achieving a coverage of approximately 99% of a real-world search engine
   workload, while enjoying high scalability. [TQgraph.jpg] Our method is
   based on a graph having term nodes, query nodes, and two kinds of
   connections: term-query and query-query. The first connect a term to
   the queries in which it is contained, the second connect two query
   nodes if the likelihood that a user submits the second query after
   having issued the first one is sufficiently high. Such graph induces a
   Markov chain on which a generic random walker starts from the subset of
   term nodes contained in the incoming query, moves along query nodes,
   and restarts (with a given probability) only from the same initial
   subset of term nodes. Computing a recommendation this way corresponds
   to finding the center-piece subgraph induced by terms contained into
   the query.

   The term-centric perspective we take, not only solves the long-tail
   coverage issue, but it also allows the stationary distributions of such
   a Markov chain to be precomputed and stored in a compressed and cached
   index, thus achieving efficiency and scalability. In particular, we
   introduce a method based on an inverted index compressed by using a
   lossy compression method able to reduce by an average of 80% the space
   occupancy of the uncompressed data structures. Furthermore, caching is
   exploited at the term-level to enable scalable generation of query
   suggestions. Being term-based, caching is able to attain hit-ratios of
   approximately 95% with a reasonable footprint (i.e., few gigabytes of
   main memory).

INFLUENCE MAXIMIZATION: a data-based approach

   While most of the literature on Influence Maximization has focused
   mainly on the social graph structure, in our new paper (accepted for
   VLDB'12 [bibtex], together with Amit Goyal and Laks V. S. Lakshmanan)
   we proposed a novel data-based approach, that directly leverages
   available traces of past propagations.
   [pvldb.bmp]

   Our Credit Distribution model estimates influence spread by exploiting
   historical data, thus avoiding the need for learning influence
   probabilities, and more importantly, avoiding costly Monte Carlo
   simulations, the standard way to estimate influence spread. Based on
   this, we developed an efficient, effective, and scalable algorithm for
   the Influence Maximization problem.

   Beyond this main contribution, the paper provides several interesting
   insights in the Influence Maximization problem. Check it out!

MY KEYNOTE TALK AT WI-IAT 2011

   Please find below the slides I will use in my keynote talk this morning
   at WI-IAT 2011 in Lyon. The talk is entitled Influence Propagation in
   Social Networks: a Data Mining Perspective (pdf). If you want the
   powerpoint, please e-mail me .

SPARSIFICATION OF INFLUENCE NETWORKS [June 2011]

   SPINE (SParsification of Influence NEtworks) is a new algorithm for
   discoverying the "backbone" of an influence network. Given a social
   graph and a log of past propagations, we build an instance of the
   independent-cascade model that describes the propagations. We aim at
   reducing the complexity of that model, while preserving most of its
   accuracy in describing the data. The paper will be presented next
   August at the KDD 2011 conference.

#viscous_democracy #castelleres @CACM [June 2011]

   Our paper Viscous democracy for social networks, (together with Paolo
   Boldi, Carlos Castillo and Sebastiano Vigna) has been published in the
   virtual extension of the June 2011 issue of Communications of ACM.
   [viscous_democracy.jpg] In this article, we propose a middle-ground
   between direct democracy (citizens vote on every issue) and
   representative democracy (citizens elect representatives that decide on
   their behalf on every issue). Our proposal, a type of delegative
   democracy, allows them to express their opinion directly or to delegate
   their power on a proxy. Proxy delegation can be transitive: a proxy can
   delegate in another proxy. However, as our vote travels farther away
   through a delegation chain, we would like to introduce some reluctance
   in the way the power is transferred to other people we may not know
   directly. In that sense, we include a dampening factor (like PageRank
   does) to reduce the amount of power delegated through long chains.
   Technically, our system of viscous democracy is a system of transitive
   proxy voting with exponential damping.

LINK PREDICTION: A RULE-BASED APPROACH [Apr 2011]

   [GERM.png] Recently I've seen a nice survey on Link Prediction covering
   a lot of different approaches, but overlooking our frequent pattern
   based approach introduced in:

   Bringmann et al. Learning and Predicting the Evolution of Social
   Networks IEEE Intelligent Systems ©IEEE 25(4):26-35 - Jul/Aug 2010.

   Briefly, in this paper we extend our previous work on Mining Graph
   Evolution Rules, showing how to use those rules for Link Prediction.
   Our method is quite different from standard Link Prediction, and
   leverages the history of the network evolution till now to predict
   future evolution.

   Our frequent pattern based approach not only predicts arrival of new
   edges among pairs of existing nodes, but also allows to predict edges
   among one existing node and a new node that is not yet part of the
   graph.

NEW BOOK ON PRIVACY AND MINING [Jan 2011]

   [privacybook.jpg] Finally published the book that I co-edited with
   Elena Ferrari in the Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery Series by
   Chapman & Hall/CRC. The book contains 18 chapters presenting the
   state-of-the-art of privacy-preserving data mining techniques for
   application domains, such as biology, medicine, mobility, web and
   social networks. The chapters are authored by renowned authorities of
   the privacy preserving data mining field, and not only cover
   well-established results -- they also explore complex domains where
   privacy issues are generally clear and well defined, but the solutions
   are still preliminary and in continuous development. Therefore the book
   is also a valuable collection of open research problems and roadmaps
   for further research that can not miss in your library ;-)

   Check out Elena's interview with the IEEE Computer Society.

TAXOMO SOFTWARE RELEASED [Jan 2011]

   I am glad to announce that today we released the TAXOMO sequence mining
   software under a BSD license. TAXOMO is a data-mining tool for
   sequences. It takes as input a set of sequences and a taxonomy, and
   generates a succinct description of the sequences (specifically, a
   Markov chain with lumped states). The input sequences may represent any
   kind of data, e.g.: trajectories on a map, web pages visited by a user,
   etc. The taxonomy should be defined over the states in the sequences.
   In the case of a map, for instance, they can be regions and sub-regions
   for the points in the map. In the case of a web site, they can be
   categories and sub-categories for the pages. Taxomo was developed at
   Yahoo! Research Barcelona, and it is described in:

   Bonchi et al. Taxonomy-driven lumping for sequence mining Data Mining
   and Knowledge Discovery Journal ©Springer 19(2):227-244 - Oct 2009.

   For more information and download, see: http://taxomo.sourceforge.net/
   TAXOMO example

   Example of application of TAXOMO to a dataset of trajectories. (a) Road
   network used to generate the trajectories dataset. (b) Markov model of
   the whole dataset at the leaves level (i.e., the original grid with
   1,024 states). (c) Markov model of the whole dataset with 175 states,
   found by Taxomo. Arc thickness represents the probability of the
   transition..

ICDM 2010 PANEL [Dec 2010]

   I was a panelist at ICDM'10. The panel was entitled "Top-10 Data Mining
   Case Studies". The other panelists were: Ashok Srivasta, Bart Goethals,
   Rayid Ghani, Christos Faloutsos, Longbing Cao, Osmar Zaiane, Rong Duan,
   Paul Beinat, and Geoff McLachlan. The panel chairs were Gabor Melli and
   Xindong Wu.

YAHOO! CLUES LAUNCHED [Nov 2010]

   Yahoo! launched Clues, a service based on science from Yahoo! Research
   Barcelona. Yahoo! Clues lets you explore how people are using Yahoo!
   Search. When you enter a word or phrase in the "Search Term" field and
   click Discover, youll see information about that search terms
   popularity over time, across demographic groups, and in different
   locations.
   You can also enter a second search term in the "Compare With" field.
   This will show you information on both search terms, side by side.
   [bruce1.png]

   Among other things, it allow users to browse a real query-flow graph:
   [bruce2.png]

   clues.yahoo.com

ME ON TWITTER

   Tweets by @FrancescoBonchi

Follow me:

   [twitter-logo.png]     [linkedin.jpg]

RECENT PUBLICATIONS

   COMPLETE LISTDBLPARNETCITATIONS
     * F. Bonchi, E. Galimberti, A. Gionis, B. Ordozgoiti, G. Ruffo
       Discovering polarized communities in signed networks (CIKM 2019)
     * P. Rozenshtein, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, M. Sozio, N. Tatti Finding
       events in temporal networks: Segmentation meets densest-subgraph
       discovery (KAIS 2019)
     * I. Tsalouchidou, R. Baeza-Yates, F. Bonchi, K. Liao, T. Sellis
       Temporal betweenness centrality in dynamic graphs (JDSA 2019)
     * F. Bonchi, A. Khan, L. Severini Distance-generalized Core
       Decomposition (SIGMOD 2019)
     * H. V. Jagadish, F. Bonchi, T. Eliassi-Rad, L. Getoor, K. Gummadi,
       J. Stoyanovich The Responsibility Challenge for Data (SIGMOD 2019)
     * P. Parchas, N. Papailiou, D. Papadias, F. Bonchi Uncertain Graph
       Sparsification (Extended Abstract) (ICDE 2019)
     * B. Edizel, F. Bonchi, S. Hajian, A. Panisson, T. Tassa FaiRecSys:
       Mitigating Algorithmic Bias in Recommender Systems (JDSA 2019)
     * F. Bonchi Distance-Based Community Search (Invited Talk Extended
       Abstract) (SOFSEM 2019)
     * I. Tsalouchidou, F. Bonchi, G. De Francisci Morales, R. Baeza-Yates
       Scalable Dynamic Graph Summarization (TKDE 2018)
     * P. Rozenshtein, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, M. Sozio, N. Tatti, Finding
       events in temporal networks: Segmentation meets densest-subgraph
       discovery (ICDM 2018)
     * E. Galimberti, A. Barrat, F. Bonchi, C. Cattuto, F. Gullo Mining
       (maximal) span-cores from temporal networks (CIKM 2018)
     * F. Bonchi, F. Gullo. B. Mishra, D. Ramazzotti Probabilistic Causal
       Analysis of Social Influence (CIKM 2018)
     * A. Khan, F. Bonchi, F. Gullo, A. Nufer Conditional Reliability in
       Uncertain Graphs (TKDE 2018)
     * P. Parchas, N. Papailiou, D. Papadias, F. Bonchi Uncertain Graph
       Sparsification (TKDE 2018)
     * F. Bonchi, I. Bordino, F. Gullo, G. Stilo The Importance of
       Unexpectedness: Discovering Buzzing Stories in Anomalous Temporal
       Graphs (WIJ 2019)
     * E. Galimberti, F. Bonchi, F. Gullo Core Decomposition and Densest
       Subgraph in Multilayer Networks (CIKM 2017)
     * N. Ruchansky, F. Bonchi, D. Garcia-Soriano, F. Gullo, N. Kourtellis
       To Be Connected, or Not to Be Connected: That is the Minimum
       Inefficiency Subgraph Problem (CIKM 2017)
     * M. Zehlike, F. Bonchi, C. Castillo, S. Hajian, M. Megahed, R.
       Baeza-Yates FA*IR: A Fair Top-k Ranking Algorithm (CIKM 2017)
     * C. Aslay, F. Bonchi, L. V. S. Lakshmanan, W. Lu Revenue
       Maximization in Incentivized Social Advertising (VLDB 2017)
     * A. Khan, S.S. Bhowmick, F. Bonchi Summarizing Static and Dynamic
       Big Graphs (tutorial at VLDB 2017)
     * G. Asharov, F. Bonchi, D. Garcia Soriano, T. Tassa Secure
       Centrality Computation Over Multiple Networks (WWW 2017)
     * F. Bonchi, S. Hajian, B. Mishra, D. Ramazzotti Exposing the
       Probabilistic Causal Structure of Discrimination (JDSA)
     * I. Tsalouchidou, G. De Francisci Morales, F. Bonchi, R. Baeza-Yates
       Scalable Dynamic Graph Summarization (IEEE BigData 2016)
     * N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, G. Manco Influence-based Network-oblivious
       Community Detection (TIST)
     * S. Hajian, F. Bonchi, C. Castillo Algorithmic bias: from
       discrimination discovery to fairness-aware data mining (tutorial at
       KDD 2016)
     * F. Bonchi, I. Bordino, F. Gullo, G. Stilo Identifying Buzzing
       Stories via Anomalous Temporal Subgraph Discovery (WI 2016)
     * Y. Mehmood, F. Bonchi, D. Garcia-Soriano Spheres of Influence for
       More Effective Viral Marketing (SIGMOD 2016)
     * N. Kourtellis, G. De Francisci Morales, F. Bonchi Scalable Online
       Betweenness Centrality in Evolving Graphs (ICDE 2016)
     * M. Riondato, D. Garcia-Soriano, F. Bonchi Graph Summarization with
       Quality Guarantees (DMKD)
     * F. Bonchi, G. De Francisci Morales, M. Riondato Centrality Measures
       on Big Graphs: Exact, Approximated, and Distributed Algorithms
       (tutorial at WWW 2016)
     * S. Hajian, T. Tassa, F. Bonchi Individual privacy in social
       influence networks (SNAM)
     * A. Khan, F. Gullo, T. Wohler, F. Bonchi Top-k Reliable Edge Colors
       in Uncertain Graphs (CIKM 2015)
     * P. Parchas, F. Gullo, D. Papadias, F. Bonchi Uncertain Graph
       Processing through Representative Instances (TODS)
     * Y. Mehmood, N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi Modeling adoptions and the
       stages of the diffusion of innovation (KAIS)
     * N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, E. Galimberti, F. Gullo Efficient and
       effective community search (DAMI)
     * I. Kayes, N. Kourtellis, D. Quercia, A. Iamnitchi, F. Bonchi
       Cultures in Community Question Answering (HT 2015)
     * D. Mottin, F. Bonchi, F. Gullo Graph Query Reformulation with
       Diversity (KDD 2015)
     * N. Ruchansky, F. Bonchi, D. Garcia-Soriano, F. Gullo, N. Kourtellis
       The Minimum Wiener Connector Problem (SIGMOD 2015)
     * N. Kourtellis, G. De Francisci Morales, F. Bonchi Scalable Online
       Betweenness Centrality in Evolving Graphs (TKDE)
     * C. Vaca, D. Quercia, F. Bonchi Taxonomy-based Discovery and
       Annotation of Functional Areas in the City (ICWSM 2015)
     * F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, F. Gullo, C. E. Tsourakakis, A. Ukkonen
       Chromatic Correlation Clustering (TKDD)
     * I. Kayes, N. Kourtellis, D. Quercia, A. Iamnitchi, F. Bonchi The
       Social World of Content Abusers in Community Question Answering
       (WWW 2015)
     * C. Aslay, W. Lu, F. Bonchi, A. Goyal, L. V. S. Lakshmanan Viral
       Marketing Meets Social Advertising: Ad Allocation with Minimum
       Regret (VLDB 2015)
     * O. Balalau, F. Bonchi, T-H. H. Chan, F. Gullo, M. Sozio Finding
       Subgraphs with Maximum Total Density and Limited Overlap (WSDM
       2015)
     * M. Riondato, D. Garcia-Soriano, F. Bonchi Graph Summarization with
       Quality Guarantees (ICDM 2014)
     * Y. Mehmood, N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi Modeling adoptions and the
       stages of the diffusion of innovation (ICDM 2014)
     * F. Bonchi, D. Garcia-Soriano, E. Liberty Correlation Clustering:
       from Theory to Practice (Tutorial at KDD 2014)
     * N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, G. Manco Who to Follow and Why: Link
       Prediction with Explanations (KDD 2014)
     * F. Bonchi, F. Gullo, A. Kaltenbrunner, Y. Volkovich Core
       Decomposition of Uncertain Graphs (KDD 2014)
     * P. Parchas, F. Gullo, D. Papadias, F. Bonchi The Pursuit of a Good
       Possible World: Extracting Representative Instances of Uncertain
       Graphs (SIGMOD 2014)
     * F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, T. Tassa Identity Obfuscation in Graphs
       Through the Information Theoretic Lens (Information Sciences)
     * S. Amer-Yahia, F. Bonchi, C. Castillo, E. Feuerstein, I.
       Méndez-Díaz, P. Zabala Composite Retrieval of Diverse and
       Complementary Bundles (TKDE)
     * N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi Influence Maximization with Viral Product
       Design (SDM 2014)
     * T. Tassa, F. Bonchi Privacy Preserving Estimation of Social
       Influence (EDBT 2014)
     * C. Aslay, N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, R. Baeza-Yates Online Topic-aware
       Influence Maximization Queries (EDBT 2014)
     * A. Khan, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, F. Gullo Fast Reliability Search in
       Uncertain Graphs (EDBT 2014)
     * F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, F. Gullo, A. Ukkonen Distance oracles in
       edge-labeled graphs (EDBT 2014)
     * N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, G. Manco Influence-based Network-oblivious
       Community Detection (ICDM 2013)
     * L. Macchia, F. Bonchi, F. Gullo, L. Chiarandini Mining Summaries of
       Propagations (ICDM 2013)
     * S. Pool, F. Bonchi, M. van Leeuwen Description-driven Community
       Detection (ACM TIST)
     * F. Bonchi, G. De Francisci Morales, A. Gionis, A. Ukkonen Activity
       Preserving Graph Simplification (ECML/PKDD 2013 -- Journal Track)
     * Y. Mehmood, N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, A. Ukkonen CSI: Community-level
       Social Influence analysis (ECML/PKDD 2013)
     * W. Lu, F. Bonchi, A. Goyal, L. V. S. Lakshmanan The Bang for the
       Buck: Fair Competitive Viral Marketing from the Host Perspective
       (KDD 2013)
     * K. Kutzkov, A. Bifet, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis STRIP: Stream Learning
       of Influence Probabilities (KDD 2013)
     * C. E. Tsourakakis, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, F. Gullo, M. A. Tsiarli
       Denser than the densest subgraph: extracting optimal quasi-cliques
       with quality guarantees (KDD 2013)
     * L. Weng, J. Ratkiewicz, N. Perra, B. Gonçalves, C. Castillo, F.
       Bonchi, R. Schifanella, F. Menczer, A. Flammini The Role of
       Information Diffusion in the Evolution of Social Networks (KDD
       2013)
     * N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, G. Manco Topic-aware Social Influence
       Propagation Models Knowledge and Information Systems - An
       International Journal (KAIS)
     * I. Bordino, G. De Francisci Morales, I. Weber, F. Bonchi From
       Machu_Picchu to "rafting the urubamba river": Anticipating
       information needs via the Entity-Query Graph (WSDM 2013)
     * N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, G. Manco Cascade-based Community Detection
       (WSDM 2013)
     * N. Barbieri, F. Bonchi, G. Manco Topic-aware Social Influence
       Propagation Models (ICDM 2012)
     * I. Mele, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis The early-adopter graph and its
       application to web-page recommendation (CIKM 2012)
     * F. Bonchi, O. Frieder, F. M. Nardini, F. Silvestri, H. Vahabi.
       Interactive and Context-Aware Tag Spell Check and Correction (CIKM
       2012)
     * F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, F. Gullo, A. Ukkonen Chromatic Correlation
       Clustering (KDD 2012)
     * P. Boldi, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, T. Tassa Injecting Uncertainty in
       Graphs for Identity Obfuscation (VLDB 2012)
     * A. Goyal, F. Bonchi, L. Lakshmanan
       A Data-Based Approach to Social Influence Maximization (VLDB 2012)
     * F. Bonchi, R. Perego, F. Silvestri, R. Venturini, H. Vahabi
       Efficient Query Recommendations in the Long Tail via Center-Piece
       Subgraphs (SIGIR 2012)
     * M. Tsytsarau, T. Palpanas, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis Diverse Dimension
       Decomposition for Itemset Spaces Knowledge and Information Systems
       - An International Journal (KAIS)
     * F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, A. Ukkonen Overlapping Correlation Clustering
       Knowledge and Information Systems - An International Journal (KAIS)
     * A. Goyal, F. Bonchi, L. Lakshmanan, S. Venkatasubramanian
       On Minimizing Budget and Time in Influence Propagation over Social
       Networks Social Network Analysis and Mining (SNAM)
     * F. Bonchi Influence Propagation in Social Networks: A Data Mining
       Perspective IEEE Intelligent Informatics Bulletin
     * F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, A. Ukkonen Overlapping Correlation Clustering
       (ICDM 2011)
     * M. Tsytsarau, T. Palpanas, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis Diverse Dimension
       Decomposition of an Itemsets Space (ICDM 2011)
     * M. Papagelis, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis Suggesting Ghost Edges for a
       Smaller World (CIKM 2011) [poster]
     * F. Bonchi, L. V.S. Lakshmanan, W. H. Wang Trajectory Anonymity in
       Publishing Personal Mobility Data SIGKDD Explorations
     * F. Bonchi, C.Castillo, D. Ienco The Meme Ranking Problem:
       Maximizing Microblogging Virality Journal of Intelligent
       Information Systems (JIIS)
     * F. Bonchi, P. Esfandiar, D. F. Gleich, C. Greif, L. V. S.
       Lakshmanan Fast matrix computations for pair-wise and column-wise
       commute times and Katz scores Internet Matemathics
     * M. Mathioudakis, F. Bonchi, C.Castillo, A. Gionis, A. Ukkonen
       Sparsification of Influence Networks (KDD 2011)
     * F. Bonchi, R. Perego, F. Silvestri, H. Vahabi, R. Venturini
       Recommendations for the Long Tail by Term-Query Graph (WWW 2011)
       [poster]
     * F. Bonchi, M. van Leeuwen, A. Ukkonen Characterizing Uncertain Data
       using Compression (SDM 2011)
     * F. Bonchi, A. Gionis, T. Tassa Identity Obfuscation in Graphs
       Through the Information Theoretic Lens (ICDE 2011)
     * P. Esfandiar, F. Bonchi, D. F. Gleich, C. Greif, L. V. S.
       Lakshmanan, B.W. On Fast Katz and Commuters: Efficient Estimation
       of Social Relatedness in Large Networks (WAW 2010)
     * D. Ienco, F. Bonchi, C.Castillo The Meme Ranking Problem:
       Maximizing Microblogging Virality (SIASP - ICDM Workshops 2010)
     * F. Bonchi, C. Castillo, A. Gionis, A. Jaimes Social Network
       Analysis and Mining for Business Applications ACM Transactions on
       Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)
     * P. Boldi, F. Bonchi, C. Castillo, S. Vigna Viscous Democracy for
       Social Networks Communications of the ACM (CACM)
     * P. Boldi, F. Bonchi, C. Castillo, S. Vigna Query Reformulation
       Mining: Models, Patterns and Applications Information Retrieval
       (IR)
     * M. Potamias, F. Bonchi, G. Kollios, A. Gionis k-Nearest Neighbors
       in Uncertain Graphs (VLDB 2010)
     * B. Bringmann, M. Berlingerio, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis Learning and
       Predicting the Evolution of Social Networks IEEE Intelligent
       Systems
     * V. Leroy, B.B. Cambazoglu, F. Bonchi Cold Start Link Prediction
       (KDD 2010)
     * D. Donato, F. Bonchi, T. Chi, Y. Maarek Do you want to take notes?
       Identifying research missions in Yahoo! Search Pad (WWW 2010)
     * G. Garrido, F. Bonchi, A. Gionis On the high density of leadership
       nuclei in endorsement social networks (WWW 2010) [poster]
     * A. Goyal, F. Bonchi, L. Lakshmanan Learning Influence Probabilities
       In Social Networks (WSDM 2010)
     * O. Abul, F. Bonchi, F. Giannotti Hiding Sequential and
       Spatio-temporal Patterns IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data
       Engineering (TKDE)
     * O. Abul, F. Bonchi, M. Nanni Anonymization of Moving Objects
       Databases by Clustering and Perturbation Information Systems

   COMPLETE LISTDBLPARNETCITATIONS
