   Foodvisor
   Free - on the App Store - in Google Play
   View View

   foodvisor-nutrition-application

   Premium Blog
   Eat smart.
   Live better.
   download-foodvisor-ios download-foodvisor-android
   nutrition-application-smartphone

Easily keep track of your diet

   From a simple photo, Foodvisor nutrition app can recognize food items
   on your plate, estimate their serving sizes and provide a detailed
   nutrition report in just seconds!
   Foodvisor is more than a simple calorie counter, it is an app that will
   help you eat healthier.
   Take control and create a healthier lifestyle today!
   calories-photo-application
   Take a photo
   of your meal

   calories-application
   Get the nutritional facts

   food-diary
   Your meal is
   added to your food diary

   best-app-to-lose-weight food-calories-application-smartphone

Adopt healthier habits

   Whether you’re looking to lose weight effectively, live healthier, tone
   and sculpt your body or take on a new diet, Foodvisor's goal is to
   serve as your pocket-sized nutrition coach so that you can reach your
   goals. It will help you become more aware of your diet and it will help
   you to develop as well as fully adopt healthier habits.
   img.iphones-back-shadow.alt healthy-eating-application

Add your physical activities

   With Foodvisor, you can track your physical activities and the
   corresponding calories burned. You can also sync your daily step count
   and physical activities from Health, a default iOS app, with Foodvisor.
   In doing so, Foodvisor will be able to calculate the overall calories
   consumed and calories burned automatically! You'll know whether or not
   you've met your goals with ease.
   img.iphones-back-shadow.alt quick-lose-weight

And achieve your goals

   Foodvisor enables you to track your progress in achieving both your
   health and wellness goals. It also identifies your weaknesses by
   highlighting areas that need improvement. Foodvisor nutrition app, will
   make achieving your goals effortless and fun!
   diet-app

   Key numbers

   2x
   more chances to reach your goal by keeping a food diary
   5 s
   to log a meal
   4.5/5
   rating on the App Store

   foodvisor-premium-logo
   With Foodvisor Premium, you'll receive personalized consultation from
   our dietitians to help you reach your goals faster and with efficiency.
   Discover Premium
   lose-weight-app

   App Store Reviews

   App Store Reviews
   My Favorite Appearance News
   best-diet-app
   Super app, not especially craving diet but especially eating better,
   and for that it's great! You can add ingredients, very simply, in 2
   minutes my plate is transferred to the app!
   Very Practical
   successful-weight-loss-app
   I've been using this app for 6 months and I find it extremely easy and
   especially effective. I highly recommend it.
   Awesome!
   fast-weight-loss-app
   Very good app I use it every day and I have already lost 4 kg!!
   Simple and Clear
   easy-weight-loss-app
   Having already tested and paid for similar apps, this one is by far the
   simplest and easiest to use. Bravo!
   Enjoyable!
   weight-loss-help-app
   No pressure and not annoying to use but rather a precious tool to have.
   FINALLY an app with a calorie counter that tells you what you need and
   what you've already had throughout the day and week. It sometimes
   surprising to read the report!



   img.btn-back-top.alt

   BLOG PRESS JOBS TERMS
   CONTACT US
   foodvisor-email
   instagram-foodvisor-logo
   Twitter-foodvisor-logo
   facebook-foodvisor-logo
   DOWNLOAD THE APP
   download-foodvisor-ios download-foodvisor-android
   eat-better-mascotte
   © 2018 foodvisor.io
