   Last updated February 2019

Overview

   The key information you should be aware of
    A. Who we are: We are Rezonence Limited, a company based in England.
       We serve and distribute advertising content online, including video
       and display content. Our clients are publishers and advertisers,
       and we work with both parties to ensure that advertising is
       displayed on the websites owned or operated by the publishers we
       work with. If you need it, our company number is 08347262 and our
       registered office 6th Floor, One London Wall, London, EC2Y 5EB. All
       references in this policy to “Rezonence”, “our”, “us” or “we” refer
       to Rezonence Limited. All references in this policy to “our
       website” are a reference to the website owned by Rezonence at
       www.rezonence.com.
    B. Our values and what this policy is for: We have a strong commitment
       to protect your privacy. Our privacy moto is that:
         1. we only collect information that we strictly need for our
            relationship with you;
         2. we will do our best to keep your information secure and to
            prevent unauthorised access to it;
         3. we will tell you what information we hold about you; and
         4. we will only keep your information for as long as we need it.
       In line with our commitment, this privacy policy tells you how your
       information is collected and used by us and shared with others, how
       we keep it safe and the rights you have to access and control its
       use. We have tried to make it easy for you to navigate so you can
       find the information that is most relevant to you and our
       relationship with you. We are always looking to improve the
       information we provide to you, so if you have any feedback on this
       privacy policy then please let us know using our contact details in
       section 12.
    C. Who this policy applies to: This policy applies to:
         1. Visitors to our website;
         2. Our clients;
         3. People who contact us with enquiries or that we contact in
            relation to services we provide them;
         4. Our suppliers and employees of our suppliers; and
         5. Job Applicants.
       Depending on our relationship, we will collect and use your
       information in different ways. Please click on the links above to
       find out the information that we collect about you and how we use
       this information.
    D. What this policy contains: This privacy policy describes the
       following important topics relating to your information (you can
       click on the links to find out more):
         1. How we obtain your personal information;
         2. What information we collect about you and how we use it;
         3. Our legal basis for using your personal information;
         4. How and why we share your personal information;
         5. How long we store your personal information;
         6. Your rights;
         7. Children;
         8. Where we may transfer your personal information;
         9. Risks and how we keep your personal information secure;
        10. Links to other websites;
        11. Changes to this privacy policy; and
        12. Further questions and how to make a complaint.
    E. You have rights to object. You may ask to us stop using your
       personal information where we use of your personal information on
       the basis of our, or another person’s, legitimate interest. You can
       find out more information in section 6.
    F. What you need to do and your confirmation to us: Please read this
       privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your personal
       information. By engaging with us in the ways set out in this
       privacy policy, you confirm that you have read and understood the
       entirety of this privacy policy, as it applies to you.

The Detail

   The key information you should be aware of
    1. How we obtain your personal information
         1. You may provide us with your personal information voluntarily.
            However, we may also receive information about you from third
            parties such as marketing agencies, market research companies,
            our suppliers, contractors and consultants, group companies
            and business partners, which we refer to as “third party
            sources” or “suppliers” throughout this policy. We may also
            collect personal information from you using a variety of
            technologies that automatically and passively collect
            information when you use our website (usage data).
         2. You may give us personal information about yourself by
            contacting us by email or other means. This includes, for
            example, where you provide your personal information to us in
            order to receive information or services from us. If you are a
            supplier, you may also give us personal information about you
            when you are offering or providing services to us.
    2. What information we collect about you and how we use it
       Please go to the section or sections below that best describes our
       relationship with you to find out the information that we collect
       about you and how we use this information. We refer to this as
       “personal information” throughout this policy.
         1. Visitors to our website
              1. What personal information we collect about you
                 We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use
                 any of the following information about you:
                   1. your name;
                   2. your email address;
                   3. information provided when you correspond with us
                      (including when you contact us via the ‘Get in
                      touch’ section of our website);
                   4. any updates to information provided to us;
                   5. the following information created and recorded
                      automatically by Google Analytics (for further
                      information on the cookies used in respect of this,
                      see section 2.1.3 below) when you visit our website:
                        1. Technical information.his includes: the
                           Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect
                           your computer to the internet address or other
                           unique identifier for the computer or other
                           electronic device that you use to access our
                           website; the website address and country from
                           which you access information; the files
                           requested;, browser type and version; browser
                           plug-in types and versions; operating system
                           and platform; and
                        2. Information about your visit and your behaviour
                           on our website (for example, the pages that you
                           click on). This may include the website you
                           visit before and after visiting our website
                           (including date and time), time and length of
                           visits to certain pages, page interaction
                           information (such as scrolling, clicks, and
                           mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from
                           the page, traffic data, location data, weblogs
                           and other communication data and information
                           provided when requesting further service or
                           downloads.
              2. How we use your personal information
                 We will collect, use and store the personal information
                 listed above for the following reasons:
                   1. to allow you to access and use our website;
                   2. to receive enquiries from you through our website
                      about our service and business;
                   3. to ensure that content from our website is presented
                      in the most effective manner for you and for your
                      computer or other electronic device;
                   4. to understand how you access and use our website;
                      and
                   5. to administer, maintain and improve our website and
                      services, to measure the efficiency of our systems
                      and to undertake an analysis on the locations from
                      which people access our webpages.
                 Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about
                 how we use your personal information.
              3. A word about cookies
                   1. Some pages on our website use cookies, which are
                      small files placed on your internet browser when you
                      visit our website. The cookie ‘remembers’ the
                      computer or other electronic device during return
                      visits to our website and some cookies may collect
                      personal data about you. You can find more general
                      information about cookies at:
                      www.allaboutcookies.org.
                   2. Where cookies are used on our website, you may block
                      these at any time. To do so, you can activate the
                      setting on your browser that allows you to refuse
                      the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you
                      use your browser settings to block all cookies
                      (including essential cookies), you may not be able
                      to access all or parts of our website or to use all
                      the functionality provided through our website. In
                      addition we may not be able to tailor the services
                      as well as we would be able to if you had not
                      blocked the cookies.
         2. Our clients
              1. What personal information we collect about you
                 We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use
                 any of the following information about you:
                   1. your name including your title;
                   2. your work postal address;
                   3. your work email address;
                   4. your work telephone number;
                   5. information about the services we provide to you;
                   6. information provided when you correspond with us;
                   7. any updates to information provided to us;
                   8. client relationship management information; and
                   9. information you provide to help us provide you with
                      an improved service, for example if we ask you to
                      fill in a survey or questionnaire.
              2. How we use your personal information
                 We will collect, use and store the personal information
                 listed above for the following reasons:
                   1. to provide you with our services;
                   2. to carry out our obligations under any contracts we
                      have entered into with you;
                   3. to deal with any enquiries or issues you have about
                      our services;
                   4. to ensure that content from the services is
                      presented in the most effective way for you and your
                      computer or other electronic device;
                   5. to provide support for any faults in our website;
                   6. quality assurance of our services; and
                   7. if you have consented or, otherwise, if it is in our
                      legitimate interests to contact you (including by
                      email or post) with information about our services
                      which either you request, or which we feel will be
                      of interest to you (including newsletters).
                 Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about
                 how we use your personal information.
         3. People who contact us with enquiries or that we contact in
            relation to services we provide them
              1. We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use
                 any of the following information about you:
                   1. your name including your title;
                   2. your work postal address;
                   3. your work email address;
                   4. your work telephone number;
                   5. information provided when you correspond with us;
                      and
                   6. any updates to information provided to us.
              2. How we use your personal information
                 We will collect, use and store the personal information
                 listed above to deal with any enquiries or issues you
                 have about our services, including any questions you may
                 have about how we collect, store and use your personal
                 information, or any requests made by you for a copy of
                 the information we hold about you. If we do not have a
                 contract with you, we may process your personal
                 information for these purposes where it is in our
                 legitimate interests for client services purposes, for
                 the carrying on of our business or to meet our client and
                 future client demand.
                 Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about
                 how we use your personal information.
         4. Our suppliers and employees of our suppliers who work for us
              1. We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use
                 any of the following information about you:
                   1. your name including your title;
                   2. work contact information (phone number, postal
                      address, mailing address, email address);
                   3. your job title;
                   4. information provided when you correspond with us;
                   5. any updates to information provided to us; and
                   6. personal information we collect about you from third
                      party sources such as LinkedIn.
              2. How we use your personal information
                 We will collect, use and store the personal information
                 listed above for the following reasons:
                   1. to enable us to receive and manage services from you
                      (including supplier due diligence, payment and
                      expense reporting and financial audits);
                   2. to assess your working capacity; and
                   3. to deal with enquiries from you.
                 Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about
                 how we use your personal information.
              3. Source of personal information. We may receive some of
                 your personal information from third party sources, such
                 as your employer or your employer’s company website. We
                 may also collect this personal information from
                 publicly-available sources, such as LinkedIn.
         5. Job Applicants
              1. When you submit an application for an advertised vacancy
                 on the ‘Join us’ page of our website, we, or third
                 parties on our behalf, will collect and use the following
                 personal information about you:
                   1. your name (first and last);
                   2. your address (optional);
                   3. your phone and email details;
                   4. your LinkedIn details (optional); and
                   5. information provided in your CV/resume and cover
                      letter.
              2. How we use your personal information We will collect, use
                 and store the personal information listed above for the
                 following reasons:
                   1. to process your application (including candidate
                      profiling and suitability assessment);
                   2. to confirm information on resumes, CVs and covering
                      letters, providing reference letters and performance
                      reference checks;
                   3. for equal opportunities monitoring;
                   4. for security vetting, criminal records checks;
                   5. to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations
                      which apply to us;
                   6. to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;
                      and
                   7. otherwise, for the lawful operation of our business.
                 Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about
                 how we use your personal information.
         6. Whatever our relationship with you is, we may also collect,
            use and store your personal information for the following
            additional reasons:
              1. to deal with any enquiries or issues you have about how
                 we collect, store and use your personal information, or
                 any requests made by you for a copy of the information we
                 hold about you. If we do not have a contract with you, we
                 may process your personal information for these purposes
                 where it is in our legitimate interests;
              2. for internal corporate reporting, business
                 administration, ensuring adequate insurance coverage for
                 our business, ensuring the security of company
                 facilities, research and development, and to identify and
                 implement business efficiencies. We may process your
                 personal information for these purposes where it is in
                 our legitimate interests to do so;
              3. to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which
                 apply to us – this may include where we reasonably
                 consider it is in our legitimate interests or the
                 legitimate interests of others to comply, as well as
                 where we are legally required to do so; and
              4. to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights – this
                 may include where we reasonably consider it is in our
                 legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of
                 others, as well as where we are legally required to do
                 so.
         7. Further processing
            We will not use your personal information in any way that is
            incompatible with the purposes set out in this section 2.
            Please contact us using the details in section 12 if you want
            further information on the analysis we will undertake to
            establish if a new use of your personal information is
            compatible with these purposes.
         8. Aggregated and anonymous information
            We may use your personal information and combine it with the
            personal information of others to identify trends and share or
            provide this trend information in an aggregated and anonymous
            form with third parties. For example, we may use information
            about your browsing habits as part of an aggregated number to
            identify which are our most popular website pages.
    3. Legal basis for use of your personal information
         1. We consider that the legal bases for using your personal
            information as set out in this privacy policy are as follows:
              1. our use of your personal information is necessary to
                 perform our obligations under any contract with you (for
                 example, to sell and provide you with our services, to
                 comply with the terms of use of our website which you
                 accept by browsing our website and/or to comply with our
                 contract to provide services to or receive services from
                 you or your employer); or
              2. our use of your personal information is necessary for
                 complying with our legal obligations (for example, for if
                 you contact us requesting access to personal data we hold
                 about you); or
              3. where neither (3.1.1) nor (3.1.2) apply, use of your
                 personal information is necessary for our legitimate
                 interests or the legitimate interests of others (for
                 example, to ensure the security of our website). Our
                 legitimate interests are to:
                   1. run, grow and develop our business;
                   2. operate our website;
                   3. select appropriately skilled and qualified
                      suppliers;
                   4. carry out market research and business development;
                   5. provide services to our clients, make and receive
                      payment and provide client services;
                   6. invest in and roll out new services to benefit the
                      communities in which we operate; and
                   7. for internal group administrative purposes.
                 If we rely on our (or another person’s) legitimate
                 interests for using your personal information, we will
                 undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the
                 other person’s) legitimate interests are not outweighed
                 by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms
                 which require protection of the personal information.
         2. We may use your special categories of data (such as
            health/disability information) where:
              1. we reasonably need to do so in order to comply with our
                 legal obligations as a prospective employer (such as for
                 equality and monitoring purposes) or to exercise specific
                 rights that we have as a prospective employer; or
              2. you have provided your explicit consent (which you may
                 withdraw at any time after giving it, as described
                 below).
         3. If we rely on your consent for us to use your personal
            information in a particular way, but you later change your
            mind, you may withdraw your consent by contacting us at
            info@rezonence.com and we will stop doing so. However, if you
            withdraw your consent, this may impact the ability for us to
            be able to provide services to you.
    4. How and why we share your personal information with others
         1. We will share your personal information with the following
            third parties or categories of third parties:
              1. our group companies where it is in our legitimate
                 interests to do so for internal administrative purposes
                 (for example, ensuring consistent and coherent delivery
                 of services to our clients, corporate strategy,
                 compliance, auditing and monitoring, research and
                 development and quality assurance);
              2. suppliers who provide information technology and office
                 services, including software and website development,
                 website hosting, management and evaluation, exchange and
                 cross referencing;
              3. our service providers and sub-contractors, including but
                 not limited to payment processors, fraud protection
                 services, suppliers of technical and support services and
                 insurers; and
              4. analytics and search engine providers that assist us in
                 the improvement and optimisation of our website.
         2. Any third parties with whom we share your personal information
            are limited (by law and by contract) in their ability to use
            your personal information for any purpose other than to
            provide services for us. We will always ensure that any third
            parties with whom we share your personal information are
            subject to privacy and security obligations consistent with
            this privacy policy and applicable laws.
         3. We will also disclose your personal information to third
            parties:
              1. where it is in our legitimate interests to do so to run,
                 grow and develop our business:
                   1. if we sell or buy any business or assets, we may
                      disclose your personal information to the
                      prospective seller or buyer of such business or
                      assets;
                   2. if substantially all of Rezonence’s or any of its
                      affiliates’ assets are acquired by a third party, in
                      which case personal information held by Rezonence
                      will be one of the transferred assets;
              2. if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal
                 information in order to comply with any legal obligation,
                 any lawful request from government or law enforcement
                 officials and as may be required to meet national
                 security or law enforcement requirements or prevent
                 illegal activity;
              3. in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or
                 any other agreement or to respond to any claims, to
                 protect our rights or the rights of a third party, to
                 protect the safety of any person or to prevent any
                 illegal activity; or
              4. to protect the rights, property, or safety of Rezonence,
                 our staff, our clients or other persons. This may include
                 exchanging personal information with other organisations
                 for the purposes of fraud protection.
         4. We may also disclose and use anonymised, aggregated reporting
            and statistics about users of our website or our services for
            the purpose of internal reporting or reporting to our group or
            other third parties. None of these anonymised, aggregated
            reports or statistics will enable our users to be personally
            identified.
         5. Save as expressly detailed above, we will never share, sell or
            rent any of your personal information to any third party
            without notifying you and, where necessary, obtaining your
            consent. If you have given your consent for us to use your
            personal information in a particular way, but later change
            your mind, you should contact us and we will stop doing so.
    5. How long we store your personal information
       We keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for
       the purposes for which the personal information is processed. The
       length of time we retain personal information for depends on the
       purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to
       comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend
       our legal rights.
    6. Your rights
         1. You have certain rights in relation to your personal
            information. If you would like further information in relation
            to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact
            us via email at info@rezonence.com at any time. You have the
            following rights:
              1. Right of access. You have a right of access to any
                 personal information we hold about you. You can ask us
                 for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as
                 to whether your personal information is being used by us;
                 and details about how and why it is being used.
              2. Right to update your information. You have a right to
                 request an update to any of your personal information
                 which is out of date or incorrect.
              3. Right to delete your information. You have a right to ask
                 us to delete any personal information which we are
                 holding about you in certain specific circumstances. You
                 can ask us for further information on these specific
                 circumstances by contacting us using the details in
                 section 12.
                 We will pass your request onto other recipients of your
                 personal information unless that is impossible or
                 involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the
                 recipients are using the contact details in section 12.
              4. Right to restrict use of your information: You have a
                 right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your
                 personal information in certain specific circumstances.
                 You can ask us for further information on these specific
                 circumstances by contacting us using the details in
                 section 12.
                 We will pass your request onto other recipients of your
                 personal information unless that is impossible or
                 involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the
                 recipients are using the contact details in section 12.
              5. Right to data portability: You have a right to ask us to
                 provide your personal information to a third party
                 provider of services.
              6. Right to object. You have a right to ask us to consider
                 any valid objections which you have to our use of your
                 personal information where we process your personal
                 information on the basis of our or another person’s
                 legitimate interest.
         2. We will consider all such requests and provide our response
            within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month
            of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer
            period allowed by applicable law). Please note, however, that
            certain personal information may be exempt from such requests
            in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using
            the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to
            establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
         3. If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding
            to your request. We may request you provide us with
            information necessary to confirm your identity before
            responding to any request you make.
    7. Children
         1. We do not and will not knowingly collect personal data from
            any unsupervised child under the age of 18. Our website is not
            directed at children under the age of 18 and we do not
            knowingly collect any personal information from visitors in
            this age group.
         2. If you are under the age of 18 and we learn that we have
            inadvertently obtained personal information from you from our
            website, or from any other source, then we will delete that
            information as soon as possible.
         3. Please contact us at info@rezonence.com if you are aware that
            we may have inadvertently collected personal information from
            a child under the age of 18.
    8. Where we may transfer your personal information
         1. We do not transfer your personal information outside the
            European Economic Area (EEA).
    9. Risks and how we keep your personal information secure
         1. The main risk of our processing of your personal information
            is if it is lost, stolen or misused. This could lead to your
            personal information being in the hands of someone else who
            may use it fraudulently or make public information that you
            would prefer to keep private.
         2. For this reason, Rezonence is committed to protecting your
            personal information from loss, theft and misuse. We take all
            reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of
            your personal information, including through use of
            appropriate organisational and technical measures. We ensure
            that:
              1. all information you provide to us is stored on our secure
                 servers;
              2. your Rezonence account will be password protected. You
                 are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
                 Please do not share your password or your account with
                 anyone; and
              3. all our employees have multi-factor authentication when
                 logging into Rezonence’s databases (including our email
                 databases).
         3. In the course of provision of your personal information to us,
            your personal information may be transferred over the
            internet. Although we make every effort to protect the
            personal information which you provide to us, the transmission
            of information over the internet is not completely secure. As
            such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the
            security of your personal information transmitted to our
            website and that any such transmission is at your own risk.
            Once we have received your personal information, we will use
            strict procedures and security features to prevent
            unauthorised access to it.
         4. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password
            which enables you to access your online account, you are
            responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you
            not to share a password with anyone.
   10. Links to other websites
       Our website may contain hyperlinks to and from the website of our
       partner networks, advertisers and affiliates or other third
       parties. Any hyperlinks we provide are provided for your reference
       and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the
       activities of such third-party website or any association with
       their operators. This privacy policy only applies to the personal
       information that we collect or which we receive from third party
       sources, and we cannot be responsible for personal information
       about you that is collected and stored by third parties. Third
       party website have their own terms and conditions and privacy
       policies, and you should read these carefully before you submit any
       personal information to these website. We do not endorse or
       otherwise accept any responsibility or liability for the content of
       such third party website or third party terms and conditions or
       policies.
   11. Changes to our privacy policy
       We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Any changes we
       make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this
       page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email or in another
       appropriate manner.
   12. Further questions and how to make a complaint
         1. If you have any queries or complaints about our collection,
            use or storage of your personal information, or if you wish to
            exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal
            information, please contact info@rezonence.com. We will
            investigate and attempt to resolve any such complaint or
            dispute regarding the use or disclosure of your personal
            information.
         2. In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection
            Regulation, you may also make a complaint to the data
            protection regulator in the country where you usually live or
            work, or where an alleged infringement of the General Data
            Protection Regulation has taken place. In the UK, the data
            protection regulator is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
            Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through the courts if you
            believe your rights have been breached.

   The practices described in this privacy policy statement are current as
   of 25/02/2019.

   Rezonence Logo
     * Advertiserskeyboard_arrow_down
     * Publisherskeyboard_arrow_down

   Rezonian Times

   Check out our blog for all our latest news and opinion

FreeWall^® Benefits

     * The Fundamentals
     * Unrivalled digital advertising
     * Bespoke, actionable data at scale
     * Cost effective lead generation

Performance

     * FMCGs
     * Entertainment
     * Finance
     * Travel
     * Alcohol

Case Studies

     * Jordans open_in_new
     * Sky Sports open_in_new

   Rezonian Times

   Check out our blog for all our latest news and opinion

Publisher Benefits

     * Sustainably monetise your digital content
     * Understand your audience

     * Advertisers keyboard_arrow_right
     * Publishers keyboard_arrow_right

   Rezonian Times

   Check out our blog for all our latest news and opinion
   keyboard_arrow_left Advertisers

Benefits

     * The Fundamentals
     * Unrivalled digital advertising
     * Bespoke, actionable data at scale
     * Cost effective lead generation

Performance

     * FMCGs
     * Entertainment
     * Finance
     * Travel
     * Alcohol

Case Studies

     * Jordans open_in_new
     * Sky Sports open_in_new

   keyboard_arrow_left Publishers

Benefits

     * Sustainably monetise your digital content
     * Understand your audience

   [ ]
   Quick linkskeyboard_arrow_down
     * About us
     * Reader benefits
     * FreeWall^® accountability

   [ ]
   Exampleskeyboard_arrow_down
     * Advertising with FreeWall^® open_in_new
     * Collecting data with FreeWall^® open_in_new
     * Generating leads with FreeWall^® open_in_new
     * Video with FreeWall^® open_in_new

   [ ]
   Get in touchkeyboard_arrow_down
     * 2nd Floor
     * 8 Denmark Street
     * London
     * WC2H 8LS

   info@rezonence.com
   © Rezonence 2019 |Privacy Policy |Brand Safety Policy
   Issuu logo LinkedIn logo Twitter logo
   Rezonence Logo
     * Advertiserskeyboard_arrow_down
     * Publisherskeyboard_arrow_down

   Rezonian Times

   Check out our blog for all our latest news and opinion

FreeWall^® Benefits

     * The Fundamentals
     * Unrivalled digital advertising
     * Bespoke, actionable data at scale
     * Cost effective lead generation

Performance

     * FMCGs
     * Entertainment
     * Finance
     * Travel
     * Alcohol

Case Studies

     * Jordans open_in_new
     * Sky Sports open_in_new

   Rezonian Times

   Check out our blog for all our latest news and opinion

Publisher Benefits

     * Sustainably monetise your digital content
     * Understand your audience

     * Advertisers keyboard_arrow_right
     * Publishers keyboard_arrow_right

   Rezonian Times

   Check out our blog for all our latest news and opinion
   keyboard_arrow_left Advertisers

Benefits

     * The Fundamentals
     * Unrivalled digital advertising
     * Bespoke, actionable data at scale
     * Cost effective lead generation

Performance

     * FMCGs
     * Entertainment
     * Finance
     * Travel
     * Alcohol

Case Studies

     * Jordans open_in_new
     * Sky Sports open_in_new

   keyboard_arrow_left Publishers

Benefits

     * Sustainably monetise your digital content
     * Understand your audience

   [ ]
   Quick linkskeyboard_arrow_down
     * About us
     * Reader benefits
     * FreeWall^® accountability

   [ ]
   Exampleskeyboard_arrow_down
     * Advertising with FreeWall^® open_in_new
     * Collecting data with FreeWall^® open_in_new
     * Generating leads with FreeWall^® open_in_new
     * Video with FreeWall^® open_in_new

   [ ]
   Get in touchkeyboard_arrow_down
     * 2nd Floor
     * 8 Denmark Street
     * London
     * WC2H 8LS

   info@rezonence.com
   © Rezonence 2019 |Privacy Policy |Brand Safety Policy
   Issuu logo LinkedIn logo Twitter logo
