   #rss 2.0

Event-B.org

Home of Event-B and the Rodin Platform

NAVIGATION

     * Event-B Home
     * Install Rodin
     * Documentation Wiki
     * DEPLOY Repository
     * Event-B Book
     * Community

                              ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

                                ADVANCE Logo

                                  FP7 Logo

                            SourceForge.net Logo

                                     ECS

                                   YourKit

                       Event-B and the Rodin Platform

Welcome to the Event-B.org Website

   Event-B is a formal method for system-level modelling and analysis. Key
   features of Event-B are the use of set theory as a modelling notation,
   the use of refinement to represent systems at different abstraction
   levels and the use of mathematical proof to verify consistency between
   refinement levels.

   The Rodin Platform is an Eclipse-based IDE for Event-B that provides
   effective support for refinement and mathematical proof. The platform
   is open source, contributes to the Eclipse framework and is further
   extendable with plugins.

   Development of Rodin is currently supported by the European Union ICT
   Project ADVANCE (2011 to 2014). Originally Rodin development was funded
   by the European Union Projects DEPLOY (2008 to 2012). and RODIN (2004
   to 2007).

   Use the menu on the left to install the Rodin platform and plug-ins.
   The documentation wiki contains support for tool users and developers.
   The DEPLOY Repository contains resources including papers, Event-B
   examples and training material.

   Event-B is an evolution of B-Method developed by Jean-Raymond Abrial.
   Wikipedia contains useful information and links on the B-Method.

Rodin User and Developer Workshop 2018

   5-8 June, 2018, Southampton, UK

   More information....

                                 Event-B TV

                                   Google+



                                 Event-B.org
