                                 BrittaBlvd
                  Welcome to Britta Blvd's temporary home!
   My longtime webserver crashed hard, sadly becoming a ghost just in time
    for Halloween season, so it will be a while before BrittaBlvd is up &
   running properly again. In the meanwhile, you can follow BrittaBlvd on
      Instagram and Facebook for current updates, you can try a static
     version of my defunct WordPress site here, and these sections still
                                    work!
                                  Halloween
        The main Halloween Haunt including Halloween Recipes from the
                           Webmistress of the Dark
                                  Halloween
      The original Hogwarts Celebration including Wizard Recipes and my
                         downloadable Marauders Map
                                  Halloween
             Mardi Gras Main Street including Mardi Gras Recipes
                                  Halloween
                            How to Host a Mystery
                                  Halloween
              Smorgabritta Recipes including How to Make Lefse
                                  Halloween
                                  Costumes
                                  Halloween
                    Cakes, Gingerbread & other Edible Art
                        Britta Blvd Blog 2011 - 2018
   My WordPress blog that started in 2011 is still broken, but I was able
   to archive what I could as flat HTML structure. Some posts are missing,
   search & comments don't work, and I can't update this with new content,
                   but look here for the past decade of my
    Popular Parties with Panache, Fun Food with Flair and other Whimsical
                                    Works
   My BrittaBlvd YouTube Channel has lots of videos of Halloween parties,
            Edible Art, my Potter Parties on NBC11 News, and both
              how-to series Eerie Elegance: 13 Fabulous Frights
         and Enhanced Eerie Elegance: 13 Studies in Spooky Style...
                         ...you can even subscribe!
   EerieElegance.com has the information & order pages for my three books
                            & other spooky style!

   The Eerie Elegance Trilogy The three Eerie Elegance books, Eerie
   Elegance, Enhanced Eerie Elegance, and Eerie Elegance Eats, show you
   how to create your own spooky environments and recipes as shown on
   Britta Blvd. Not only are Britta's unique Halloween recipes included,
   but she reveals how she creates her decorations and displays with
   step-by-step instructions and full-color photos that show you how to
   transform your own home into a Halloween haunt. Ideas range from the
   simple and budget-conscious to elaborate environments and everything in
   between, so there is something for everyone from Eerie Elegance!
   All three books are on sale on Amazon, as well as autographed copies
   directly from the author on EerieElegance.com...order now!
   My Britta Blvd Etsy shop has accessories for wizard parties, Halloween
                            parties & other fun!

                              Teeny Britta Blvd
