La Banque de données des mutations du gène DMD
UMD-DMD France

   This website gives access to the UMD-DMD France database dedicated to
   the collection of molecular and clinical data related to patients with
   a mutation of the DMD gene in France. It can be used by physicians,
   researchers and patients / Ce site web permet d'accéder à la banque de
   données UMD-DMD France qui rassemble les données médicales (génétiques
   et cliniques) des personnes présentant une anomalie du gène DMD
   diagnostiquée en France. Il est destiné aux médecins, chercheurs et
   patients..

Welcome [drapeau_GB2.gif]

   You are connected to the French knowledgebase related to mutations of
   the DMD gene. To access the database and associated tools just click on
   the "Access to the UMD-DMD French database" button. If you want to
   access information in french about the database click on the "Accéder à
   la banque de données UMD-DMD France" button.
   (Note that the most advanced analysis options are only available
   through the international access).

Bienvenue [drapeau_FR2.gif]

   Vous êtes maintenant connecté à la banque de données des mutations du
   gène DMD. Pour accéder à la banque de données en version internationale
   (anglais), cliquez sur le bouton "Access to the UMD-DMD French
   database". Si vous souhaitez accéder à la version française, cliquez
   sur le bouton "Accéder à la banque de données UMD-DMD France".
   (Attention, les outils d'analyse ne sont disponibles qu'en version
   internationale).

                    Access to the UMD-DMD French database

              Accéder à la banque de données UMD-DMD France

   If you use this database please cite: Genotype-Phenotype Analysis in
   2405 patients with a dystrophinopathy using the UMD-DMD Database. A
   model of Nationwide Knowledgebase. S. Tuffery-Giraud and C. Béroud, F.
   Leturcq, R. Ben Yaou, D. Hamroun, L. Michel-Calemard, M.P. Moizard, R.
   Bernard, M. Cossée, P. Boisseau, M. Blayau, I. Creveaux, A.
   Guiochon-Mantel, B. de Martinville, C. Philippe, N. Monnier, E. Bieth,
   P. Khau Van Kien, F.O. Desmet, V. Humbertclaude, J.C. Kaplan, J.
   Chelly, M. Claustres. Human Mutation 2009: 30(6), 934-945.

   If you have any question / comment, please contact: Sylvie
   Tuffery-Giraud, Véronique Humbertclaude or Christophe Béroud

   Editorial committee: Dr Christophe Béroud (PharmD, PhD, assistant
   professor of Genetics), Dr Sylvie Tuffery-Giraud (PhD, Research
   Engineer) and Dr Véronique Humbertclaude (MD, Neuropediatrician)
   Comité éditorial: Dr Christophe Béroud (Docteur en Pharmacie, Docteur
   es Sciences, Maître de Conférence-Praticien Hospitalier Généticien), Dr
   Sylvie Tuffery-Giraud (Docteur es Sciences, Ingénieur de Recherche en
   Génétique) and Dr Véronique Humbertclaude (Docteur en Médecine,
   Neuropédiatre)

   Affiliations: Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Montpellier (VH, CB);
   Université Montpellier I (Faculté de Médecine) (STG, CB); Institut
   National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM U827) (STG,
   VH, CB)

                                [faccoul.png]

                                [logoUM1.png]

                          [logo_chumontpellier.gif]

                              [logo_inserm.jpg]

   This project is supported by grants from the AFM association / Ce
   projet est soutenu financièrement par l'AFM.
   The UMD-DMD French database is a partner of the international TREAT-NMD
   project / La banque de données UMD-DMD France est partenaire du projet
   international TREAT-NMD.

   This site does not display or get funding from commercials / Ce site
   n'affiche ni ne reçoit de fonds publicitaires.
   Last update / Dernière mise à jour : October 12th 2009 / 12 Octobre
   2009
