   [logo.png]
     * [logo.png]
     * NEWS
     * SHOP
     * HAND OF FATE 2
     * HAND OF FATE 1
     * ABOUT
     * PRESSKIT
     * menu button MENU

     * menu button CLOSE
     * NEWS
     * SHOP
     * HAND OF FATE 2
     * HAND OF FATE 1
     * ABOUT
     * PRESSKIT

   "Hand of Fate might just be one of the most instantly-atmospheric games
   this reviewer has ever encountered" - Chris Brown, Game Planet
   landing image
   "Defiant Deals a Winning Hand" - Daniel Tack, Game Informer

   facebook icon facebook icon facebook icon
   Latest Tweets
   Tweets by DefiantDev
   Latest News
   Hand of Fate 2 launching November 7 2017
   Posted 2 years ago.

   We are incredibly pleased to announce that Hand of Fate 2 will launch
   November 7, 2017, on PC, Xbox One and PS4. Oh gosh, that’s so close!

   Quick! Check out our new trailer over at Game Informer while I have a
   quiet panic attack.

   Along with announcing our release date (November 7, 2017 - coming to
   PC, PS4 and Xbox One!) we’re also revealing our final companion, the
   Indomitable Ariadne of Stiegal. A powerful melee warrior, Ariadne
   brings a keen blacksmith’s eye to the battlefield, shattering the armor
   of even the sturdiest opponents. On the tabletop, her boundless
   optimism allows her to duplicate chance cards, dramatically improving
   the player’s odds of success. Players will meet her properly in the
   Strength Challenge, though keen-eyed adventurers may encounter her
   earlier than that.

   Ariadneblog1.jpg

   HoF2 has blossomed into a project that we are deeply proud of, with
   noticeable improvements to every element of the original game. It’s
   massive, too. What was intended to be a game of equal length to HoF1
   has transformed into something roughly four times the size, bursting
   with new characters, new enemies and a fantastic variety of new
   challenges.

   We think Hand of Fate 2 is the best game Defiant Development has ever
   produced, and we can’t wait to share it with you. Mark November 7 in
   your calendar as the day you return to the Dealer’s table and once
   again…

   Draw your cards, play and your hand and discover your fate!

   PS. I couldn't let this opportunity slip by without showing off another
   couple of fantastic concept pieces from our artist, Nick Smith!

   Ariadne02.jpg

   Ariadne13-FINAL-ForPR.jpg
   [border.png]
   Hand of Fate: Ordeals Smashes its Kickstarter Goal
   Posted 2 years ago.

   The boardgame adaptation of Hand of Fate, HoF: Ordeals, is now on the
   third day of its Kickstarter campaign and has already hit the $100k
   mark. If you're yet to check out the campaign, head over to Kickstarter
   right now! Do it in another tab, though, don't just... argh..

   ..they left.

   That's fine! Those of you didn't immediately blast off to pledge can
   take a look at this fantastic coverage we've gotten from the gaming
   press community.

   Firstly, here's Man Vs Meeple's in-depth preview of the game and its
   components. I'm not too proud to admit that watching this made me
   realize I was handling combat incorrectly.

   Here's Geek & Sundry showing off some rather swanky looking painted
   miniatures.

   CNET says the game feels like a natural fit for the table, and that the
   components are gorgeous. You're too kind, gang.

   Quarter to Three thinks it's weird to see so much color on the cards,
   but isn't going to let that stop them backing the Kickstarter.

   And finally, here's Kotaku announcing the fantastic news that we
   smashed our Kickstarter goals in the first twenty hours. It was
   actually six, but hey... who's counting?
   [border.png]
   This artifact is the BOMB.
   Posted 3 years ago.

   Everybody in the studio is industriously putting the finishing touches
   on the HoF2 Preview (formerly known as "the Beta", but there's so much
   excellent content in there we've outgrown the term), but I wanted to
   show you a cool new artifact that you'll soon be able to play around
   with.

   Say you're tasked with defending a gormless farmer from a horde of
   skeletons. Problem, right? Not if you're armed with some Holy
   Purification bombs.

   Screenshot-(45).jpg

   Skeletons! I hate them. I don't even like to admit that I have one.

   Screenshot-(39).jpg

   Ready. AIM...

   Screenshot-(41).jpg

   POW.

   Screenshot-(42).jpg

   Let's take a look at that again in slow motion.

   Another farmer successfully rescued from their own foolishness.

   The bomb artifacts (there are three kinds. Collect them all!) are
   introduced in the Lovers challenge, and they're provided to you by a
   mysterious goblin in a false beard. Whoever that could be...

   The Lovers is one of the eight challenges you'll be able to try in the
   preview event. If you still haven't signed up, there's still time! All
   you have to do is join our mailing list on the HoF2 page.

   PS. That was a clever headline and I regret nothing.
   [border.png]
   Strange Encounters: An Interview with Designer Anna Zou
   Posted 3 years ago.

   It's time to harass another game developer in the middle of something
   much more important! This time it's designer Anna Zou, the former
   intern responsible for the creation of HoF's beloved mischievous goblin
   mentor, Mr Lionel.

   Lee: Who are you again, and what do you do at Defiant?

   Anna: I'm Anna and I do design-y things.

   What were you doing just before I interrupted you with this interview?

   I was working on the CENSORED Encounter Chain.

   Oh man, I'm going to have to bleep that name.

   yeah, whoops.

   I was working on a secret companion's encounter chain*

   ...writing text and trying to resist making any more potato-related
   jokes.

   Potato related jokes do seem to take up a lot of your time at the
   moment, so I'm going to return to that later. But first, how did you
   get your start with Defiant?

   In the third year of my Games Design degree I somehow landed an
   internship at Defiant. Then I got contracted on part time as a Junior
   Designer. Then I went to Japan for a year to eat all of their sushi and
   pat all of their tiny dogs. During my time over there, I got offered a
   full time position as a Designer so I flew back and it's been jolly
   good times ever since.

   I can't say for certain why I was offered this position - probably
   because I threatened a lot of people, but I can't be sure.

   Should I speculate on why?

   Well, you already sound crazy. Now I need to know why you think you got
   the job.

   Apart from the threatening, I didn't do much of note during my time as
   Junior Designer. I did make the encounter Mister Lionel, and apparently
   people liked that, so presumably, that is a reason why.

   We had to lock down Mister Lionel. Didn't want you going off to a
   competitor and creating the hilarious hobgoblin Doctor Leonard for
   them, subsequently weakening our brand.

   HandOfFate-MisterLionel.jpg

   Yeah I'm pretty locked down - that was the extent of my creativity
   so....

   But I can tell you why the community responded to Mr Lionel - you get
   him in your deck relatively early on so more players experience him,
   the card has multiple outcomes, there a very tangible benefit in
   getting a shield, and the encounter itself is just weird enough to be
   memorable long after the game is over.

   Weird enough to be memorable is my motto in life.

   I'm getting that on a shirt for your next birthday.

   Do you even know when my birthday is Lee? Hmm?

   That's why we have these interview questions, Anna!

   You just wanted to strengthen our friendship?

   Couldn't be stronger - we have an unbreakable bond already. Moving on,
   though. Do you remember how it was that you came to create the Mr
   Lionel encounter? Was there any kind of design brief, or did you just
   go "A goblin in a fake beard is going to be weird"

   I was tasked with looking over the analytics to see if there was
   anything I could fix. Before the Mister Lionel encounter there was a
   big spike at the end of the Queen of Dust challenge where players would
   die a lot, and it turns out the final fight was way easier with a
   shield.

   So rather than giving a shield to the player for this challenge, I
   thought it'd be more fun to make an encounter that gives you one, but
   also provides a place that player can gamble their things away, because
   gambling is fun, kids.

   So the encounter was a reaction to the data Defiant was pulling from
   the early access builds?

   Indeed.

   There's a hot scoop. That's one of the archetypal HoF cards and it only
   exists because players were terrible at the Queen of Dust! I hear that
   the recurring ghost encounter is also yours?

   The Queen of Dust is quite a trying fight without a shield I'd say, so
   really you could say we were the terrible ones for even making it like
   that.

   Yes, I've actually completely forgotten the name of the ghost cards.
   Probably because they weren't weird enough to be memorable.

   (Anna and Lee are talking about the Hand of Fate cards called "Asleep
   in the Forest" and "Asleep at the Inn". They're great.)

   That being said, I hope people cried genuine tears of sadness when they
   played those encounters. If not, then I'll be very disappointed in
   everyone, especially you.

   I bawled like a baby. Again, this is a sequence demonstrating one of
   the key conceits of Hand of Fate - despite being a card game that
   resets itself every session, your experience is persistent and the
   cards themselves evolve as you play. I think that took a lot of people
   by surprise - they were expecting a tropey dungeon generator but
   there's a narrative thread that carries through from start to finish.

   Yeah, that's something that I love about HoF too - that you unlock a
   new card and a world of potential awaits. As somebody who used to play
   those old text adventures on the computer machine, HoF definitely
   scratches that itch. Except it's better because it has pretty card art.

   Speaking of HoF too... you're now working on HoF2. What an elegant
   segue!

   You impress me more every day. Yes! HoF2! Should I say something else?

   The fun part about working on HoF2 is that I get to essentially play
   more of the game as other designers finish making encounters or
   challenges too. And then we critique them harshly, but that's also part
   of the fun!

   As a designer, what excites you most about HoF2 (beyond the obvious
   "there will be more Hand of Fate!")?

   I really like how HoF2 has more content for deck-building - not just in
   a "win the challenge" kind of way, but also in a "I wonder what happens
   if I put this in my deck with this" way. For example, what happens in
   an encounter can change depending on what Companion you took along or
   if you have a particular number of blessings etc.

   Creating encounters that make players want to experiment with their
   decks is exciting to me.

   15.1.59-23.3.jpg

   Ooh, card synergies! Can you provide an example?

   Spoilers! Well I can say there's a blessing in the game that adds an
   extra Huge Success into the Chance Card mini-game, so even if the
   mini-game didn't have a Huge Success to begin with it would add one,
   and open up this new branch to the encounter that is previously
   undiscovered.

   I'm not sure if this is too much of a spoiler or not.

   Whaaaaaaa

   That's amazing.

   And of course, companions may make their own little quips and comments
   on the encounters as you play.

   Thank you for bringing up our companion characters! Has their inclusion
   changed the way you approach encounter design for HoF2?

   Narratively, we're able to give more of a voice to the people in the
   HoF universe. Like what is Malaclypse's take on the scourge of
   corruption or maybe you can find out about what the deal is with the
   raiding Northerners from a Northerner himself, Colbjorn.

   So we took a new build to PAX East recently, and this build featured
   what might be your magnum opus - the Lovers challenge. Can I ask you
   about that? Can I ask about Oswin? What's the Deal with Oswin?

   You may not.

   (The Lovers challenge tasks the player with escorting a farmer named
   Oswin on a journey to meet his beloved. Oswin is notable for a number
   of reasons: he's incredibly handsome, he's obsessed with potatoes, and
   he can't stop getting kidnapped by skeletons.)

   I think it's pretty clear what his deal is - he likes potatoes and
   rightly so. Potatoes are the king of vegetables.

   You don't have to convince me.

   If I may be so bold.

   You may.

   Thank you.

   But yes, he seems to just be your run of the mill, friendly farming
   chap. One does wonder how he got into a relationship with such a woman
   though.

   You're creating a scenario where I have to go back and leave editor's
   notes in parentheses in this interview, Anna.

   Haha, yeah, should I be more clear (I don't want to spoil the Lovers
   surprise ending).

   It's fine, I can go back and provide a synopsis. This'll be crystal
   clear. What's the design intention of the Lovers? What are you trying
   to get the player to do/learn?

   Initially my design intention was to make sure that this challenge
   wasn't a typical story of two star-crossed lovers and that it had a
   distinct challenge goal - which is keeping a companion's health from
   dropping to 0. We also wanted bombs to be introduced, which tied in
   well with the keeping-Oswin-alive-in-combat thing.

   From there it all sort of evolved. I think a lot of challenges are
   designed like that, we have a broad topic with maybe some beats we have
   to hit, and then it changes and grows organically as we create and test
   and see what works.

   What do you think makes for a good HoF encounter?

   The writing has to be not crap of course, if it can surprise the
   players in some way, if players can use it for their nefarious
   deck-building purposes, if it is intriguing narratively...that is a
   general list off the top of my head.

   Personally I love encounters like the Devil's Carnival in the first
   Hand of Fate, something that draws you in and has many different
   branching possibilities on what happens. Some people, I'm sure, aren't
   a fan of encounters like that. Which is fine, because one of our goals
   as designers is to make sure that the encounters do different things
   and are unique from each other.

   And to close this out: what else do you like to play? What are you
   playing at the moment?

   Any sort of turn-based strategy game I'm into - XCOM or Divinity:
   Original Sin kind of games. That being said, I've been sucked into the
   addictive-ness that is Overwatch lately.

   Oh and board games! Inis is such a good board game.

   What do you like about Inis?

   For those who haven't played it, it's a game with a Celtic theme you
   have to place down as many of your dudes as you can on the map, or in
   particular regions. This is all affected by what Action cards you have
   in this round and what the other players have. It's just good fun to
   plan what you're going to do in your head and hope that everybody else
   doesn't counter you or do something you don't expect - which of course
   they usually do. You never know who's going to win.

   And finally: what is the goblin situation vis-a-vis Hand of Fate 2?

   Well, Mister Lionel has made an appearance in the game already if you
   played the last PAX build. Goblins are still around and stealing shiny
   things, despite the Empire's best efforts to stamp them out. Some have
   allied themselves with the Thieves Guild - as much as one can ally with
   goblins.

   That's what the people want to hear. Thanks, Anna!

   Thanks for having me!
   [border.png]
   The Dealer Takes Twitter
   Posted 3 years ago.

   If you follow our social media accounts (and if you don't, what are you
   doing? Get over there, they're great!) you might have noticed some
   strange movements on Twitter. It seems the Dealer somehow managed to
   escape from whatever nightmare hellscape he's been residing in since
   the conclusion of Hand of Fate, only to find himself trapped in the
   wholly new hellscape that is Twitter.

   For a while, he seemed content to simply needle the designer of our
   upcoming Hand of Fate boardgame, or engage in a Dealer-Off with the
   talented voice actor, Anthony Skordi. That didn't provide the challenge
   he was looking for, however, and so last week he launched into a full
   pick-a-path adventure, polling the community to determine the
   protagonist's actions.

   The complete adventure follows, but be warned - the Dealer took to
   tweet-chains like a pro, so this is preeeeetty long.

   tweet1.jpg

   tweet2.jpg

   tweet3.jpg

   tweet4.jpg

   tweet5.jpg

   tweet6.jpg

   tweet7.jpg

   tweet8.jpg

   tweet9.jpg

   tweet10.jpg

   tweet11.jpg

   tweet12.jpg

   tweet13.jpg

   tweet14.jpg

   tweet15.jpg

   tweet16.jpg

   tweet18.jpg

   tweet19.jpg

   tweet20.jpg

   tweet21.jpg

   tweet22.jpg

   tweet23.jpg

   tweet24.jpg

   tweet25.jpg

   tweet26.jpg

   tweet27.jpg

   tweet28.jpg

   tweet29.jpg

   tweet30.jpg

   tweet31.jpg

   tweet32.jpg

   tweet33.jpg

   tweet34.jpg

   tweet35.jpg

   tweet36.jpg

   tweet37.jpg

   tweet38.jpg

   tweet39.jpg

   tweet40.jpg

   tweet41.jpg

   tweet42.jpg

   tweet43.jpg

   tweet44.jpg

   tweet45.jpg

   tweet46.jpg

   tweet47.jpg

   tweet48.jpg

   tweet49.jpg

   tweet50.jpg

   tweet51.jpg

   tweet52.jpg

   tweet53.jpg

   tweet54.jpg

   tweet55.jpg

   tweet56.jpg

   tweet57.jpg

   tweet58.jpg

   tweet59.jpg

   tweet60.jpg

   tweet61.jpg

   tweet62.jpg

   Are you still here? I told you he was wordy. All that trouble and he
   ends on a cliffhanger? Perhaps he'll get a chance to conclude his tale
   at a later date. Stay tuned for further adventures!
   [border.png]
   Forging A New Fate: Building the HoF Boardgame with Michael McIntyre
   Posted 3 years ago.

   We are as keen as you are to find out what’s going on with the
   impending tabletop adaptation of Hand of Fate, so we sent our
   communications manager, Lee, deep into enemy territory (or at least a
   hostile Slack channel) to get this interview with Rule & Make’s Michael
   “Barantas” McIntyre, designer of Hand of Fate: Ordeals!

   02.jpg

   Lee: SO! Who are you, exactly, Michael?

   Michael: I'm 26, male, live in Brisbane with my lovely wife. I would
   describe myself physically as soft.

   Accurate. How did you end up designing the Hand of Fate boardgame?

   Well, the first time round or the second time? There is a fun story
   there. Well I think it's fun.

   07.jpg

   Tell me the story!

   Well, sit back and let me spin you a tale like silk from chaff.

   A year or so back, maybe more... through the grapevine we had heard
   word that Defiant were wanting to make a board game from their super
   great game Hand Of Fate.

   At this point I had only played a little Hand Of Fate so I was
   intrigued. I was discussing the prospects of this with Brendan Evans,
   the designer behind Skyward. We were throwing around a few ideas but
   nothing really came of it aside from me playing a whole lot more Hand
   Of Fate. I got really into it.

   Fast forward a few months I'm working in a computer store and in walk
   some members of staff from Defiant. I end up serving them somewhat
   purposefully. (My co-worker regained consciousness later on) and I
   pitched them a concept right then and there, dropped them my details
   and waited for a response.

   I never heard back. Was I crushed, destroyed, heartbroken? Nope. This
   was a reasonable thing. I think I had come across as somewhat of a
   raving fan who wanted to show them how I had all the red string
   connecting pictures in my garage to explain who the Dealer really was.

   But no loss here. I always think, take every opportunity.

   05.jpg

   But clearly, all that hard work and obsession eventually paid off.

   35% hard work 60% obsession 5% desperation.

   Moving further down the road, I'm working with Rule & Make. Doing
   conventions, spruiking merch and doing some design work when they
   mention Hand Of Fate. So I was like "Oh yeah they were looking for a
   boardgame right? I was working on my own thing for that at one point."
   For a couple of weeks I didn't hear anything about it until I get a
   call one night. "Hey, we would like you to work on the Hand Of Fate
   board game for us." I was so excited. But in a totally professional and
   reasonable way.

   From there everything has been a massive blur as we have been hammering
   out iteration after iteration of Hand Of Fate: Ordeals.

   Seriously, one day we will get to release photos of all the versions we
   have. It's crazy.

   So let's talk Hand of Fate: Ordeals. There's a guy in the videogame,
   and he's clearly sitting down to play a boardgame. Why couldn't we just
   print that?

   Short answer, the dealer really disagrees with being put away in a box
   every night. I have the scars to prove it.

   Long answer, so much of Hand Of Fate comes from your interactions with
   the Dealer and we wanted to bring you something newer and a bit
   different. Since we wanted the game to be multiplayer and we didn't
   want the game to run itself, we needed to reimagine the Hand Of Fate
   experience for you and your friends on the tabletop.

   Plus if you've already played Hand Of Fate you know the outcome, you
   know the story. So we're making something that builds on that and
   becomes its own beast.

   Okay, next question! Videogame-to-boardgame adaptations are becoming
   increasingly popular, but a good videogame design doesn't necessarily
   translate cleanly into a physical game. What are the pitfalls you've
   had you avoid with the adaptation?

   Combat and Literal Magic.

   We are really fortunate that Hand Of Fate is such an awesome genre mash
   of action combat and card game that we have so much that we can draw on
   to build this board game.

   That said, we can't have straight combat like HOF has. It just wouldn't
   translate right unless we strapped some sort of rockem sockem robots to
   the side of each game. So we have opted for something a little
   different. That's all under wraps at the moment, but our playtesters
   have given us some very positive feedback.

   Our other issue is that in HOF the dealer is literally magic. While we
   have tried our hardest to add the ability to make cards fly around the
   table into perfect piles, using incantations to defy the laws of
   physics by drawing energy from alternate dimensions was not within our
   budget. So we have had to capture the same deck building and board
   setup in a smooth and easy to do manner but sans the flying ball of
   cards.

   01.jpg

   What have you done to capture the unique feel of HoF in the boardgame?

   The feel of Hand Of Fate I think is two fold.

   First is the genre mash that is deck construction + turn based dungeon
   crawler.

   Hand Of Fate has an amazing and rich world that is told through the
   encounters you discover and the cards you earn. We wanted to bring out
   that emergent storytelling within the board game as well.

   The meat and potatoes of Hand Of Fate is a punishing and gruelling trek
   against the odds in which the player is constantly tempted to push
   their luck in order to claim victory.

   In Hand Of Fate: Ordeals you are still driven to push against the odds
   and take risks, but you also need to be doing this faster and better
   than your opponents.

   Oh. And you will probably die.

   Nice.

   Obviously, I've been tremendous to work with, but what has it been like
   running playtest sessions with some of the designers from Defiant?

   It's been great. Stepping into the offices for the first time kinda
   made everything real for me. Everyone at Defiant has been really eager
   to play it and they give great feedback. Having Morgan play and watch
   the game had been pretty intimidating, but luckily he is a nice guy.

   It is really interesting to see people so involved in the property get
   cards and be surprised and excited as they realise what they are or how
   we have tweaked things for Ordeals.

   How has the game changed between playtests? Which battle plans failed
   to survive contact with the enemy?

   How long do you want this interview to be? laughs The game has changed
   so many times. It never started with a board, we went through so many
   iterations of how to get cards. I would be very keen to show all the
   steps we went through once people have had a chance to see it.

   Last one: what's your favourite thing about the HoF boardgame? What is
   it that you personally can't wait for the audience to experience?

   I really like the bit where you get to draw cards. Drawing cards is
   just my favourite thing.

   Hehe.

   But really. The style of the game is what I like most. It's the
   combination of rogue-like and deckbuilder that I enjoy the most. Being
   able to change up, each game, what I will focus on building while
   trying out new card combinations.

   08.jpg

   Excellent. Is there anything else you think fans of Hand of Fate should
   know?

   I think that people should know that this game isn't just Hand Of Fate
   the board game. It really is its own thing. You can play this to get
   the same kind of experience as Hand Of Fate but also something new and
   interesting.

   Thanks so much, Michael. We'll have much more information on Hand of
   Fate: Ordeals soon!
   [border.png]
       facebook icon facebook icon facebook icon
       Latest Tweets
       Tweets by DefiantDev
       [footerlogo.png]
       Copyright 2016 Defiant Development
       Manage
