   #alternate travel audience » Feed travel audience » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

   travel audience
     * info@travelaudience.com
     * +49 (0)30 530 230 610

     * Home
     * Products
          + The winning formula
          + For publishers
          + For advertisers
          + travel audience meta connect
     * Resources
     * Careers
     * Blog
          + Tech
     * Contact

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

travel audience – Product Privacy Policy

   Summary of the processing of personal data

   Controller

   travel audience GmbH

   Purposes for which personal data is processed

   The data collected is processed by us for the purpose of displaying
   personalized advertising.

    Legal basis for the processing

   We will only process your personal data if we are entitled to do so by
   the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The legal bases are
   contained in Article 6 of the GDPR. We may process your personal data
   for example, when
     * you have given your consent to it, or
     * we have a legitimate interest in the processing.

   Recipients of personal data

   travel audience GmbH and all third parties with which personal data is
   shared

   Rights of those affected

   You are entitled to receive information about the personal data
   relating to you as well as to rectification or erasure or to limitation
   of the processing and a right of objection against the processing as
   well as the right to data portability. If you consented, you also have
   the right to revoke your consent at any time. The right also exists to
   lodge a complaint at a supervisory authority.

    Detailed and further information

   Further information is available below.

   LAST UPDATED – June 2019

1. About travel audience

   travel audience operates a data-driven travel advertising platform. Our
   platform connects performance-oriented advertisers with our network of
   publishers, reaching millions of travellers.

   Our data-driven travel advertising platform consists of three major
   components:
     * Our network of publishers, which are third-party websites using
       Travel Audience services to publish online advertisements on their
       webpages;
     * Our network of data partners, which are third-party websites
       providing us with data allowing us to improve our advertisement
       services; and
     * Our own demand-side-platform which allows us to provide end-to-end
       data-driven advertising solutions to advertisers.


   Name and Address of the Controller

   The Controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection
   Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states
   as well as other provisions under data protection law is:

   travel audience GmbH

   Elsenstraße 106

   12435 Berlin

   Germany

   T: +49 30 530 230 610

   E-Mail: privacy@travelaudience.com

   Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy please
   contact us by e-mail under the following address
   privacy@travelaudience.com

   Contact data of the data protection officer

   The data protection officer of travel audience GmbH can be reached by
   normal mail under Data protection officer, travel audience GmbH,
   Elsenstraße 106, 12435 Berlin, Germany or by e-mail
   at privacy@travelaudience.com


2. What are the purposes of this Product Privacy Policy?

   This Product Privacy Policy describes which information is collected
   and used in the context of digital advertising in general and which
   information we and our partners may collect, receive and use in
   connection with our Travel Audience products and services. Therefore,
   this Product Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect
   and use on our own website (accessible under the URL
   www.travelaudience.com). Please refer to our Website Privacy
   Policy which explains our practices in connection with personal
   information that we may collect through our website
   www.travelaudience.com.


3. What is digital advertising?

   Digital advertising, also called internet advertising, is used by
   businesses to leverage internet technologies to deliver promotional
   advertisements to consumers. Digital advertising includes promotional
   advertisements and messages delivered through email, social media
   networks, online advertising on search engines or in mobile apps,
   banner ads on mobile sites or websites and affiliates programs.


4. How does digital advertising work and what information is being collected?

   Our partners and ourselves use cookies, mobile device advertising
   identifiers and other similar tracking solutions to help us collect and
   store information about the users of websites, social media networks
   and mobile apps. This information is typically stored in the form of a
   user profile and connected to a series of characters, which we will
   refer to here as “User ID”. A User ID is not the name, email address or
   phone number of an individual. Indeed, on the basis of such User ID, we
   are not able to identify a certain natural person but are only able to
   recognize a certain browser or device.

   Cookies are an essential part of the internet environment and digital
   advertising. Cookies are small files that can be stored on computers to
   contain or communicate certain information. Cookies can for instance
   allow a website to automatically log users in to an online service or
   provide users with personalized advertising. Cookies can be deleted at
   any time from users’ browsers via the browser settings, as described
   below.

   Similarly, mobile device advertising identifiers can also be used to
   recognize a device and allow that user of that device to log in
   automatically to an online service as well as for other services and
   functionalities. Users can also reset the mobile device advertising
   identifier of their mobile device in the settings menu of their device,
   as also described below.

   The technologies our partners and we use may collect the following
   information about online user activity, for example:
     * Travel related information, such as search queries and booking
       information on our partner websites (for example origin,
       destination, number of passengers, hotel stars, duration, record
       locator, booking values, etc.) and other similar information
       relating to the use of websites and mobile applications of our
       partners;
     * Device and browser information, such as information relating to a
       mobile device or a browser (e.g. browser version, hardware model,
       operation system version and mobile network information);
     * Location-based information, such as approximate location
       information which we or our partners may infer if we are legally
       allowed to do so from information such as an IP address or GPS data
       or other online location-based information on which we or our
       partners sometimes rely on for the quality of our services; and
     * Browsing history, such as information regarding which websites or
       mobile apps users have visited or used.


5. Use and sharing of the data collected as part of digital advertising,
international data transfers and legal grounds for processing the data

   The data collected via our and our partners’ products and services are
   used exclusively for the purpose of improving the targeted
   advertisements services. This means the information we and our partners
   collect and receive is used to display personalized advertising that we
   believe is of real interest to the users, to settle accounts with our
   partners for advertising campaigns using our services, to analyze and
   improve our services (including for instance through cross-device /
   cross-browser matching; viewability measurements; brand safety
   features; fraud detection; creation of audiences which may be made
   available to customers on an anonymous basis), and to analyze the
   effect of our partners’ advertising campaigns.

   For such purpose and to the extent legally permitted, we might connect
   different collected data sources (from our partners or affiliates) to
   create user profiles in order to show the most relevant advertising to
   the user. Also with regard to such user profiles, we cannot identify a
   natural person on the basis of the information collected and used by
   us.

   The legal basis for processing the data for the aforementioned purpose
   is
     * the user has given its consent.
     * travel audiences legitimate business interests ; where personal
       data is processed for legitimate interests, the privacy impact on
       the individual whose data is being processed will be considered.

   We do not share the collected information with third parties, other
   than described in the following
    1. If we are legally allowed to do so, we may share information with
       other companies of the Amadeus Group, which likewise use the data
       for the purposes as described above only.
    2. Social Advertising: We might use social advertising platforms to
       reach users on these platforms to deliver personalized ads. In
       these cases, the privacy terms of these social advertising
       platforms are relevant for the user regarding the use of the
       information by such platforms.
    3. Supply Side Platforms (SSPs): We work with SSPs and might share
       cookie information with them. In this case we use a tracking script
       of these SSPs so they can set a cookie and provide us with bid
       requests for these relevant users.
    4. DSPs: We also work with and might push information into third party
       Demand Side Platforms (DSPs) like Google DBM, Pocketmath or others.

   It must also be noted that Travel Audience is a member of the
   Interactive Advertising Bureau, an international organization
   participating in the establishment of standards for the advertising
   industry (“IAB”). As such, Travel Audience abides by the IAB guidelines
   on conduct available at https://www.iab.com/guidelines/

   Please also note that travel audience’s subcontractors and/or its
   partners may store data collected outside of the European Economic
   Area. However, in such cases, travel audience ensures that such
   transfers are done in compliance with privacy regulations, for instance
   through the signature of EU Model Clauses of Privacy Shield
   certification if applicable.


6. What rights do users have concerning the data collected as part of digital
advertising?

   Due to the fact that we cannot identify a natural person on the basis
   of the information collected and used by us, we are not able to answer
   requests from individual users which information we hold about them or
   to comply with a request to delete information relating to a certain
   individual. However, users have the automated capability to ensure that
   they do not receive display advertising personalized by us in the
   future. We explain how this works below.


7. How can a user ensure that he/she does not receive personalized display
advertising from travel audience?

   7.1 Cookie Settings in the Browser

   In order to prevent browser-based personalized advertising, users can
   change the cookie settings in their browser so that cookies are no
   longer stored. They will thus prevent the cookies needed for
   retargeting from being placed on their computer. To that end, they must
   change the appropriate browser settings. The specific settings can
   differ depending on the browser used.
     * Microsoft Internet Explorer, the relevant instructions can be found
       at https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-
       explorer-delete-manage-cookies
     * For Mozilla Firefox, you will find the relevant instructions
       at https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-
       website-preferences
     * For Google Chrome, you will find the relevant instructions
       at https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform
       %3DDesktop&hl=en
     * For Safari, you will find the relevant instructions
       at https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=de_DE&viewlocale=en_
       US

   For other browsers, or in case the displayed links do not lead to the
   desired result, then further information will usually be found by
   entering the name and manufacturer of the browser and the terms
   “cookies” and “settings” in an Internet search engine.

   It must be noted that certain website services that require the
   processing of cookies (such as certain shopping carts on ecommerce
   sites) may no longer work if cookies are blocked.

   7.2 Cookie Opt-Out

   Users may furthermore inform us that they no longer want personalized
   advertising provided by us by activating the following button icon.

   Your current cookie status:

   Please keep in mind that in this case we will set a cookie that
   contains information indicating that the user do not wish to receive
   advertising personalized by us through retargeting. When a user
   deactivates the acceptance of cookies (see above) in his/her browser or
   when he/she deletes the cookies, we will no longer be able to know that
   he/she does not want any retargeting. In this case, he/she will have to
   reactivate the aforementioned button icon, thereby ensuring that the
   relevant cookie is permanently stored. The same applies when a user
   uses a browser other than the one he/she are currently using.

   7.3 Opt-Out on Mobile Devices

   An opt-out of cookies as described above regarding browser-based
   personalized advertising may not prevent personalized advertising on a
   user’s mobile device. In order to opt out of personalized mobile
   advertising, users can reset the mobile device advertising identifier
   of their mobile device in the settings menu of their device. More
   information on how to do this can be found here:
   https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.

   It must be noted that we may still display advertising to such users
   following their opt-out, but that the selection of such advertisement
   will no longer be based on data collected through tracking mechanisms.


8. Retention of personal data

   We retain personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes
   it was collected for including for the purposes of satisfying any
   legal, accounting or reporting requirements.

   We delete or anonymize personal data collected via our cookies after 13
   months. Our cookies reset automatically if the expiration time of 13
   months after the last touch point is reached or the user manually
   deletes the cookie.


9. Changes to our products and services

   We may change our products and services or use new technologies. We
   will then publish an updated version of this Product Privacy Policy on
   our website as well as on other appropriate websites. We therefore
   recommend that you occasionally view the most recent version of the
   Product Privacy Policy on our website if you would like to know what
   information we record and how we use them.


10. Right to lodge a complaint at a supervisory authority

   Irrespective of any other legal remedy under administrative law or in
   court you are entitled to the right to lodge a complaint at a
   supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your
   habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged
   infringement if you consider are of the opinion that the processing of
   the personal data relating to you breaches the GDPR.

   The supervisory authority, at which the complaint was lodged, will
   inform the complainant about the status and the results of the
   complaint including the possibility of a legal remedy in court
   according to Art. 78 GDPR.


11. Contact us

   If you have any questions on how we collect and use information with
   our products and services or want to learn more about our technology,
   please send us an email to privacy@travelaudience.com

   travel audience is the world's leading data-driven travel advertising
   platform
   bvdw iab-logo

Address:

   travel audience GmbH
   Elsenstraße 106
   12435 Berlin
   Germany
   +49 (0) 30 530 230 610
   info@travelaudience.com

Legal Notice / Impressum:

   Managing Director:
   Ivan Kusalic
   Commercial Court:
   Berlin Charlottenburg
   Commercial Registration Number:
   HRB 163796 B
   VAT-ID: DE 279 410 930

Contact:

   Contact Us
   Website – Terms & Conditions
   Website – Privacy Policy
   Website – Cookie List
     *
     *
     *
     *
   #alternate travel audience » Feed travel audience » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

   travel audience
     * info@travelaudience.com
     * +49 (0)30 530 230 610

     * Home
     * Products
          + The winning formula
          + For publishers
          + For advertisers
          + travel audience meta connect
     * Resources
     * Careers
     * Blog
          + Tech
     * Contact

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * travel_audience_sail
       Reach millions of travelers
     * travel_audience_landing_plane
       Reach millions of travelers
     * travel_audience_paddle
       Reach millions of travelers

   travel audience is the world’s leading data-driven travel advertising
   platform.

   Our platform connects the leading performance-oriented advertisers with
   the biggest network of publishers, reaching millions of travelers.

   We reach millions of travelers

   Publishers need to deliver value to their audiences, and monetize their
   inventory without harming the user experience. Advertisers want to
   reach their potential customers and look for effective ways to reach
   specific audiences. And travelers, they love to find the offer they
   were looking for and book what they fall in love with.

   This is what we do. We reach millions of travelers and fuel the travel
   advertising ecosystem with our platform.

Our partners

   We serve more than 300 advertising partners, such as airlines, online
   travel agencies, hospitality groups, destination marketing
   organizations and other vendors of travel products. Our platform
   generates up-to-date travel offers automatically and efficiently. These
   offers are target audience specific, dynamic and scalable, and are
   displayed to users of our publisher network.

   Our Premium Publisher Network consists of more than 500 travel
   publishers, including online travel agencies, metasearch sites and
   travel sites, who publish third-party content in the form of native
   advertising. Moreover, we have more than 1000 travel specific private
   market place deals with the biggest publishers, as a base for
   data-driven display advertising in all IAB formats on desktop, mobile
   and video.
   travel audience plane take off

Our platform

   Our data-driven travel advertising platform consists of two
   major components:

   The Premium Publisher Network publishes third-party content via native
   advertising and our own demand-side-platform provides end-to-end
   data-driven advertising solutions to our partners.

   We leverage machine learning to identify when people search for trips,
   when they book and above all, when it makes sense to show them offers
   of our partners.

   We optimize advertising across the entire traveler journey, identify
   and create new audiences, and increase our partners reach, relevance
   and booking volumes.
   turkey_home
   logo_binoli_main
   hong_kong_tourism_logo
   travel_scout
   idealo_flug_logo

Partner Testimonials

     It is great to have such a professional and committed team of travel
     advertsing experts monitoring the performance and providing us with
     detailed feedback, [...] and we look forward to connecting to new
     partners.

Tatiana Shirokova

   On-line Agents & Metas @ Icelandair

     The partnership will be great for all parties involved! We offer
     flights to anywhere and everywhere [...]. The sky is really the
     limit with the different tourism boards we can work with through
     travel audience.

   Natalie Arney

Natalie Arney

   SEO Manager @ Alternative Airlines

     We receive free high-quality traffic and it is converting very well.
     Naturally we are happy about every new destination partner travel
     audience adds to their growing Destination Advertising Ecosystem.

   Marijn Prijs

Marijn Prijs

   Senior SEA Specialist @ TIX.nl

     Next to increasing exposure with the co-branded campaigns, we are
     able to strengthen our brand and inspire our users with great
     destinations from the travel audience Destination Advertising
     Ecosystem.

   Beatriz Oficialdegui

Beatriz Oficialdegui

   Marketing Director @ Destinia

     travel audience’s volume of assisted bookings is essential for us.
     Through this partnership, we are able to constantly scale our
     international expansion strategy while staying below our CPO goal.

   Matthias Knobloch Condor

Matthias Knobloch

   B2C Marketing Manager @ Condor Airlines

     We attracted nearly 1,200 new visitors to our beautiful country. The
     campaign generated valuable insights into
     travelers from Germany and also helped us gain strategic information
     about competing destinations.

   jyrki oksanan visit finland

Jyrki Oksanen

   Marketing Representative @ Business Finland

     We are very happy partners of the growing network of travel audience
     MetaConnect. The amount of conversions has increased by 400% and we
     are looking forward to connecting more meta searchers.

   tiago_phillimore

Tiago Phillimore

   Head Digital Commerce & Innovation @ TAP Portugal

     We are very pleased to work with travel audience and highly
     appreciate our joint success in promoting Tatarstan as a tourist
     destination not only for Russian but also for foreign tourists.

   Aigul Balakhontseva

Aigul Balakhontseva

   Head of Department @ Tourism of the Republic of Tatarstan

     It is a pleasure to collaborate with the team at travel audience.
     They share our mission of providing the best possible service and
     results to the client and are able to provide valuable insights
     throughout the campaign.

   Jordan Coutault KR MEDIA

Jordan Coutault

   Account Director @ KR MEDIA

     travel audience enables our brand to reach our active targets and
     generate incremental sales. By working on day to day acquisition
     campaigns they contribute to help us growing in the French market.

   Fanny James - Transavia

Fanny James

   Online Acquisition Manager @ Transavia

     travel audience complement our content perfectly, allowing us to
     maximise our full revenue potential. Their ads perform twice as well
     on certain landing pages compared to other advertising partners.

Alessandra Di Lorenzo

   CCO - Media & Partnerships @ lastminute.com group

     travel audience's programmatic campaign has been a tremendous
     success so far [...] We will continue our partnership and are
     excited to see how we can build on these initial achievements in the
     future.

Hinako Uehara

   @ Okinawa Convention & Visitors Bureau

     We are happy with the results and looking forward to continue our
     collaboration. The long tail concept has been fully accomplished,
     since the number of tourists visiting Hong Kong continues to rise.

   Anton Melnikov

Anton Melnikov

   Representative @ Hong Kong Tourism Board

     The optimization of the online marketing mix [via 3rd party customer
     journey tracking] led to a much better use of the budget, and we
     significantly increased traffic, conversions and reach with travel
     audience.

Timo Baumgarten

   Online Marketing Partner Manager @ Thomas Cook AG

     travel audience met the challenge head on and created a campaign
     that fit our strategy and needs. We worked closely together as
     partners, with a great success [...] and gained an incredible 8,164
     new visitors.

   maria mendez castro

María Méndez Castro

   Managing Director @ Canary Islands tourism board

     From the very beginning of our cooperation, travel audience has been
     a constant source of high quality leads over the last years. We are
     very happy with the proactive team and our cooperation.

   michael_gross_travelzoo_travel_audience_testimonial

Michael Groß

   Marketing Manager @ Travelzoo

     The Premium Publisher Network of travel audience is exactly the
     travel advertising environment we need to reach our target audience
     and inspire new travelers with our destination.

Beate Zwermann

   Managing Director @ Galapagos PRO

     travel audience team is sophisticated, experienced, eager to help
     and friendly. They truly offer custom-tailored solutions to
     marketing challenges and dedicate all the time and effort needed to
     achieve our campaign goals.

   fatih_cigal_turkish_airlines

Fatih Cigal

   Vice President Central & East Europe @ Turkish Airlines Inc.

     MetaConnect has worked well for momondo group, and we’re happy they
     are proceeding from beta phase. Once set-up, it’s an easy
     plug’n’play solution for us as a meta search and we hope to see many
     more airlines on board.

   bibi_laegaard_momondo

Bibi Lægaard

   VP, EMEA Flights @ KAYAK

     We monetize our inventory better with travel audience because their
     contextualized native-ads generate more clicks [...] Our performance
     is much better, with an average increase in the click rate of 35%.

Thomas Sauzedde

   Chief Operating Officer @ Routard.com

     Thanks to their efficient campaign management and their precise
     targeting, travel audience acquired a great volume of high quality
     leads, allowing us to maintain our position as french market leader.

   Marie Houdusse

Marie Houdusse

   Email & Display Manager @ Voyage Privé

     travel audience analysis and understanding of the travel market,
     combined with their expertise and extreme targeting quality are
     unrivaled […] and overachieved our forecast by 17%.

   Ferda Kertmelioğlu

Ferda Kertmelioğlu

   CEO @ Pangea Digital

Get in touch with us

   Do you want to reach millions of travelers? Do you want to
   increase your bottom line profits? Do you want to find out more about a
   particular job opening? Please reach out and we would love to tell you
   more.
   Get in touch with us

   travel audience is the world's leading data-driven travel advertising
   platform
   bvdw iab-logo

Address:

   travel audience GmbH
   Elsenstraße 106
   12435 Berlin
   Germany
   +49 (0) 30 530 230 610
   info@travelaudience.com

Legal Notice / Impressum:

   Managing Director:
   Ivan Kusalic
   Commercial Court:
   Berlin Charlottenburg
   Commercial Registration Number:
   HRB 163796 B
   VAT-ID: DE 279 410 930

Contact:

   Contact Us
   Website – Terms & Conditions
   Website – Privacy Policy
   Website – Cookie List
     *
     *
     *
     *
