   REFRESH(0 sec): https://www.skialacarte.fr/FrontOffice/


   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PLGSPKB

   Ugly hack to prevent previous anchor to propagate due to SVG tag
   (BUTTON)
     * Benefits
     * How it works
     * Price list

   Log in
   [English]

   I choose my favorite resort
   to order my pass!

   Logo Grand Massif
   Skillico
   Logo La Plagne
   Ski à la Carte
   Logo Les Arcs
   Ski à la Carte
   Logo Peisey Vallandry
   Ski à la Carte
   Logo Serre Chevalier Vallée
   Holiski
   Logo Tignes
   Tignes à la carte
   Logo Val d'Isère
   A la Carte
   Logo Les 2 Alpes
   Carte Easy

Benefits

   Unconditional discounts No queue at the cash desks Only pay for the
   days you ski Loyalty bonus Sponsor your friends Ski resorts partners

   Regardless of the resort you chose, "Ski à la Carte" subscription
   allows you to benefit from permanent discounts on your ski days in all
   ski areas of the network: Every day of the season, from 10% and to 15%
   off the price of an adult day pass , and up to 40% off on Saturdays for
   some ski areas.

   Furthermore, you benefit from frequent promotional days up to 50% off.
   View all ski resorts' daily prices in the PRICE LIST section of the
   website.

   Once subscripted, go on one of the resorts in the network and go
   directly to your favorite slopes, - no need to queue to the ski-pass
   offices-.

   With the "ski à la carte" system, you no longer need to buy a
   predetermined number of skiing days in advance: you only pay for the
   days you actually ski and the payments are not debited until the 5th of
   the following month.

   More you ski with your skipass, more you will get €1 ski days: the 9th,
   14th, 19th, 24th, day's skiing will only be invoiced at €1*!

   * Except specific prices terms

   Do you know other limitless ski lovers? Recommend the "Ski à la Carte"
   pass to them! For each friend who signs up at your recommendation, you
   receive a bonus, deducted from your favorite ski resort's next invoice.
   Thanks to you, your friends will get a special discount on their
   subscription.

   Furthermore, sponsorship has a snowball effect: you also earn one bonus
   for every skier registered simultaneously on your friend's account.
   Example: recommend a friend who takes out 3 subscriptions for himself,
   his wife, and his child and receive three bonuses.

   Want to sponsor somebody? Log in your account, and go to the section
   "My sponsorship".

   Discover other Tarentaise ski areas!
     * Sainte Foy Tarentaise
     * Valmorel Le Grand Domaine
     * La Rosière Espace San Bernardo

   Offer you a 15% discount on the standard adult day pass rate (public
   rates including VAT), on presentation of your card. A passage to the
   ski-pass office is required to purchase your skipass.

How it works

   I create an account and buy a subscription

   I receive my skipass (and those of my friends & family) or I collect it
   at the ski resorts’ desks

   I go skiing without queuing at the cash desks

   I pay my ski days at preferential rates, the following month

   My subscription is renewed every year, unless I decide to cancel it

PRICE LIST

SUBSCRIPTIONS RATES

   Subscriptions rates, available for winter season, are following:
     * Adult rate (18 - 64 years old) and Junior by himself: 29 €
     * Junior rate (less than 18 years old): free when purchased in
       conjunction with at least one adult (18 - 64 years old)
       subscription in the same account.
     * Senior citizen rate (65 and over): 15 €


   Age at subscription.


SKI DAYS RATES

   The “Ski à la carte” daily rate is a flat rate (no discount for
   children or seniors).
   Each of the “Ski à la carte” network’s ski resorts offers specific
   discounts on its standard adult day pass .
   Use our price simulator and view the daily rate for each ski area in
   the network.
   You will automatically benefit from a preferential rate.
   Favorite ski resort [Favorite ski resort__]
   First ski day
   ____________________
   Last ski day
   ____________________
   Search
   Values

   Secure payment logo-cb logo-visa logo-mastercard logo-american-express
   logo-sepa

   FAQ Site map Contact Legal notice Standard Terms and Conditions

   [arrow-top.png.xhtml?ln=theme-normal]
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PLGSPKB

   Ugly hack to prevent previous anchor to propagate due to SVG tag
   (BUTTON)
   Log in
   [English]

Legal notice


   WEBSITE LEGAL NOTICE

   1. SITE EDITOR

   CDA DOMAINES SKIABLES

   Simplified joint-stock company (Société par actions simplifiée à
   associé unique) with a capital of EUR 298,531,100.00

   Headquarter: 50/52, boulevard Haussmann -75009 Paris - FRANCE

   Registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Registry under No. 477 855
   787

   Tel : +33(0)1.46.84.88.00

   Email: contact@skialacarte.fr

   Intra-Community VAT No.: FR08 477 855 787

   Mailing address: CDA DOMAINES SKIABLES - 137, rue François Guise -
   73000 Chambéry - FRANCE


   2. PUBLISHING DIRECTOR

   David PONSON, Chief Executive


   3. SITE HOST

   Société Compagnie des Alpes

   50/52, bd Haussmann

   75009 Paris  FRANCE

   Tel : +33 (0)1 46 84 88 00

   Email: communication@compagniedesalpes.fr

   Webiste: http://compagniedesalpes.com


   4. DESIGNERS AND DEVELOPERS

   CAP GEMINI TECHNOLOGY SERVICES

   Headquarter:  5 / 7 rue Frédéric Clavel -  92150 Suresnes - FRANCE

   Tel. : +33(0) 1 49 00 40 00

   Site internet : https://www.capgemini.com/fr-fr/


   5. CREDITS

   Texts : CDA Domaines Skiables Group

   The companies of CDA Domaines Skiables Group to which belongs the
   publishing company of the present web site and her member subsidiaries
   of the Ski à la carte network (the "Operator(s)") have their own legal
   existence and have an autonomous legal entity. However, in the present
   note, the term CDA Domaines Skiables Group is used to indicate the
   publishing company of the site and/or her subsidiaries


   CONDITIONS FOR WEBSITE USE

   By consulting this web site, you accept without reserve the following
   conditions of use:


   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

   The set of the information, the documents and the resources available
   on the site www.skialacarte.fr (the "Site") as well as all the created
   elements for the Site are the property of the CDA Domaines Skiables
   Group or are the object of a right of use, an exploitation, a
   reproduction and a right of representation. These elements are of the
   French legislation on the copyright and the intellectual property.

   No license, and no other right, safe that to consult the information,
   is conferred on anyone with regard to intellectual property rights.

   The reproduction, the use, the modification, the download, the
   transmission, the publication the exploitation of photos, images,
   plans, videos, texts, extractions of database, elements of graphic
   design and as a general rule all the elements of publication of the
   Site, in some form, by some medium and whatever purpose it is, is
   forbidden without the agreement of the holder of intellectual property
   rights.

   The failure to respect this ban establishes(constitutes) a
   forgery(imitation) sanctioned(punished) by articles L 335-2 and
   following ones of the Code of the intellectual property.

   By exception, documents provided you with in your personal account can
   be downloaded and used for personal use exclusively.

   The marks(brands) and the logos appearing on the Site are registered
   trademarks. Any total or partial reproduction of these marks(brands) or
   logos, made from the elements of the Site without the express and
   written authorization of their holders, is thus prohibited the
   sense(direction) of the article L 713-2 of the Code of the intellectual
   property.


   PERSONAL DATA

   The personal data collected through this website are subject to process
   to:
     * Create and Manage your personal account (Subscriber account
       allowing to manage your subscriptions and your Beneficiaries and to
       reach information about usage of your Beneficiaries, services,
       invoices,…). This processing is established on your consent;
     * Manage your order. This processing Is necessary for the execution
       of the contract of membership(support) concluded between the
       Developer and you when you subscribe to Ski à la carte;
     * To send you commercial offers, newsletters and satifaction surveys
       if you subscribed to Ski à la carte. This processing is established
       on the justifiable interest of the Developer to develop its
       activities.

   The fields marked with an asterisk must be filled in to allow CDA
   Domaines Skiables Group to realize processes mentioned above.

   The processingis made under the responsibility of every Operator beside
   of whom you signed your membership ; address and phone number of
   which(coordinates of which) appear below:
     * Domaine Skiable de Serre Chevalier

   SCV Domaine Skiable (SCV), Patrick Arnaud, Managing Director - Place du
   Téléphérique, Le Serre d’Aigle, Chantemerle, 05330 Saint Chaffrey.
     * Domaine Skiable des Arcs - Peisey Vallandry

   ADS, Frédéric Charlot, Managing Director - Chalet des Villards, Arc
   1800, 73700 Bourg-Saint-Maurice.
     * Domaine Skiable de la Plagne

   Société d’Aménagement de la station de La Plagne (SAP), Nicolas
   Provendie, Managing Director - La Cembraie-Plagne Centre-73210 La
   Plagne Tarentaise.
     * Domaine Skiable du Grand Massif

   Grand Massif Domaines Skiables (GMDS), Pascal Tournier, Managing
   Director - Téléphérique de Flaine, Grandes Platrières, 74300
   Araches-la-Frasse.
     * Domaine Skiable de Tignes-Val d’Isère

   Société des Téléphériques de Val d’Isère (STVI), Olivier Simonin,
   Managing Director - Gare centrale des téléphériques, 73150 Val d’Isère.

   Société des Téléphériques de la Grande Motte (STGM), Pascal Abry,
   Managing Director - Gare de la Grande Motte, Lieu-dit le Val Claret,
   73320 Tignes.
     * Domaine Skiable des Deux Alpes

   Deux Alpes Loisirs (DAL), Antoine Pirio, Managing Director - Immeuble
   Le Meijotel, 38860 Mont-de-Lans.


   The addresses of the collected data are the companies of CDA Domaines
   Skiables Group and Third-party subcontractors the intervention of which
   is necessary for the realization of technical services(performances),
   transactions(deals), debt collection, etc.

   Data collected are stored for the following durations:
     * Data collected to manage your order : five years from date of
       collection if the amount of the order is less than 120 € TTC, ten
       years from date of collection if the amount of the order is equal
       or higher to 120 € including VAT;

   By exception, the number of bank card and its date of validity as well
   as the data relative to the SDD mandate SEPA are stored:
     * until the termination of your membership(support), as regards a
       subscription with tacit renewal;
     * nd, in any case, 15 months after the last debit(flow) for purposes
       of proof in case of contesting of the transaction(deal),

   The visual cryptogram is not stored beyond the transaction ;
     * Data collected to send you sales offers, satisfaction surveys or
       newsletters: during 3 years as from their collection; in the term
       of this period, these data are kept for a new period of 3 years if
       you agree to continue to receive these messages on behalf of CDA
       Domaines Skiables Group;
     * Data collected to manage your personnal account : until the
       termination of the account.

   You have the right to reach the data concerning you, to make them
   rectify or erase, to transfer them or to make them transfer to a
   third-party, to obtain the limitation from it of the
   treatment(processing) or to set you against this treatment. The CDA
   Domaines Skiables Group will conform to your request subject to the
   respect for legal obligations which fall to her.

   Concerning treatments based on the consent, you have the right to
   remove at any time this consent. The withdrawal of your consent does
   not alloca) the lawfulness of the treatment made before this
   withdrawal.

   You can implement these rights by contacting us in address and phone
   number indicated to the section "Contact" below.

   In a concern of confidentiality and protection of your personal data,
   CDA Domaines Skiables Group has to be capable of verifying your
   identity to answer your request. For that purpose, you have to contact,
   in support of any request of exercise of the rights mentioned above,
   the photocopy of a title of identity mentioning your date and your
   place of birth and carrying your signature and it is true according to
   statutory provisions

   N 78-17 of January 6th, 1978 said "Data protection acts" modified, of
   the article 92 of the decree of October 20th, 2005 taken for the
   application of this law, and the European regulation 2016/679 of April
   27th, 2016 concerning the protection of the physical persons towards
   the personal data processing and concerning the free circulation of
   these data.

   Finally, you have the right to send a complaint to the CNIL if you
   think that your rights have not been respected. The contact details for
   the CNIL are as follows: Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des
   Libertés, 3 place de Fontenoy, TSA 80715, 75334 Paris Cedex 07, France
   – Tel. : +33 (0)1 53 73 22 22 – Fax : +33 (0)1 53 73 22 00 – Website:
   https://www.cnil.fr/fr/plaintes.


   HYPERTEXTS LINKS

   Hypertexts links towards this website is authorized, under conditions
   that:
     * The pages of this Web site are not imbricated inside the pages of
       another site, but are accessible(approachable) entirely in a new
       window;
     * The information appearing on this Site is not used for commercial
       purposes;
     * The web site from which a hypertext link is established does not
       spread information with polemical, pornographic, xenophobic
       character, being able to strike the sensibility of the public or
       strike a blow just like the CDA Domaines Skiables Group or in that
       of the companies which are affiliated to her.

   CDA Domaines Skiables Group saves itself the faculty to remove at any
   time and without having to justify the authorization so given.


   COOKIES

   What are cookies?

   Cookies are small amounts of data installed on the User's computer by a
   website.


   Why do websites use cookies?

   Web pages have no memory. When the User navigates from page to page on
   the same website, it will not be recognized as one single person on
   these pages. Cookies allow recognition of the User's browsing. They are
   mainly used to remember User choices and preferences (such as language
   or currency), or to recognize the User when browsing again on the same
   site.


   Do all cookies have the same function?

   No, there are different types of cookies, which have different
   functions. Cookies are distinguished by their role and validity, as
   well as by the third parties that put them on a website.


   How does the Site Editor use cookies?

   When the User connects to the Site, the Editor is required to install
   various cookies in the User's network to recognize the network browser
   during the validity period of the cookie concerned. The Editor uses the
   following cookies:


   Technical cookies: The Editor strives to offer Users an accessible and
   functional website that adapts to their wishes and needs. For this
   reason, the Editor uses technical cookies for the Site's display and to
   ensure proper functioning. Cookies are also used so the User can create
   an account, log in, sign out and review his/her orders.These technical
   cookies are absolutely essential for the Site's proper functioning.

   Functional cookies: Functional cookies allow the Editor to remember the
   User's preferences and help him/her effectively use the Site. For
   example, they remember the currency, language, and research that the
   User has already done.These functional cookies are not essential to the
   proper functioning of the site, but they offer additional features and
   provide a more user-friendly website.

   Analytical cookies: The Editor uses cookies to observe how Users browse
   through the site, find out what works and what doesn't, optimize and
   improve the Site, and to ensure that they are consistently offering
   interesting and appropriate services. The Editor collects the following
   data: the pages the User views, opens or leaves, the type of platform
   he/she uses, the date and time, as well as information such as the
   number of clicks on a given page, mouse movements, page scrolling and
   search terms that the User uses on the Site.The Editor particularly
   uses Google Analytics.

   These analytical cookies require the preliminary collection of your
   consent.

   The data collected by cookies are stored during a maximal duration of
   13 months as from your first visit of the Site.

   You can accept or refuse cookies by modifying the parameters of your
   Internet browser. Nevertheless, if you deactivate totally or partially
   cookies, your navigation on this Site risks to be limited and certain
   features can be inaccessible..

   The management of the parameters is different according to the sailors.
   It is described in the menu of help of the sailor, which will allow you
   to know how to how modify your wishes regarding cookies. You can so
   choose at any time to express and to modify your wishes regarding
   cookies, by the ways described below:

   For    Internet Explorer™

   For    Safari™

   For    Chrome™

   For    Firefox™

   For    Opera™


   RESPONSABILITE

   The responsibility of the CDA Domaines Skiables Group could not be
   committed by the fact in particular:
     * Of the temporary inaccessibility of this Site because of operations
       of maintenance;
     * Of a dysfunction of the internet network having an incidence on the
       access to this Site. In this respect, you declare to know and to
       accept the technical and functional characteristics, as well as the
       limits of the internet network (regarding access, regarding
       availability, regarding congestion, regarding failure, regarding
       saturation, regarding transit time, of time of answer to show,
       consult, question or transfer data, interruption, absence of
       protection of certain data against diversions or hacking, of risk
       of contamination by a virus, etc.) ;
     * Of a dysfunction or a misuse of your terminal and quite different
       equipment used to reach this Site;
     * Of the supply of erroneous, incomplete or deceitful information
       from you;
     * Of the defect, the loss, the delay or the error of data
       transmission, independent from the will of the CDA Domaines
       Skiables Group;
     * Of the content of the information appearing on the sites towards
       which this Site sends back by hypertext links;
     * Of a violation of the present conditions of use from you.


   CONTACT

   Any request about your personal data have to be sent:
     * By letter: CDA DS – Service Protection DCP Ski à la Carte – 137 rue
       François Guise 73000 Chambéry France
     * By email: privacy@skialacarte.fr

   Any other request have to be sent:
     * By letter: CDA DS – Ski à la Carte – 137 rue François Guise 73000
       Chambéry France
     * By email: contact@skialacarte.fr ; or
     * By tel, to Ski à la Carte Customer Service: 33.(04)-79-75-36-15 (no
       over-rate)

   Secure payment logo-cb logo-visa logo-mastercard logo-american-express
   logo-sepa

   FAQ Site map Contact Legal notice Standard Terms and Conditions

   [arrow-top.png.xhtml?ln=theme-normal]
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PLGSPKB

   Ugly hack to prevent previous anchor to propagate due to SVG tag
   (BUTTON)
   Log in
   [English]

Access Denied

   It seems that you are not allowed to access this resource. Please
   verify you are still online or you are granted with the corresponding
   rights. Contact an administrator if this error occurs again.

   Secure payment logo-cb logo-visa logo-mastercard logo-american-express
   logo-sepa

   FAQ Site map Contact Legal notice Standard Terms and Conditions

   [arrow-top.png.xhtml?ln=theme-normal]
