   #next twochubbycubs » Feed twochubbycubs » Comments Feed

twochubbycubs

600 Slimming World recipes: with added sass and humour!

Menu

   Skip to content
     * Home
     * about us
     * all our slimming world recipes
     * follow and share
     * our favourite things
     * our musclefood deals
     * overnight oats – a collection
     * Slimming World FAQ
     * the twochubbycubs guide to airfryers

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   October 1, 2019

   Posted under
   recipe card

   Comments
   Leave a comment

we are coming in your ears

   Ooh, matron.

   Paul here – just to let you saucepots know that we have had the
   absolute pleasure to appear on a special bonus episode of ‘The Secret
   World of Slimming Clubs’ podcast! You can listen to it right now on
   Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.  Click on their mushes below
   to go straight to their Facebook page, and don’t forget to tell them we
   sent you! And also while you’re there don’t forget to subscribe –
   you’ll get a fabulous episode every week full of the trials and
   tribulations of a weigh-in class and it’s an absolute hoot! Put a towel
   down first, mind, because you will piss yourself.
   Image may contain: 3 people, people smiling, text

   The Secret World of Slimming Clubs

   [INS: :INS]
   Print

pumpkin spice overnight oats

   Prep 5 mins

   Total 5 mins

   Author twochubbycubs, basic edition

   Yield 2 servings

   Really, all pumpkin spice is a delicate blend of ground cinnamon,
   nutmeg, ginger, cloves, and sometimes mixed spice. Naturally, there's
   bot-all delicate about us here at twochubbycubs, so we've thrown in
   what we think tastes good.

   Pumpkin puree is easy to find in supermarkets now - you'll find it in
   the baking aisle - but if you can't, swap it out for a crushed up
   ginger nut. Don't forget to syn it though, else I'm calling Mags.

Ingredients

   To make two:
     * four tablespoons of pumpkin puree on the bottom (syn-free) mixed
       with a tablespoon of honey (2.5 syns) - if you can use the honey
       flavoured with cinnamon, all the better
     * 100g of porridge oats (2 x HEB)
     * toffee flavoured yoghurt (make a syn-free or low-syn choice)
     * lighter squirty cream (25g) (look, I just put a good squirt in
       each, I don’t care) (3 syns)
     * pinch of ginger, cinnamon and ginger

   This makes enough for two, so let's call it 2.5 syns each and we'll
   tell no-one about that extra half syn sneaking in.

Instructions

     * make the bottom layer by mixing your pumpkin puree with honey and
       spooning it into your glasses
     * mix together your yoghurt and oats with just the smallest pinch of
       the spices
     * pop it into your glass and, at this point, either chill it straight
       away or use a chopstick to lightly stir the two layers together
     * when ready to eat, top with squirty cream and a pinch of the spices

   When you are eating this, get a bloody spoon in there and mix
   everything together before you do. It's filling and lovely but works
   best all mixed in.

Notes

     * ginger nuts make for a decent swap for the pumpkin puree, though
       watch those syns
     * we use Baking Buddy pumpkin puree from Tesco - syn free
     * remember, we have lots more recipes in our upcoming cookbook -
       click here to order!

   Courses breakfast

   Cuisine twochubbycubs

   Yum right? Hmm. Anyway! You want more overnight oats perhaps? Let us go
   down the rabbit-hole!
     * strawberries and cream overnight oats (1.5 syns)
     * rhubard and custard overnight oats (0.5 syns)
     * apple pie overnight oats (1.5 syns)
     * carrot cake overnight oats (2 syns)
     * lemon meringue overnight oats (3 syns)
     * chocolate orange overnight oats (3.5 syns)
     * cranachan (4 syns)
     * cookies ‘n’ cream overnight oats (4 syns)

   Enjoy!

   J

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   September 16, 2019

   Posted under
   airfryer, recipe card

   Comments
   Leave a comment

Actifry salmon and dill croquettes

   Howdo!

   Part two of our Hamburg trip coming up on the next post, but first, a
   new recipe for all of you out there sat with an Actifry and wanting
   some inspiration. Just to be clear, this is a sponsored post (in that
   we get paid oodles of delicious money to post a recipe) but as usual,
   it doesn’t change our recommendations or suggestions. Regular readers
   will know we’ve been recommending the Actifry for years now, so it’s
   not as though we’re just doing it for the money. We work hard for the
   money. So hard for the money.

   Quick detour first (because it’s us!) – we’re just back from the most
   fabulous wedding of a very close friend and some brass he picked up in
   Wolverhampton. I’m joking, her name is Sarah, she’s gorgeous, and her
   Band of Gold years have long since passed her by. She works hard for
   the money, so hard for the money. You may recollect we don’t have good
   form with weddings – we fell asleep for the entirety of our
   last-but-one, and the last wedding ended up with us being
   interrupted in flagrante by a burst of Gina G. The last thing you need
   when you’re at Billy Mill roundabout is her caterwauling away about
   wanting a little bit more. Don’t we all love.

   It was a fantastic time though. I usually prefer to solemnity and cheer
   of a good funeral (plus black is terribly slimming on the husky
   gentleman) but this wedding won me over: anything with a six course
   meal and a room full of rugby players will tend to do that to me. I
   kept being mistaken for the groom: not an insult by any stretch given
   that he’s six foot of muscle, beard, twinkling eyes and has buttocks
   like the Mitchell Brothers hugging in a storm. That came to a head when
   I woke up next to his wife and she was pre-emptively piddling on a
   pregnancy test. Unless that baby comes out high-kicking its legs and
   wearing a sash, it isn’t mine.

   Finally, does anyone know whether it is actually true that if you stand
   up and say something – even as a joke – during the service, they have
   to stop and wait for thirty days? I was itching to stand up and explain
   that the groom and I had been having a long, passionate affair
   punctuated by moments of brutal tenderness, but I didn’t want to upset
   the bride / my husband / my readership.

   Anyway, enough of that. Let’s get to the sponsored bit. Actifry have
   asked us to take part in their second spin class, where you spin the
   wheel, choose a recipe from their (genuinely very good) app and make it
   for our adoring public. We were happy to oblige, and thankfully, the
   wheel finally landed on a recipe that was easy to adapt for our
   slimming audience. These wee salmon and dill croquettes are a doddle to
   make in the Actifry, but even if you don’t want one, whack them in the
   oven instead. We won’t tell. We served these with some leftover yoghurt
   mixed with tartare sauce and a load of capers because we’re fancy (and
   want the space in the cupboard back). Let’s get to it!

   I’ll say this though. We’ve been using our Actifry for years, mainly
   for chips because: obesity, but it’s genuinely our favourite kitchen
   gadget we own. It does exactly what it is supposed to do, with minimal
   fuss. It doesn’t leave your kitchen stinking of fat and it’s easy to
   keep clean, given all but the base can go in the dishwasher. It’s like
   the antithesis of Paul. There’s plenty of cheaper alternatives out
   there but – and mind this is rare because we’re usually all about not
   needing to spend money to eat well – this is worth spending your money
   on, even if you get a smaller or older model. Buy cheap, buy twice, and
   plus I’ve seen the clip of some of the models you can get in B&M and it
   looks like someone’s parked a coke-ravaged R2D2 on your worktop. Nobody
   wants that, now do they?

   Find out more about the Actifry and the Spin Classes by clicking here,
   and don’t you fret, lover – it’ll open in a new window.

   salmon and dill croquettes

   salmon and dill croquettes    salmon and dill croquettes

   salmon and dill croquettes
   Print

Actifry salmon and dill croquettes

   Prep 10 mins

   Cook 25 mins

   Total 35 mins

   Author twochubbycubs x Actifry

   Yield 16 croquettes

   One of the easiest, tastiest recipes we've done with our Actifry in a
   long, long time! Simply measure out your ingredients, mix, shape, bread
   and cook! Easy! We're putting this at 2 syns for four fat croquettes
   but actually, it's probably a lot less than that as you won't use all
   of the breadcrumbs when you're coating your croquettes.

   The original recipe called for making the croquettes entirely with
   breadcrumbs but to bring them in line with Slimming World, we added
   leftover mashed potato. Enjoy!

   Mix up the amount of ingredients - as long as you end up with a thick,
   claggy dough, you're fine!

Ingredients

     * 320g chopped salmon
     * 120g leftover mash
     * 60g fat-free yoghurt
     * one egg
     * 50g panko (9 syns)
     * two tablespoons of dill
     * one lemon

Instructions

     * if your Actifry has a setting, preheat it
     * throw everything bar the panko into a mixing bowl and mix mix mix
       until you get a good thick dough
     * spray the Actifry with a little oil
     * shape the croquettes in your hand and then roll in
       salt-and-pepper-mixed panko
     * take the paddle out of the Actifry and place the croquettes in
     * cook for about fifteen minutes until they firm up, and then pop the
       paddle in
     * cook for another ten minutes or so until browned and crunchy
     * serve with whatever you want - we mixed tartare sauce with yoghurt
       and capers

   Courses snacks

   Cuisine Actifry

   Looking for something more to do with your Actifry? Sure!
     * southern fried chicken
     * actifry lamb tagine
     * greek potato hash
     * all day breakfast poutine
     * meatball masala
     * chicken caesar wrap
     * big mac tater tots
     * sausage and potato salad
     * garlic prawns on roast potato with pesto and rocket
     * smoky sweet potato and bacon hash
     * blackened chicken caesar salad
     * chilli and cheesy fries pizza
     * cheesy bacon burger fries
     * sausage stroganott
     * sticky sausages in onion gravy
     * dippy cheese sloppy joe tater tots
     * perfect roast potatoes
     * breakfast burritos
     * full english breakfast overnight oats

   J

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   September 2, 2019

   Posted under
   breast, poultry, recipe card, thighs

   Comments
   Leave a comment

quick chicken kebab wraps – fakeaway style!

   Hiyaaaaaa! Urgh, stop. Before we get to the super-quick chicken kebab
   wraps, I’ve got a tale to spin to you. It involves Germany, and it’s a
   holiday post. If you’re here for the recipe, click the heart below and
   it’ll dash you straight there. Otherwise, settle in – it’s a long one,
   but you can take it. Meanwhile, cookbook coming along lovely, thank
   you: we’re now locked in and ready to go! You can pre-order it here.

   Goodness, it’s been a while since I rattled out a holiday post – not
   because we haven’t been gallivanting, mind you, I’m always working on
   my suntanned wattle – but it’s been an age since I could sit and type
   something other than recipes. This holiday post takes us all to Hamburg
   and is unusual in that I’m combining two separate trips into one. The
   first time we went was back in April courtesy of srprs.me (more on that
   later) and I booked the second one in one of my atypical ‘go fuck
   yourself’ huffs. Some people spend days poring over brochures and
   cooing at hotels.com before they pick their next adventure – with me,
   you just need to wait until someone cuts me up on a roundabout or I
   stub my toe on the settee and I’m straight onto easyjet.com filling in
   my API with rage-a-tremble fingers.

   This trip was our fourth with srprs.me – a simple concept where you pay
   a travel agent a discreet sum of money and they book you a holiday
   somewhere exciting and wonderful. You don’t find out until you’re at
   the airport, where you scratch off a scratchcard, enter a code on their
   website and find out your gate number and destination. It’s all
   terrifically exciting and indeed, we videoed our last reveal in the
   hope of sharing it with you all. However, the 4am start and general
   rattiness of me being at Newcastle Airport betrayed us and when our
   destination of Malaga was revealed, I announced ‘for fucks sake,
   fucking MALAGA’ and promptly knocked my coffee over with that touch of
   the dramatic I know you all love. In my defence, I was confusing it
   with some super-rough beach resort that I vaguely remembered seeing on
   those 90s reality shows like Fingerblasts Uncovered where walking
   flesh-envelopes of fake-tan spilled Blue WKD into their nethers and
   gurned to camera.

   It was actually a superb place, since I mention it. But no, this trip
   was to Hamburg, and quite honestly, I knew nothing about the place
   other than it was in Germany and sounded delicious. A quick google
   reveals some interesting details: it has one of the largest seaports in
   the world (I shan’t make an awash with seamen joke), the most bridges
   of any global city and, every three months, hosts the Hamburger Dom.

   Coincidentally, on my second trip, so did I.

   It was the trip to the airport on the second trip that bears
   discussion, so we’ll start there and from now on, I’m just going to
   flit between the two without further clarification. Our flight was
   6.45pm from Manchester Airport and, after a fitful morning, we set away
   at 12 noon, planning on stopping for lunch somewhere fancy en-route.
   Six hours to travel 180 miles of motorway – even in a Smart car laden
   with two fat blokes – surely no problem?

   So you’d think. But every single citizen of the United Kingdom had
   clearly decided to go out for a leisurely crash of their cars at
   precisely 12.01 and what should have been a simple, uncomplicated jaunt
   became a nailbiting exercise in clock-watching, screaming myself hoarse
   at the backs of lorries and listening to Paul’s music. It was the last
   part that almost finished me off – I’d promised not to say one word
   about his music in exchange for him doing the long drive (I was tired
   from having my hair cut) and my god, in all honesty, wrenching the
   steering wheel from him and swerving us under an Iceland articulated
   lorry has never been so tempting. So much sad guitar chords and female
   warbling. The only thing that stopped me was the indignity of being cut
   out of the wreckage of a Smart car whilst chewing my way through a Sara
   Lee gateaux that had wedged itself up my arse.

   View this post on Instagram

   HAMBURG: car journey with my beloved

   A post shared by twochubbycubs (@twochubbycubs) on Sep 2, 2019 at
   8:42am PDT

   The gates closed promptly at 6.15pm and I’ve seen enough sweaty-jowled
   businessmen being shouted at on Airline to know easyjet are merciless
   with their deadlines. For years I’ve watched that programme taking
   sweet satisfaction from families being denied their holidays or some
   person missing out on a liver transplant because they’d parked too far
   away to make check-in, but now I was at risk of missing out, I was
   manic. We threw our keys at the meet and greet parking people,
   apologising profusely at 200mph for being in a rush, and sprinted
   through fast-track security and the departures lounge.

   I say sprinted. I don’t sprint. I’ve got good long legs that allow me
   to move with purpose and my general size and my face all-a-tittylip
   means people will get out of my face with minimal need for cursing
   under my breath and punching old folks to the ground. Paul, on the
   other hand, moves with all the urgency of a man selecting a slice of
   toast for a weekend breakfast, and I grew ever more furious with him as
   he delicately tip-toed around folks and ‘ever-so-sorry’ allowed people
   to get in front. Things came crashing to a head as he slipped over on
   an incline and fell fat on his face with an almighty moo.

   I am, I admit, a terrible person. An awful husband, a cruel lover and a
   heartless soul. I burst out laughing. My weakness, if you ever need to
   make me laugh, are random jerky movements and people falling over and
   hurting themselves. Others watch stand-up, I watch You’ve Been Framed
   with a smirk and a semi. We didn’t have time to spare so he picked
   himself up, looked at me with a face that made it clear I’d have to
   spend twenty minutes later making pained expressions of fake remorse,
   and off we went. We made it to the gate with one whole minute to spare,
   according to his now heavily-scuffed smart-watch.

   Thank god we made it though, otherwise we wouldn’t have been able to
   enjoy the subsequent twenty-five minutes of standing at the gate
   peering at our plane and wondering why we couldn’t get on. That was
   never explained, though it did give me plenty of time to smile
   coquettishly and have a mutual eye-wank with a lovely German bear a
   couple of steps down the queue. Ah, German men. There’s something so
   alluring about an accent that sounds like they’re coughing up gravel
   even when they’re “whispering sweet nothings” into the back of your
   neck.

   Our flights were uneventful – prompt, comfortable and with minimal fuss
   – though my trip was made all the more comfortable by the four gins I
   downed, ignoring the fact that the bill came to more than I’d paid for
   our flight ticket. We’re on holiday, such extravagance is to be
   encouraged. Clearly easyJet has its knockers – she served me the drinks
   – but damn I love them. We landed, breezed through security in that
   almost effortless manner we currently enjoy thanks to being part of a
   fantastic union of shared responsibilities and agreed border processes
   – what absolute melt would begrudge that – and then we managed about
   four hundred meters before we sat down and had a sandwich.

   See, there’s another reason why we love Germany. So. Many. Sandwiches.
   I know they all come from the same processing plant and have probably
   sat there so long you could escape from prison using the bread as a
   file, but I care not: they’re delicious. It’s like living in a sandwich
   buffet and I’m all for it. My choice was a sandwich with so much smoked
   cheese and ham in it that I had to call for special assistance just to
   lift my fat-ass back out of the seat. My apologies, I should really
   call him by his first name, Paul.

   Paul’s sandwich had an entire section of Lidl pressed into it:

   View this post on Instagram

   HAMBURG: the first sandwich we ever had.

   A post shared by twochubbycubs (@twochubbycubs) on Sep 2, 2019 at
   8:42am PDT

   The German public transport system is another joy, once you get around
   the fact the map looks like a Michael Bay action thriller where some
   sap has to cut just the right wire to defuse a bomb. I’m sure it’s easy
   to follow and indeed, after forty minutes sweating, crying and
   deciphering the beast we managed, we were on our way, but jeez does it
   make you realise how shit our system is. We’ve got two lines on our
   Metro system in Newcastle and trains that still have George Stephenson
   in the cab. But mustn’t grumble: you pay £5.20 to be told by a pleasant
   soothing voice that the trains are delayed and you can expect to arrive
   three stops short by the summer equinox.

   The hotel that srprs.me had chosen was a delight – the Hotel Jufa, down
   on the docks. Ostensibly a ‘maritime’ hotel, though the lack of
   filthy-handed sailors was a disappointment, it was full of ships to
   play on and curious little tchotchkes alluding to the port. That’s all
   well and good, but I’m not Alex Polizzi (there was a PUUUUBE,
   DAAAARLING) (hi Adam) and there’s no need to review the hotel here save
   to tell you the three most important facts:
     * the breakfast buffet was plentiful, varied and everything fabulous
       about a German breakfast;
     * the room had decent air-conditioning and none of those silly double
       mattresses which are two normal mattresses zipped together – very
       important when you’re our combined weight and turning over in your
       sleep means both beds careering to either end of the room; and
     * it had a homophobic shower. Seriously, hoteliers, sort your shit
       out so I can sort mine. Mind, I made the most of it…

   View this post on Instagram

   HAMBURG: it was like I'd just stepped out of a salon!

   A post shared by twochubbycubs (@twochubbycubs) on Sep 2, 2019 at
   8:43am PDT

   Hotel done, we’ll switch to the various activities we took part in – no
   chronological order, mind you, this isn’t Sherlock.

   The Saw Escape Room by EscapeDiem

   You know how much we love escape rooms, yes? It had been a while since
   Original Flavour Paul and I had done one and well, what extra level of
   tension could having all the instructions in German add?

   Turns out, a lot. But: what a fantastic room. Based on the Saw movies,
   you start off in the bathroom from the movies – filthy toilet (and yep,
   you need to put your hand in) and all. Clever tricks abound – heat
   sensitive paints, heartbeat locks, false rooms…all marvellous. Then the
   twist halfway through: you had to go inside the walls. There was a tiny
   vent to crawl through – now I’m not claustrophobic so I was generally
   fine with that – but then you had to loop back over yourself and climb
   up. They’d built a multi-level maze in the walls in the almost pitch
   black.

   Scary, but doable, yes? Well think of me for a second – I was lodged in
   a wall, barely able to move, with Paul – all many, many stone of him –
   perched right above me with only a thin sheet of plywood holding him
   up. It wasn’t Jigsaw or being stuck I was scared of but rather being
   reduced to atom-wide jam by the weight of the clumsiest fucker alive
   crashing down on me. It actually felt like a Saw movie, especially when
   I slashed Paul’s throat for getting the combination wrong at the end.
   Lolz – caught up in the moment wasn’t I! We escaped the room with a
   couple of minutes to go and our already strained marriage in tatters.

   Miniatur Wunderland

   A museum devoted to life in miniature: sounds deadly dull, but it was
   bloody brilliant. Tonnes and tonnes of teensy-tiny recreations of
   cities with working trains and tiny interactive models: we loved it. Me
   for the sheer mechanics and level of detail, Paul because he actually
   felt like a normal sized human for once. I galloped through like
   Glumdalclitch’s daddy, Paul went tip-toeing through the roses, letting
   himself into the matchbox-sized houses and taking a breath on a bench
   made from four cocktail sticks and a pin.

   He’s not even that short, you know, but it makes a change from the fat
   jokes. Poor Paul, I love him really.

   View this post on Instagram

   HAMBURG: Paul's spiritual home

   A post shared by twochubbycubs (@twochubbycubs) on Sep 2, 2019 at
   8:43am PDT

   It was fun though: I’m all for an exhibit where there’s buttons to
   press and this place was awash with them. For example, you pressed a
   button and a tiny version of a concert started playing, complete with
   miniature lighting rigs and hundreds of wee humans bobbing to the beat.
   There was a scale version of Hamburg Airport with planes taking off
   (disappearing neatly behind a curtain of cloud) (cotton wool) and if
   you pressed the button and waited, a UFO would touch down. I mean,
   haway! If that was the UK, each exhibition would have an out of order
   sign and the only buttons you could press would be on the chip-and-pin
   machine as you paid your £44 entrance fee.

   Actually, the UK was represented with a tiny version of London, replete
   with lots of top-hat wearing guards and a ding-donging Big Ben.
   Newcastle wasn’t featured, which was a shame, because I’d have loved to
   have pressed a button and seen Gemma-Marie, Marie-Marie and Lisa-Marie
   rolling around pulling each other’s hair in a puddle of their own foamy
   piss. As I said, the attention to detail was really quite terrific.

   Now, honestly, we’re almost at 2000 words. Let’s cut it short there and
   come back another day.
     __________________________________________________________________

   You came for the quick and easy chicken kebab wraps, didn’t you? Who
   could blame you? We’ve seen loads of hot-takes on our recipe for
   chicken doner kebabs, but this is the easiest one yet. Inspiration came
   from quite genuinely the best fast food we’ve ever had, pushed down
   into our gullets at 4am on a crisp Hamburg morning. Because I was drunk
   and a walking horn at this point, it was a case of finding anywhere
   that was open, dispensed food and was staffed by sultry looking men
   with a kebab shaver. Wasn’t hard to come across one, though we did have
   to pretend it was raita when a customer came in. This is something that
   takes no time to throw together – you could probably make a marinade
   yourself with lots of ingredients but honestly, pick one of these
   sauces up for 60p and hoy it in the cupboard for when you just can’t be
   arsed.

   chicken kebab wraps
   [INS: :INS]

   chicken kebab wraps

   [INS: :INS]

   chicken kebab wraps
   Print

super quick and easy chicken kebab wraps

   Prep 10 mins

   Cook 5 mins

   Total 15 mins

   Author twochubbycubs

   Yield 4 big wraps

   We've done wraps so many times over, and make no apology for it. If
   you're controlled and sensible you can keep a load of wraps in the
   freezer and defrost as needed - then chuck any old shite in there. The
   sweet raita is what makes this dish though - don't be afraid to get it
   made. This makes loads - freeze any leftover meat! Enjoy our chicken
   kebab wraps!

Ingredients

   For the wraps:
     * whatever wraps SW have decreed syn-free as your healthy extra
     * five chicken thighs
     * one packet of Blue Dragon Sweet Chilli & Garlic Stir Fry Sauce (10
       syns)
     * one small red onion
     * one small white cabbage
     * half a cucumber (if you're looking for something to do with the
       other half, pop it up your blurter)

   For the sweet raita:
     * 250g fat free greek yoghurt
     * 2 tsp turmeric
     * 2 tsp lemon juice
     * 2 tsp mint sauce
     * pinch of salt

Instructions

     * dice up your chicken thighs into very small chunks - doesn't need
       to be uniform, but go nice and small
     * marinate the chopped thighs in the sauce and leave as long as you
       like
     * when it's time to eat, tip the marinated chicken into a hot pan and
       cook it quickly - keep stirring so it doesn't stick, but you want
       the sauce to get nice and sticky
     * whilst that's cooking, shred your cabbage, thinly slice the onion
       and chop your cucumber
     * make your wraps by adding a slick of raita to the wrap, add your
       meat, chopped veg and wrap away!

   Top tips:
     * speed this up by using shop-bought raita
     * this makes enough for four big wraps with plenty of chicken left
       over - you can freeze the chicken once cooked
     * we served ours in a folded up naan bread, but we don't count our
       syns with bread

Notes

     * if you have some time, pop the sliced onion and cabbage in a bowl
       with some vinegar for twenty minutes - it'll soften the cabbage and
       take the sting from the onion - just rinse everything off before
       you serve
     * our new cookbook has plenty of sexy fakeaways in it - come take a
       look!

   Courses fakeaway

   Cuisine deliciousness

   Looking for something else to stick in your yeast pocket? I bet you
   are, because you’re filth – but why not try:
     * bbq chicken wraps (syn free)
     * crunchy nacho chicken wraps (syn free)
     * chicken and gherkin wrap (syn free)
     * grilled chicken tikka wraps (1 syn)
     * mcdonald’s style crispy chicken wraps (1.5 syns)
     * chicken caesar wraps (3 syns)
     * twochubbycubs’ christmas wrap (3.5 syns)

   With all my love forever more,

   J

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   August 2, 2019

   Posted under
   recipe card, soup, syn free

   Comments
   Leave a comment

cheesy pea soup – yes, just like The Fast Show

   Cheesy pea soup sounds revolting, and what better way to open a blog
   entry about food than with that line? I know, we’re awful, we took a
   month off to concentrate on a few things – most notably for me (it’s
   always me, James, who writes the blog) was half-heartedly walking away
   from a career in law, only to be tempted back in with the promise of
   working from home one day a week and condensing all my hours into one
   day in the office. Well, as someone who likes to sit at home and pick
   his bum, how could I refuse? It gives me a bit more time to write the
   cookbook and ogle at our gardener. Speaking of cookbook…

   chicken, chorizo and seafood paella

   It’s been a sad day near Chubby Towers with the passing of one of our
   neighbours. It’s inevitable, yes, when the average resident took their
   pension before the Boer War, but still, nobody likes to see a private
   ambulance trundling into the street early in the morning, do they?
   Especially when they park in my parking spot, but I didn’t think it was
   the time to cause a fuss. I’ll send a parking fine later with some
   white lilies. It did cause a slight moment of discomfiture when I
   realised I knew the name of the lady who had passed, but not her
   husband. The only time he’s ever talked to me was to ask me to remove
   my Vote Jeremy Corbyn sign, which to be fair to him I’d only put up to
   be mischievous given we live in a sea of Tory voters. You have no idea
   how much I want to put a pole up and hang a BEAR PRIDE flag up, if only
   so we get a few confused questions from the less enlightened. There’s
   one neighbour on the street who I hope to tempt over to the dark side
   and literally nailing my colours to the mast might just do it. Me going
   out in stretched hot-pants and wearing a permanently surprised look
   hasn’t done it yet.

   Anyway. Not knowing the name only became an issue when it came to
   sending a Deepest Sympathy card. How do you address such a sensitive
   card when you don’t know the name of the recipient – it’s not like I
   can do my usual name-fudge and pop ‘soz she’s popped off, Chief‘ on the
   envelope, is it? In the end, after much agonising, I put ‘Sorry for
   your loss’ on the card (which seems incredibly disingenuous, as though
   the poor chap has mislaid his car keys or dropped a bank card down the
   drain) and signed it ‘Love James and Paul’, which I also immediately
   regretted because it looked piss-taking. Least I didn’t stick a xoxo on
   there. Sympathy and human emotion is just too much hard work. In
   retrospect, signing the card in glittery silver Sharpie probably wasn’t
   the most elegant move either, but look, it’s all I had to hand. I live
   in a very camp house.

   I can’t imagine we’ll be invited to the funeral.

   Which frankly, is a shame: I look splendid in black and I’m all for a
   wake buffet. Hell, we accidentally gatecrashed a wake in Oslo and only
   realised our error when we were shooed out by some hurly-burly bearded
   Norwegian whilst we filled our pockets from the koldtbord. Honestly,
   the grieving can be so touchy. Only been to three funerals in my time.
   My nana’s was a particular highlight: both Paul and I suffer from
   nervous laughter and even though I was genuinely distraught, the absurd
   sight of her coffin right in front of me whilst the entire church
   lurched through the eight-hundredth verse of All Things Bright And
   Beautiful really tickled me. Half of the congregation was made up of
   her equally elderly friends who were all on the last double-digit
   breaths of their life – I’m surprised we didn’t lose any. Plus, despite
   being 31 years old at the time, I still guffawed when the lavender
   crowd burst out in raptures about the purple headed mountain. Me too,
   loves. The vicar kept getting her name wrong too, which added an air of
   tension between the sobs – she didn’t even look like a Norman. I bit so
   much of my cheek that I can stay lying on my front when Paul wants a
   blowie.

   It has got me thinking about what I want when I die. No fancy funeral,
   big coffin, lots of jewels – none of that. Nope, sell off all my chintz
   and bibelots, stuff me full of fireworks and pop a pipe cleaner
   somewhere indecent as a fuse and then push me out to sea. I want people
   to remember me how I lived – damp, colourful and usually on fire. No
   fake solemnity, no wailing, no dabbing daintily at your eyes whilst you
   remember times past. It’s an open invite to you all that, should you
   read in the paper of me dying in some tawdry fashion (it’s more
   inevitable than you can imagine), you can all come to the service. Just
   make sure you stop by Iceland first because fuck me, it’s going to have
   to be a good buffet.

   What might not make it onto the buffet is this cheesy pea soup, which
   is a bloody shame because considering how quick it was to make, the
   fact it is syn free and actually tastes bloody good, it doesn’t deserve
   to be betrayed by the fact it looks like something Grotbags would cough
   into a handkerchief. Please, give it a go, and if you don’t like it
   I’ll take a personal responsibility for your loss. Hell, I might even
   send you a With Sympathies card. Written in silver Sharpie, natch.
   Snatch.

   cheesy pea soup cheesy pea soup
   Print

cheesy pea soup - syn free, and tasty, I swear

   Prep 10 mins

   Cook 10 mins

   Total 20 mins

   Author twochubbycubs

   Yield 4 big bowls

   There's no way I can make that look appetising and for that, I'm sorry.
   Unless you like sink trap soup. But it's one of those meals that looks
   appalling but tastes nice, like moussaka, or Paul. Plus it's low in
   fat, like moussaka, or unlike Paul.

   This does take no time at all to make however, uses only a few
   ingredients and is just the thing for those summer evenings when you
   have nothing in and the takeaway menu is just a shade out of reach.

Ingredients

     * one big old lettuce from the shops, or garden, if you please
     * 400g of frozen peas (I used petit pois - not for any culinary
       reason, but just because I couldn't be arsed to find the proper
       peas at the back of the freezer)
     * two large cucumbers
     * one large bunch of spring onions
     * 1 litre of chicken stock
     * 80g of extra mature cheddar (two x HEA, but this serves four) (and
       listen, you can totally get away with adding 160g, I'm just being
       polite)

Instructions

     * slice your spring onions - including all the green stalk - and
       gently fry off in a little oil
     * cut the lettuce and cucumber up roughly - it's all getting blended
       so no need for neatness
     * once the spring onions are softened, add the stock, lettuce, peas
       and cucumber and boil for about 10 minutes until everything has
       softened but still stays green
     * carefully blend the soup with a hand blender
     * stir in the grated cheese until everything is thick and tasty
     * serve adorned with cress and cheerful wishes (and a lot of black
       pepper)

Notes

     * you could do this in a soup maker, but honestly, big pan and a
       stick blender will do you just right - Amazon have the blender we
       use for a tenner
     * cookbook is coming along ever so well - why not pre-order?

   Courses soup

   Cuisine syn-free

   Enjoy that? Of course you did, you saucy bugger. Want more? Click.

   soupsmall naughtyfood drinkssmall bbqsmall onepot

   J

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   June 23, 2019

   Posted under
   breakfast, recipe card, syn free, travel, vegetarian

   Comments
   Leave a comment

eggy bread cups – a syn free breakfast idea

   Syn free eggy bread cups – possibly one of the easiest recipes we’ve
   ever done, but if you’re looking for a quick, healthy breakfast, fill
   your boobs. Not a typo.

   So, here’s the deal folks. We need to knuckle down and focus on our
   fabulous cookbook, which is coming out in December.

   Coming up with eighty-six jokes about willies per paragraph is taxing
   on the old fingers, I can promise you. But we can’t leave you without
   something to read of an evening, and as a result, I’ve decided to
   publish a chapter from the other book we’re writing, a memoir of our
   month in Canada last year. Our travel blogs, like your dear writer,
   always go down well.

   Canada has been on my mind a lot lately, so it’s always nice to revisit
   it. Seems like a lifetime ago, but it’s only been nine months. Anyone
   got a contact for Bernard’s Watch? Anyway.

   If you’re here for the eggy bread cups recipe, scroll right to the
   bottom and you’ll see it right there!

   We landed at Toronto Airport in double-smart time and, after a
   restorative coffee and a mental note of all the airport shops available
   to us for the end of the holiday ‘get rid of the Canadian money because
   I’ll be buggered if it’s getting added to the drawer of mystery money
   at home’ dash, we made our way to the car rental place to pick up our
   motor for the brief trip to Niagara. I had asked for an exciting car,
   something with a bit of zip, something that an NHS dentist wouldn’t
   drive. They gave me a Nissan Qashqai that, if it were represented by a
   sound, it would be that little sigh you make when you bite into an
   apple and it’s soft. I mean, it’ll do, but. Toronto to Niagara is about
   a two hour drive if you drive like Paul, about an hour if you drive
   like me. By drive like me I mean furiously, with scant attention to
   road-signs, other users and the fact I was falling asleep at the wheel
   because I was so, so tired. Who would have thought that thirty days of
   travelling would catch up with me so suddenly?

   Luckily, Canadian motorways are wide, many-laned and never particularly
   busy, so I was able to get some shut-eye for a good few miles before
   Paul’s screaming and wrenching at the steering wheel rudely brought me
   around. He can be a very selfish passenger. Oh, I should preface this
   by saying I asked him to drive but he couldn’t because he was tired.
   But we couldn’t play loud music because he had a headache. He also
   wouldn’t talk to me to keep me awake because he was sulking because I
   wouldn’t let him wear my sex-trophy hat. So actually, had we rolled the
   motor and shuffled into the afterlife, he’d have only had himself to
   blame.

   After our brief sojourn onto the hard shoulder Paul made me stop for a
   coffee. I immediately poo-pooed this idea because the last thing I need
   when I’m trying to nod off is caffeine and instead made a swap for a
   Dairy Queen Dime Bar Blizzard. Listen, if you’re at a computer, look
   into flights to Toronto right now and get one of these into you. I’d
   cheerfully push the Scottish rugby team off my bumhole to have another
   bash at one of these. It’s worth losing a foot over, I promise you.
   It’s like they blended a whole bag of Dime bar miniatures with a pint
   of Ben & Jerry’s Phish Food and rubbed it across my prostate for a
   solid ten minutes. I’ve never had a dessert give me a full stonk-on.

   Back in the car, absolutely smashed off my tits on the sugar, the rest
   of the drive flew by in a blur of metal and me screeching along to
   Cher. Paul laughed as his ears bled.

   Our hotel was the Sheraton by the Falls. It’s called that because of
   the amount of old people I pushed over in my haste to get in (there was
   a much, much better joke there originally, but in this age of hysteria,
   I pulled it). Gosh no I’m kidding, it’s a wonderful hotel that
   overlooks the falls – if you’re fancy and pay for an upgrade you can
   gaze out of your window at the majesty of the falls. Which sounds just
   lovely and indeed it is, but it comes with a significant downside.
   Being so near so much thundering water means everything is ever so
   slightly damp. It’s like a hen-party with an aged male stripper. This
   in turn creates an overwhelming smell of foist in the room, which
   admittedly was alleviated a little once Paul and his toxic arse settled
   in. Something to consider if you’re planning on booking it: great
   views, deathly smell. twochubbycubs in a nutshell!

   We farted about in the room for a bit – the usual, you know, Paul has a
   dump, I have a browse through the porn channels and lament that yet
   again, the Hilton have failed to cater for us delicate souls who can’t
   get off unless there’s stuff on there that would make a jury wince,
   then made to go out. I got as far as the bathroom before I realised –
   through a haze of Paul’s effluence – that the bath was one of those
   fancy doohickies with bubble jets and all sorts of fancy buttons to
   pulse your sphincter and make your boobs jiggle. I couldn’t let that
   go, so promptly set the taps away, adding just a drop of Molton Brown
   for that luxurious black pepper scent. Nipped out to give Paul some
   ‘we’ve been married twelve years, let’s get it out of the way’
   disinterested attention, and came back to the bathroom to wipe the
   shame off my hands only to find the room absolutely awash with bubbles.

   View this post on Instagram

   Bubbles.

   A post shared by twochubbycubs (@twochubbycubs) on Jun 2, 2019 at
   5:02am PDT

   It was fantastic. I climbed into that bath and entirely disappeared
   into a cloudscape of gently popping bubbles. I’ve never felt gayer.
   With my head just poking through the bubbles I looked like the campest
   meringue you’ve ever seen. I must have been cooing and oohing too
   loudly because Paul came in (maybe he thought I was finishing myself
   off? Cheers, Mr ‘And I’m Done’, for the concern) and shrieked. Nothing
   spoils a peaceful moment like one of Paul’s shrieks. He explained that
   we’d probably be charged for wrecking their plumbing and pointed to a
   tiny sign on the wall which implored folks not to use bubble bath with
   the jets turned on. Please. The sign was the size of a postage stamp:
   you’re talking to someone who needs all his focus to hit the bowl when
   he has a pap. The bubbles showed no sign of abating – possibly because
   I still had two of the jets focused on my cock – so I dried off and out
   we went, deciding to worry about that problem later in the night.

   That’s enough for now. Part two coming soon! Let’s do the syn-free eggy
   bread cups!

   eggy bread cups eggy bread cups
   Print

syn-free eggy bread cups

   Prep 5 mins

   Cook 20 mins

   Total 25 mins

   Author twochubbycubs

   Yield 4 eggy cups

   The cheek of us calling this a recipe, honestly. But sometimes, you
   just want something quick in the morning so you can spend all your time
   outside pushing a couple of weeds around so you can surreptitiously
   gawp at the one hot neighbour pushing his lawnmower around with his
   shirt off. No? Just me? OK, quick and easy so you can get back to your
   stories.

Ingredients

   I'm making the recipe enough for two egg cups - enough for one person,
   I think you'll agree. Scale up accordingly.
     * two slices of whatever bread Slimming Would have decided is alright
       for you that week (your Healthy Extra B choice)
     * two large eggs
     * salt and pepper

Instructions

     * preheat the oven to 180 degrees
     * get a deep muffin tray and spritz it with some spray olive oil
     * cut the crusts off your bread and then cut each slice into two
     * layer the two halves into one of the muffin spaces and crack an egg
       into the middle
     * give a couple of grinds of salt and pepper
     * repeat as many times as you like and then cook in the oven for
       fifteen minutes (runny) or twenty (firm)

Notes

     * gussy these up by adding a sprinkling of cheese
     * I threw a load of cherry tomatoes into the muffin tray to let them
       roast whilst the eggs cooked
     * we're a huge fan of silicone in this house - you can just pop these
       right out once cooled - Amazon have a good selection but you don't
       need to spend very much
     * remember we have a cookbook coming!

   Courses breakfast

   Cuisine dunno, what am I, an atlas

   I know, it’s a travesty but damn these eggy bread cups were good!

   Want more breakfast ideas? I remain your loyal servant:
     * cheesy sausage and egg hash browns (syn free)
     * overnight oats (syn free)
     * bacon and egg breakfast fried rice (syn free)
     * perfect poached egg bombs (syn free)
     * dirty breakfast bap (syn free)
     * cheese and asparagus french toast dippers with soft boiled eggs
       (syn free)
     * poached eggs on toast (syn free)
     * breakfast burritos (syn free)
     * cafe mocha overnight oats (syn free)
     * fruit skewers (syn free)
     * syn free breakfast muffins (syn free)
     * blueberry and lemon overnight oats (syn free)
     * speedy breakfast bake (syn free)

   J

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   June 16, 2019

   Posted under
   breast, poultry, recipe card

   Comments
   Leave a comment

chicken taco wraps – and a bit of Spice

   Chicken taco wraps! Remember we’re old school here at twochubbycubs. We
   use wraps for making wraps as opposed to making apple pies and panty
   liners with them. But if you want the recipe for chicken taco wraps,
   you’ll need to hold onto your nonny for a second because, as usual,
   nonsense follows! Scroll down to the food photos if you’re not quite
   ready for me to spice up your life with my shenanigans.

   First, a gentle reminder. We have a cookbook coming out – 100 recipes
   of slimming classics (but none of the use sweetener, use fry-light
   shite) that’ll help you see your bajingo again when you’re naked. They
   won’t let us use that as a strapline. It’s coming along terrifically
   and we promise it’ll scratch the itch you have. Which saves you buying
   natural yoghurt, which be fair, you’d only eat anyway. Click to
   pre-order and say you’ll be there at launch day!

   Happy Father’s Day, everyone! Usually I’d write a post about my dad but
   he’s terribly shy and stoic and wouldn’t enjoy the fuss, and this isn’t
   a love thing, so I’ll just say that he’s an amazing dad who never once
   rolls his eyes when his 34 year old son rings him because he needs a
   washer changing or a shelf putting up. By the same token, our mutually
   respectful relationship means I don’t judge him too vociferously for
   not turning the keypad noises off on his phone or watching him stab at
   the iPad like a chicken hunting corn. He’s always been there for me,
   providing me with a haunting visage of the looks I can expect when I
   hit sixty. Thank God my deleterious lifestyle choices will shuffle me
   into the Earth by 54 at best.

   Anyway, how have you all been? Well? I’m asking as though I’ll read the
   replies when you all holler. It’s been terrifically busy at Chubby
   Towers – the disadvantage of writing a cookbook is that we’re having to
   cook so many new recipes and write them up that I’ve barely had time
   for my nine hour daytime naps and ‘let’s have another round of The
   Office, seasons 2-7’. It’s a chore being us. But we’ve managed to fit a
   few exciting things in, one of which was a trip to see the Spice Girls.

   Well, one of us. Spice Girls is to Paul what water is to a rabid dog,
   so he bailed out after eight months of me geeing him along and instead,
   Paul II replaced him. There was no chance he wouldn’t do it – Spice
   Girls is to Paul II what water is to a chip pan fire, if I may torture
   that analogy for a second more. A hotel was secured, a train driver was
   cautioned that he would be dragging especially heavy cargo and I
   managed to accidentally leave work early by 28 minutes, so all was
   well. I say that, the plan was for me to come home, pick up my stuff
   and be straight out, but I got collared by one of the (very few) sweet
   neighbours on our street who asked me to nip her back passage and take
   a look at her abelia bush.

   Frankly, it was the best offer I’d had all day and I needed practice at
   making the elderly happy, so off I went. She kept me there for thirty
   minutes despite my ‘must get on’ and ‘time goes by’ schtick but
   honestly, she was so lovely and a proper nana that I didn’t want to go.
   I did point out that it was nearly the weekend, love, but she didn’t
   pick up on it – I was wasting my time. I’ve been hankering for a
   substitute nana since mine was Endgamed and she could be the one.
   Although she didn’t have a television operating at Chernobyl-disaster
   levels of volume so I’m not sure. Once I managed to get away I quickly
   shaved my noggin and off I went.

   The trip to the Stadium of Light was an ordeal and a half, not least
   because as someone with (albeit the faintest possible trace) Newcastle
   United running through my veins (thanks to my parents), it feels wrong.
   This was compounded by the Metro carriage being full of loud, shrieking
   Geordies wearing lip-readable skirts singing all the wrong words to
   every Spice Girls song they could imagine. Paul II is quick to anger
   and I could see the rage building in his yellow eyes and, as for me, I
   would have been glad of a tunnel so I could pop my head out of the
   window and shave away my ears at 60mph on the brickwork. It was a long
   journey, though livened up by Paul II’s surprise that the North East
   has a) fields and b) horses. Well aye: we always need somewhere to
   knock together a Catherine Cookson adaptation at a moment’s notice if
   Robson Green’s gas bill needs paying.

   After a slow walk of life to the stadium (Paul II has weak knees, I
   have thick thighs) where we were accompanied by a lass telling us she
   had shaved her whisker biscuit for a Nelly concert, we found our seats.
   I’d picked spectacular seats for sure, even if they were high enough in
   the stands to require oxygen. Well, ticketmaster did – we were sat down
   above the entrance with an unobstructed view and even better, nothing
   in front of us bar a precipitous drop and a view of everyone’s dandruff
   as they wandered in. I was dispatched to find alcohol  because once
   Paul II has sat down it’s a four man job to get him up again and I’m
   delighted to report that I politely asked them to move over and only
   managed to stand on eight feet on the way. I’m told she’ll walk again
   but her dancing career is fucked. That’ll be the last time, lover.

   The concert was terrific, mind you. Absolutely mint. People had been
   making pointed comments at me for a couple of weeks about sound quality
   but come on, for four ladies in their seventies they did an absolutely
   cracking job. All the classics with a load of album tracks in the
   middle which I sang along to despite not knowing the words or the key.
   But when does that ever stop this boy with song in his heart? You have
   to sing if you can’t dance! I admit to my Emotional Response Unit
   faltering a shade when Viva Forever kicked in and everyone was singing.
   I may have got wet eyes, much like Paul II when Let Love lead The Way
   came on and everyone picked up Posh’s bits. I was schooled by Paul II
   who knows every single word to every single Spice Girls song and who
   also sang along, which must have been a treat for everyone around us to
   have two giant gay bears bellowing and screaming like cows in a Foot
   and Mouth fire.

   Oh! Something kinda funny happened though – events were livened up
   still further by a fight breaking out a few rows behind us between a
   few lasses who all had the look of ladies who know where the best local
   dogfights are held. The video is worth a watch, if only to see the
   chunky mama in green fall down between the concrete of the row and the
   seats in front like the thick blue line in Tetris. She was escorted out
   by all manner of chaps in hi-vis (when they came sprinting up the
   stairs next to me I thought one of my wishes had come true and
   instinctively started pushing out) (though I wouldn’t be the first
   person to leave that stadium suckered to their chair like a Garfield
   toy on the window of a Vauxhall Zafira; the dancers were very handsome
   indeed) and that was that. Fancy fighting at a Spice Girls concert
   though. Listen, girls – who do you think you are? We’re all sore Posh
   was too busy clipping out her ingrown toenail to turn up, but keep your
   shit together – the lady is a vamp, remember, and she has David Beckham
   to enjoy.

   Any sense of excitement and joy was immediately tempered by the queue
   for the Metro though. In an astonishing bit of not-like-me, I’d
   forgotten that 50,000 people would be trying to get home. Naturally, as
   we had taken our leisurely time leaving (stopping for a piss in the
   gents only to be confronted by what looked like the Saturday night
   divas from the bingo hall all sitting in the urinal) (thankfully,
   though only just, sitting not a typo) we were position number 49,890 in
   the queue. We contemplated trying to wave down the Spice Bus but it
   didn’t happen, so we pooled our resources and found the most expensive
   Uber trip ever back to town and told him to take me home. Traffic was
   bumper to bumper and I was bursting for a piss – I had tears in my eyes
   at the end that had nothing to do with the optimistic Magic Tree
   hanging on the dash. Taxi driver was a treat though – complimented my
   glittery bear shirt and everything. Right back at ya, driver!

   Paul II also stayed for the day after and we filled it with food and
   escape rooms. I’m saying absolutely nowt about our performance in the
   second escape room because honestly, it’s not worth my life. Ah balls
   to it – I wanna be honest. We escaped with ten seconds to spare, and in
   our defence the very last action of the room involved an actual sprint
   to the exit. We were doomed from the start, not least when Paul II had
   to get down with me to retrieve all the balls I’d spilled on the floor.
   But we performed admirably, with absolutely no mistakes made.

   By me.

   Ssssh.

   And that was that! Spice Girls concert done with my mate and a great
   couple of days away from looking at a computer screen with bile in my
   eyes. When the Spice Girls come back for their eighty-seventh reunion
   tour, be sure to see them if you wanna have some fun. They’ll never
   give up on the good times, it wasn’t certainly wasn’t too much and
   there is no denying – they were so much better than I hoped!

   Right! Let’s do the chicken taco wraps, shall we?

   chicken taco wraps

   chicken taco wraps
   Print

chicken taco wraps

   Prep 5 mins

   Cook 5 mins

   Total 10 mins

   Author twochubbycubs

   Yield 4 wraps

   To be honest, calling this a recipe is a bit cheeky - but you know
   sometimes you just want a quick dinner? This is one of those meals.
   Grill the chicken however you like it - add some spice, if you prefer,
   but I like it naked. This is meant to show you how quickly you can make
   something up!

Ingredients

     * 4 wholemeal wraps (use your HEB)
     * 2 chicken breasts
     * 8 tbsp salsa (4 syns)
     * 4 tbsp guacamole (6 syns)
     * 180g reduced fat mozzarella (use your HEA)
     * chopped iceberg lettuce

   This makes enough for four wraps, one each, 2.5 syns! But I appreciate
   it's hard to stop with wraps, so don't be surprised if two become one!

Instructions

     * cook the chicken however you like - we grilled ours in an Optigrill
     * lay out the wraps and dollop 2 tbsp of salsa mix and guacamole onto
       each one and spread out (like you're topping a pizza)
     * sprinkle over the chopped lettuce and diced chicken and top with
       the grated mozzarella

Notes

   There's so little to say here, bar:
     * remember we have a cookbook coming!
     * you don't need an optigrill, but if you're feeling fancy...
     * these won't freeze if you add lettuce, so don't try it

   Courses lunch

   Cuisine chicken

   Delicious right? I know it’s a cheek calling that a recipe but look,
   sometimes you want a quick lunch and this will do it. Want more wrap
   ideas?
     * bbq chicken wraps (syn free)
     * chicken doner kebab wraps (syn free)
     * chicken and gherkin wrap (syn free)
     * grilled chicken tikka wraps (1 syn)
     * mcdonald’s style crispy chicken wraps (1.5 syns)
     * chicken caesar wraps (3 syns)
     * twochubbycubs’ christmas wrap (3.5 syns)

   Goodbye.

   J

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   June 9, 2019

   Posted under
   airfryer, breast, seafood

   Comments
   Leave a comment

chicken, chorizo and seafood paella

   Chicken, chorizo and seafood paella, if you don’t mind? Firstly, let me
   kick off proceedings by announcing this is a sponsored post. That is,
   the good folks at Tefal have sent us another Actifry to test out and
   have compensated us generously for farting about in Adobe Premiere for
   an hour or two. Usual rules apply though: if we don’t like the product,
   or it doesn’t work, or it sets Paul’s training bra on fire, we’ll
   always tell you. Five years we’ve been doing this dance, you know, and
   I know all the steps by now. But first, a reminder!

   chicken, chorizo and seafood paella

   When Tefal approached us to ask us to take part in their Spin Class
   activities, my first thought was that it meant exercise and frankly,
   I’d rather set my eyes on fire. Thankfully, once they’d explained and
   cleared the Zippo fluid from my eyeballs, we realised it was their new
   promotion to show the new Actifry Genius XL off, with all the fancy
   features you’d expect from a product called Genius. The Spin Class is a
   clever pun on the spinning of the actifry paddle, see. It’s all very
   clever. And the paella…well, I’ll come to that a bit later (and if you
   don’t have an Actifry, don’t fret, we’ve covered you too!), but first,
   nonsense.

   I’m not saying I’m anti-exercise, I’m really not, but it’s altogether
   too much effort at the moment. We’re back at Elite, and bloody loving
   it, but good lord I genuinely thought I was going to die last
   Wednesday. It was forty five minutes of squats, thrusts, push-ups,
   jumping jacks and lying on my front with my bumcheeks in the air
   gasping for breath. And listen, I’ve been there many times before, but
   usually it’s pitch black – this wasn’t my scene. You’re reading the
   words of someone whose lips go blue buttoning his shirt up of a
   morning. Paul, who normally wouldn’t notice if I came into the kitchen
   with my arse where my face should be, turned to me with concern etched
   across his face and asked whether I needed an ambulance. He was wrong:
   I needed a hearse.

   I blame my PE teachers at school. For the last two years of high school
   me and a gaggle of the other fat, camp and lazy kids used to refuse to
   take part and eventually, the teacher realised we weren’t going to take
   him seriously and so let us sit on the gym mats spectating. That got
   knocked on the head a few months in when we made a proper event of it
   and brought a picnic and a CD player. I wasn’t an especially camp
   teenager, but it’s hard to look butch when you’re bringing crisps out
   of a wicker basket whilst Vogue plays. I was good at three sports:
   basketball (because I was tall and excellent at dribbling – still am!),
   cross-country running (in that I could run 400m out of sight, and then
   share all the fags I’d nicked from my mother’s nuclear-war stockpile)
   and rugby. Rugby was great – being fairly fast yet superbly chubby
   meant I was hard to knock over and it became possibly the only sport I
   could have enjoyed playing more. However, I spent too long looking
   moonily at the other players that it never went anywhere. A couple of
   my friends play for the Newcastle Ravens and have invited me to take
   part, but I’m fairly confident that it would make things uncomfortable
   if I’m used as the table for the half-time oranges. Or worse. Ah well.

   I asked Paul what exercise he enjoys and he replied ‘resting his ears
   from your nonsense’, which seems unnecessarily catty.

   The Actifry, then. Tefal will kick off if we don’t tell you a little
   bit about what it can do. Firstly, it looks a little less like the Daft
   Punk era models of old, which is lovely. But it’s an absolute beast:
   1.7kg capacity, which they tell us is enough for five portions of food,
   or a snack for Paul. You know how they work, yes? Add a tiny bit of
   oil, switch it on and the heat and the moving paddle turns and cooks
   your food with very little fat involved, bar the two chunkers operating
   it. Unlike the earlier models, this machine allows you to change the
   temperature (so low and slow for things like a chilli, nice and hot for
   crispy chips) and set the time it cooks for, which is handy for when,
   like me, you’re catching up on your stories and really want to see how
   this Chernobyl story plays out without burning your dinner. There’s
   also pre-set cooking options which takes the mystery out of pressing
   buttons AND there’s a handy app which showcases 300+ recipes, of which
   you may even see a couple of ours lumped in there. I have to confess,
   not usually a fan of tie-in apps, but this one is actually decent – not
   too much clucking about and presents the recipes in an attractive,
   step-by-step fashion. Might nick it.

   I’ll say this though. We’ve been using our Actifry for years, mainly
   for chips because: obesity, but it’s genuinely our favourite kitchen
   gadget we own. It does exactly what it is supposed to do, with minimal
   fuss. It doesn’t leave your kitchen stinking of fat and it’s easy to
   keep clean, given all but the base can go in the dishwasher. It’s like
   the antithesis of Paul. There’s plenty of cheaper alternatives out
   there but – and mind this is rare because we’re usually all about not
   needing to spend money to eat well – this is worth spending your money
   on, even if you get a smaller or older model. Buy cheap, buy twice, and
   plus I’ve seen the clip of some of the models you can get in B&M and it
   looks like someone’s parked a coke-ravaged R2D2 on your worktop. Nobody
   wants that, now do they?

   Find out more about the Actifry and the Spin Classes by clicking here,
   and don’t you fret, lover – it’ll open in a new window.

   Let’s get to the recipe then. We’ve done a handy video recipe for you,
   though I must advise you put a towel down when you catch a glimpse of
   the pure sex involved. Let us know what you think!

   View this post on Instagram

   NEW RECIPE! Video includes scenes of pure joy. Use your Actifry and
   join our spin class to make a chicken, chorizo and seafood paella! Let
   me know what you think! #twochubbycubs #slimmingworld #tefalactifry
   @tefal.uk #spon #ad

   A post shared by twochubbycubs (@twochubbycubs) on Jun 9, 2019 at
   7:16am PDT

   It’s OK, we know he’s fit too. The Papa Bear to your Chubby Cubs.
   Imagine my distress and agony at having to clip and trim all that video
   footage of him working out on my 27″ screen. I had to push my chair
   back at one point. Now the text recipe – and look, if you don’t have an
   Actifry, don’t fret, we’ll give you a non-Actifry route to cook too!
   Because we’re canny.

   Print

chicken, chorizo and seafood paella

   Prep 6 mins

   Cook 38 mins

   Total 44 mins

   Author twochubbycubs x Tefal

   Yield 4 large servings

   Paella in an Actifry? That's not chips! I know right - but this is
   tasty. If you're not a fan of seafood, leave it out, and you've got a
   tasty chicken and chorizo paella. Don't leave out the chorizo though -
   it's 3 syns per serving, but the oil from the chorizo makes everything
   that bit more tasty!

Ingredients

     * 200g of paella rice
     * 800ml of water
     * 500g chicken breast (diced)
     * 200g cooked prawns
     * 200g shelled mussels
     * 100g chorizo (12 syns), sliced
     * two sweet onions, sliced finely
     * 2 cloves of garlic, minced
     * 1 large red pepper
     * 1 chicken stock cube
     * 1/2 tsp each of curry powder, turmeric and smoked paprika
     * pinch of salt and pepper

Instructions

   Actifry route
     * boil the rice in the water and stock for about five minutes, then
       set it aside
     * select 40 minutes and 220 degrees on the Actifry
     * tip everything in, shut the lid, go sit and pick your feet for
       forty minutes whilst it does all the hard work
     * serve!

   On the hob route
     * in one pan, boil the rice in the water and stock for about five
       minutes, then set it aside
     * whilst that's cooking, gently fry off the onion and pepper for
       about five minutes
     * add the garlic and the spices and keep gently frying until
       everything is sweated down
     * add the chicken and cook for a further couple of minutes
     * tip the rice, stock and water into the onion pan, add everything
       else and pop the lid on, cooking and bubbling for forty minutes -
       make sure the chicken is cooked through, whatever you do!
     * serve

Notes

     * the new Tefal Genius XL is here! You can even spread your payments
       with Amazon now!
     * your two favourite cubs have a cookbook coming out, you know - did
       we mention it? Pre-order now!
     * don't let Frylight ruin your pans - use one of these oil sprayers
       instead!
     * make quick work of the garlic with one of these Microplane grater!
     * get yourself a mandolin slicer, but watch your friggin' fingers -
       and especially your frigging fingers - because boy do they make
       slicing easy

   Courses lunch, dinner

   Cuisine low syn, Spanish

   Yum! Want more Actifry recipes, you saucy minx? Fine!
     * southern fried chicken
     * actifry lamb tagine
     * greek potato hash
     * all day breakfast poutine
     * meatball masala
     * chicken caesar wrap
     * big mac tater tots
     * sausage and potato salad
     * garlic prawns on roast potato with pesto and rocket
     * smoky sweet potato and bacon hash
     * blackened chicken caesar salad
     * chilli and cheesy fries pizza
     * cheesy bacon burger fries
     * sausage stroganott
     * sticky sausages in onion gravy
     * dippy cheese sloppy joe tater tots
     * perfect roast potatoes
     * breakfast burritos
     * full english breakfast overnight oats

   Mwah!

   J

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   June 2, 2019

   Posted under
   recipe card, steak, syn free

   Comments
   Leave a comment

cajun steak dirty rice, and time to feel proud!

   Here for the cajun steak dirty rice? Bless your soul. The recipe is
   down the bottom, but first, an apology for the time between posts. I’ve
   been either:
     * on the pop;
     * in a crisis;
     * in a crisis whilst on the pop;
     * on my knees;
     * on my knees, drunk, causing a crisis; or
     * at a Pride event, see above.

   But I’m all sorted now. Of course, the other thing gobbling me up is
   this cookbook of ours. You know, we’ve got a cookbook coming out, with
   all our new recipes in it, plus a delicious spurt of sassiness. Click
   the banner to pre-order! And remember if all you’re here for is the
   cajun steak dirty rice, get scrolling!

   Whoops. Posted this the other night, but hit the schedule button rather
   than publish. So pretend it’s Monday, won’t you?

   *hic*

   I wasn’t going to post tonight, but I sent Paul into our bedroom an
   hour ago to pick something up off the floor only to find him fifteen
   minutes face-down with his arse in the air. Now you might reasonably
   think, oh, James, your luck is in, but I must remind you of one salient
   fact: I’ve been married ten years. The only time Paul puts out these
   days is when he’s angling for a surprise holiday or wants a few minutes
   lying prostrate so he can finish his book. No, the poor guy is all
   tuckered out because we’ve been down in Birmingham (at this point, I’m
   considering getting a second job down there, given I’m like a yoyo
   between the two cities at present) for Pride and I made him drive all
   the way down on Saturday and all the way back today. I’d have driven,
   but it’s a Smart car, and honestly I’d sooner drive a hearse full of
   ashen-faced mourners to the wrong funeral than that orange little
   rustbucket. So we can forgive him his sins, for now, and I’ll continue
   on my high horse, thank you.

   Pride came out of nowhere for us this year – we’d been invited down by
   a good mate and were umming and aahing (not least because I was
   hungover from Wednesday in Leeds) until we watched a particularly
   gruesome episode of Chernobyl and decided life’s too short, let’s go.
   Packed my best rainbow knickers (I really ought to wash them, but I’m
   waiting for the Daz Doorstep Challenge to make a return just so I can
   see Danny Baker blanch when I hand over my barely foldable keks), told
   Paul to book a hotel and tickets and away we went.

   Paul doesn’t travel well with me on long journeys when I’m the
   passenger. It’s like having four personalities in the car:
     * the shrieking me who holds onto the door handles and winces every
       time we go around a corner like I’m on that rollercoaster from
       Final Destination 3;
     * the shrieking me who sings along to every last song (I choose the
       music) – Paul’s recently been told he’s going deaf and actually,
       I’m not entirely convinced that it isn’t a lifestyle choice he’s
       made;
     * the shrieking me who litters the bottom of his car with crisp
       packets, coke bottles, whatever I’ve found in my bag, whatever I’ve
       found in his glovebox (the man has a surprising amount of baby
       wipes stashed in his car – I’d be worried, but no-one’s going to
       approach a Smart car pulled up in a layby, let’s face it);
     * the shrieking me who reaches over and beeps his horn for him (not a
       euphemism, see earlier comment) because he’s altogether too polite
       and frankly a car journey for me isn’t complete until I’ve started
       bringing up lung from screaming at anyone who gets in the way.

   So understand, the four hours it took us to get to Birmingham – well, I
   had a whale of a time, Paul less so. The important thing is I enjoyed
   myself.

   We checked into a Premier Inn in the city centre and, after a moment or
   four hours to enjoy the glamour and to pack away the towels, we minced
   out to meet our friend, who you may recall from an earlier post. He was
   easy enough to spot, given he’s the epitome of our ideal man and well,
   we were semi-flaring within 100 yards. What followed was a terrific
   amount of drinking, diversions and some mild peril. It was a great
   night, though in a great example of him never being off, Paul ended up
   engaged in political debate with two drunk fellas who wouldn’t leave us
   alone. That’s what I’m told, I was experiencing an X-Files-esque lost
   period of time in the gents. We parted ways around 2ish and after a
   brief interlude (actually lasting forty minutes) where I sat and
   chatted with a homeless fella who offered to show me his leg ulcer,
   went to bed. Sunday was better still – back out and on it, this time
   joined by Andy’s long-suffering but lovely girlfriend, a good friend
   from Facebook, Paul II and his husband and two of Andy’s friends.
   Another great night! To share details would be lurid but there were
   some fabulous twists and turns and fun was had by all. The best kiss of
   the night wore lipstick.

   But that’s not why I’m writing. I’ve touched on the importance of Pride
   many times over – including this fabulous article – and all those
   things stand. But what did strike me, as we wandered around, was how
   happy everyone was. Bar one overweening queen who looked my husband up
   and down and did the ‘yes, I know who you are’ gambit, there was not a
   blot of bother. We live in a country that is becoming increasingly
   fractured, and for the first time in my entire life I’m worried about
   where the rights for LGBT+ folks are going – you’ve got ministers
   supporting the banning of tolerance teaching in schools, an American
   president who sits proudly with the bigoted bastard in charge of Brazil
   and, more so, the far right given a voice that remains unchallenged.
   All this for something as immutable as eye colour or the size of your
   feet. It’s easy to sit on the outside looking in when you have the
   luxury of not being the one getting looked down on, but we need Pride
   more than ever. Yes, it’s overly commercial, yeah there’s something
   arguably cynical about HSBC and Argos changing their logo to a rainbow,
   but damn, it’s always a pleasure to see so many people having a good
   time without any second thoughts. Even nicer to see lots of families
   bringing their children along and showing them a world full of colour,
   and doubly more important when there’s protests outside from ‘caring
   parents’ who ‘don’t want their kids to see deviant behaviour’. Pfft. My
   mother was incredibly supportive of all my fabulousness growing up and
   I turned out perfect, right? Hello?

   As an addendum, given with the miracle of time-travel (i.e. the
   advantage of forgetting to post for a week), we’ve also just returned
   from Northumberland Pride, which is like Birmingham Pride but done on a
   budget befitting a much smaller enterprise. Brum had Faithless, we had
   Lorraine Crosby (star of 1993’s hit single I Would Do Anything For
   Love, But I Won’t Do That) (that being trading on past glories) (I’m
   kidding, she’s great). Brum had a pub full of bears and an attitude
   full of sin, Northumberland Pride had a cake stand and some hashtags.
   But it was smashing, actually, partly because I got drunk and didn’t
   manage to make a fool of myself, partly because we both took full
   advantage of all the caterers. We even camped overnight, breaking
   Paul’s camping cherry and also his lower back. He’s such a diva,
   honestly. If you can’t get comfortable on a single deflating £14.99
   airbed from Argos whilst yesterday’s sweat and spittle drips on your
   face, then you just aren’t trying.

   Support your Prides, people. Go out and have an amazing time. If you’re
   worried about your husband not feeling comfortable with all that
   rampant homosexuality, don’t fret, I’ll look after him. We can add
   another S-fluid onto the tent of dreams.

   Right, all that schmaltz aside, shall we get to the recipe in hand?
   Cajun steak dirty rice! Easy to make and will definitely get you some
   action if you serve it in your best lingerie. Apologies for the photos
   – we took them outside in the dark, so had to artificially lighten
   them.

   cajun steak dirty rice cajun steak dirty rice cajun steak dirty rice
   Print

cajun steak dirty rice

   Prep 10 mins

   Cook 20 mins

   Total 30 mins

   Author twochubbycubs

   Yield 4 servings

   An absolute classic, why? Because it's so damn good! Piece of piss too,
   and everyone loves it. An easy way to sneak some veg into your kids if
   they're that sort. A little bit of prep is needed but it's all worth
   it. This works great on its own or even as a side. Have it for
   breakfast for all I care.

Ingredients

     * 200g long-grain rice
     * 400g steak
     * 4 bacon medallions, diced
     * ½ red, yellow and green pepper, finely diced
     * 1 carrot, finely diced
     * ½ onion, diced
     * 6 mushrooms, diced
     * 2 spring onions, finely sliced
     * 1 beef stock cube
     * 2 tsp cajun seasoning
     * 1 tsp worcestershire sauce (optional)

Instructions

     * cook the rice according to the instructions, and set aside
     * spray a large frying pan with some oil over a medium-high heat and
       slap in your steak
     * cook the steak to your liking, remove from the pan onto a plate and
       leave to rest
     * wipe out the pan and add a little more oil and place back over the
       heat
     * add the bacon and onion and cook until the bacon is done
     * stir in the cajun seasoning along with the worcestershire sauce (if
       using)
     * dissolve the stock cube in 200ml of boiling water and keep aside
     * chuck the peppers, carrots and mushrooms along with the stock and
       give a good stir - cook until most of the liquid has evaporated
     * once most of the liquid has evaporate throw in the rice and stir
       until well mixed and warmed through
     * dice the steak and stir into the mixture
     * serve and sprinkle over the spring onions

Notes

     * You don't need fancy or expensive steak for this, any will do
     * If you can't be arsed to cook rice just use the microwave pouches,
       cook in the microwave towards the end and stir into the pan with
       the vegetables - make sure you check the syns though
     * Stop ruining your pans with Fry Light! All it does is evaporate off
       and leave a sticky, gungy mess. Use one of these instead
     * No-one has time for dicing a carrot so do we what we did - use a
       julienne peeler, and then simply slice across to get easy, small
       diced bits
     * You can find cajun seasoning in most supermarket along with the
       herbs and spices, but to be honest any spice mix you have gathering
       dust will do. We've done this with piri-piri and fajita mixes and
       it comes out just as good!
     * WE HAVE A BLOODY COOKBOOK COMING OUT REMEMBER! Yessss: click here
       for sexiness!
     * Any meat will do in this if you haven't got any steak - diced
       chicken and pork work especially well, or even sausages! Divvn't be
       shy, pet.

   Cuisine cajun

   Want more random ideas? Click any of the buttons below to be whisked
   away on on adventure through time and eating!

   fakeawayssmall   lunchsmall pastasmall vegetariansmall   sausagessmall
      seafoodsmall breakfastsmall snackssmall   dessertsmall

   JX

   Standard

   Posted by
   chubbycubs

   Posted on
   May 20, 2019

   Posted under
   recipe card

   Comments
   1 Comment

BIG NEWS LADY! REAL BIG NEWS!

   We have an announcement. Please stand by. Or take a seat, get the
   weight off your bunions. Either way, it’s all terribly dramatic.

   Paul and I have decided – after twelve years – to split up.

   That’s right, split up the responsibility of WRITING A BLOODY COOKBOOK.
   YASSSSSSS!

   CLICK HERE TO PRE-ORDER NOW! IN A FANCY NEW WINDOW TOO!

   Yes! After years of saying we’d never do one because frankly, it all
   seems like a terrific bother, we’ve been headhunted by a lovely
   publisher who really believes. I know, my flabber was as gasted as
   yours – I was making Harold Bishop concentrating noises for weeks in
   disbelief.

   So what’s our angle? Easy: 100 or so of the slimming recipes that
   helped us on our journey last year to lose 265lb between the two of us!
   All new recipes that haven’t been slid into your inbox before. Recipes
   that you can count on to be delicious (because it’s us, and yeah, we
   might have filthy mouths and make far too many knob-jokes than is
   decent, but by god we can cook!), slimming and, perhaps most of all:
   easy to make. The whole ethos of twochubbycubs is that we aren’t chefs,
   we aren’t fancy and we certainly aren’t boring blah-blah writers – and
   that’s going to get tipped straight into the book, we promise. We’ll
   make an effort to make sure the recipes are suitable for your slimming
   plans.

   Vegetarian? Vegan? Don’t you fret. We haven’t forgotten about you –
   we’ll make sure there’s a good spread of recipes that suit your needs
   straight from the off, or, are easily adapted to your ways. Fan of meat
   between your cheeks? We hear you, and have you covered too. In short,
   it’s a book for all!

   Possibly the biggest question though: is it going to have the
   twochubbycubs’ brand of humour and smut? Of course it bloody is. It’s
   us. Whilst the recipes will be clear, easy-to-follow and simple enough
   to cook at home, there’s going to be more than a thick portion of our
   personality spread over each page. I did ask if the centrefold can be a
   casual photo of me in a bath of Quality Street with my moobs pressed
   lusciously together but that was vetoed on the grounds that it would be
   so damn hot, it would pose a fire risk. Plus they’d might lose a toffee
   finger or two when I shifted. We might tone down the swearing in case
   the book ends up on a table in a WI hall at some point, but everything
   else remains the same.

   We want this book to be three things, most of all:

   *   inspirational: we lost 265lb between us, we know how to lose weight
   and that the key thing to remember is that you want your diet to feel
   less like a chore and more like a lifestyle – we can give you the help
   you need without being patronising arses;
   *   fun: if you’re like us and reading 300 words about someone choosing
   the right quinoa in a Venetian market bores you to tears – we will be
   different; and
   *   lucrative: listen, we’ve got an American road-trip planned for next
   year and there’s only so many meat-boxes that we can convert to
   airmiles.

   Oh, and the blog: worry not. We’ve had our foot off the pedals for a
   while, but we’re back on it big-style. We’ve got recipes banked up to
   post, stories to tell and finally, thankfully, we’ve got a bit of zim
   about us. This will be our year!

   Two final points: you can pre-order the cookbook now, and we’d love you
   forever and ever if you told your friends and slimming group members
   all about it – we promise you won’t be disappointed.

   CLICK HERE TO PRE-ORDER NOW!

   And, just to be clear, Paul and I aren’t splitting up. I just couldn’t
   do that to him. Honestly, he’s co-signed as a joint party on our book
   contract and I’ll be damned if he’s getting half of the spoils if he’s
   not around to scratch my feet and keep me centered.

   Enjoy!

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

   [INS: :INS]

What are you after?

     * airfryer (31)
     * barbecue (14)
     * beef (124)
          + beef joints (6)
          + beef mince (74)
          + diced beef (32)
          + steak (35)
     * breakfast (56)
     * budget (75)
     * classics (51)
     * desserts (41)
     * dips (18)
     * dressings (15)
     * drinks (11)
     * fakeaways (336)
          + american (70)
          + british (45)
          + burgers (35)
          + chinese (66)
          + chip shop (15)
          + fast food restaurants (68)
          + greek (19)
          + indian (26)
          + italian (63)
          + kebab shop (31)
          + mexican (12)
          + persian (24)
          + pizza (6)
          + sandwiches (26)
          + spanish (2)
          + thai (10)
     * lamb (12)
          + diced lamb (3)
          + lamb joints (4)
          + lamb mince (7)
     * low syn (342)
     * lunch (288)
     * naughty (6)
     * noodles (54)
     * one-pot (70)
     * overnight oats (15)
     * pasta (67)
     * pork (178)
          + bacon (80)
          + cured meats (25)
          + diced pork (5)
          + pork chops (10)
          + pork joints (18)
          + pork mince (21)
          + sausages (39)
     * poultry (137)
          + breast (116)
          + mince (19)
          + thighs (5)
          + whole (3)
     * pressure cooker (14)
     * pulses and grains (30)
     * recipe card (653)
     * rice (94)
     * salad (51)
     * sauces (36)
     * seafood (15)
     * slow cooker (28)
     * snacks (267)
          + savoury snacks (226)
          + sweet snacks (41)
     * soup (29)
     * speciality ingredients (64)
          + panko (28)
          + quark (38)
     * syn free (240)
     * taster ideas (248)
     * travel (79)
     * vegan (54)
     * vegetarian (164)

What yer after, pet?

   Search ____________________ Search

   Musclefood deal

Subscribe to Blog via Email

   Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
   notifications of new posts by email.

   Join 17,456 other subscribers

   Email Address ____________________

   Subscribe

Recent Posts

     * we are coming in your ears
     * pumpkin spice overnight oats, for which we apologise
     * Actifry salmon and dill croquettes
     * quick chicken kebab wraps – fakeaway style!
     * cheesy pea soup – yes, just like The Fast Show
     * eggy bread cups – a syn free breakfast idea
     * chicken taco wraps – and a bit of Spice
     * chicken, chorizo and seafood paella
     * cajun steak dirty rice, and time to feel proud!
     * BIG NEWS LADY! REAL BIG NEWS!

Disclaimer

   Please note that this is a personal blog and in absolutely no way does
   it represent Slimming World, their views, opinions, marketing or ethos.
   All photos and recipes belong to the owner and must not be distributed
   without our prior approval. All infringements of this will be followed
   up. Links to products earn us commission and we use this to pay for the
   blog, but we'll never advertise stuff we don't actually use ourselves.
   This is a blog about two young lads who just happen to be following the
   Slimming World diet and are posting the recipes we create and eat - it
   is, of course, up to you, to check your syn values and follow the plan
   however you like!

   [INS: :INS]

   Close and accept
   Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this
   website, you agree to their use.
   To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie
   Policy

   Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Zoren by FabThemes.
