   Associate Dean, Technology Strategy and Impact
   Gates Hall 5107, 5000 Forbes Avenue
   Carnegie Mellon University
   Pittsburgh, PA 15213
   justine @ cs.cmu.edu
   412.204.6268

   Justine Cassell is Associate Dean for Technology Strategy and Impact in
   the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, and
   Co-Director of the Simon Initiative. She is Director Emerita of the
   Human-Computer Interaction Institute, also in the School of Computer
   Science at CMU. Her complete CV can be found here
   .

   Prior to her arrival at CMU, Cassell was the founding director of both
   the Center for Technology and Social Behavior, and the Technology and
   Social Behavior joint Ph.D. in Communication and Computer Science at
   Northwestern University. Cassell previously held a tenured associate
   professor appointment at the MIT Media Lab where she directed the
   Gesture and Narrative Language Research Group.

   Cassell won the Edgerton prize at MIT in 2001, was the recipient of the
   AT&T Research Chair at Northwestern in 2006, in 2008 was awarded the
   Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision award for Leadership, in 2011 was
   named to the World Economic Forum Global Agenda Council on Robotics and
   Smart Devices (which she now chairs), in 2012 was named a AAAS Fellow
   and in 2016 was named both an RSE Fellow and ACM Fellow. Cassell has
   spoken at the World Economic Forum meetings at Davos in 2012, 2013,
   2014, 2015, 2016, and in 2017. In between, her work has been awarded a
   number of best paper prizes, and has received various other kinds of
   accolades.

   She holds a DEUG in Literature from the Université de Besançon
   (France), an M.Litt in Linguistics from the University of Edinburgh
   (Scotland), and a dual Ph.D. from the University of Chicago, in
   Psychology and in Linguistics.

   Cassell's research interests originated in the study of human-human
   conversation and storytelling. Progressively she became interested in
   allowing computational systems to participate in these activities. This
   new technological focus led her to deconstruct the linguistic elements
   of conversation and storytelling in such a way as to embody machines
   with conversational, social and narrative intelligence so that they can
   interact with humans in human-like ways. Increasingly, however, her
   research has come to address the impact and benefits of technologies
   such as these on learning and communication.

   In particular, Cassell is credited with developing the Embodied
   Conversational Agent (ECA), a virtual human capable of interacting with
   humans using both language and nonverbal behavior. More recently
   Cassell has investigated the role that the ECA can play in children's
   lives, as a virtual peer support for learning. The most recent
   instantiations of the virtual peer technology have been in the service
   of scaffolding the learning of contingent social skills in children
   with high-functioning autism (more information here), and understanding
   the ways in which children who come to school speaking non-mainstream
   dialects of English can maintain this important index of culture and
   identity, while still achieving school success (more information here).

   In other work, Cassell has employed linguistic and psychological
   metrics to examine the long term effects of online community on young
   people's self-esteem, self-efficacy, and sense of agency. This work
   focuses on the Junior Summit, the world's first large-scale online
   community for young people, which in 1998 brought together in an online
   forum more than 3000 young people from 139 countries.

   Once machines have human-like capabilities, can they be used to evoke
   the best communicative skills that humans are capable of, the richest
   learning? This is the goal of Cassell's research: to develop
   technologies that evoke from humans the most human and humane of our
   capabilities, and to study their effects on our evolving world.


                                 welcome |
                                  people |
                                 research |
                                 courses |
                                 activism |
                                  papers |
                                  press |

   [jc_pressPage.jpg]

   [JC_nameBIG_orange.gif]
