   Products
   Products
   Maps
   Smooth, fast, realtime maps
   Navigation
   Turn-by-turn routing
   Atlas
   Maps and location on-premise
   Search
   Turn addresses into coordinates
   Studio
   Design custom maps
   Vision
   Second set of eyes for your car
   Data
   Build with Mapbox data
   platforms
   Web
   Mobile
   AR
   Auto
   Solutions
   INDUSTRIES
   Consumer apps (B2C)LogisticsBusiness intelligenceGovernment
   USE CASES
   Store locatorTurn-by-turn navigationOn-demand logisticsAsset
   trackingData visualization
   Documentation
   Maps
   Mapbox GL JS
   Maps SDKs
   for iOSfor Androidfor Unityfor Qt
   help
   How Mapbox worksTutorials
   Navigation SDKs
   for iOSfor Android
   Studio
   Mapbox Studio manual
   Mapbox services
   Maps APIsNavigation APIsGeocoding API
   Company
   AboutCustomersCareersDiversity & Inclusion
   PricingBlog

LEGAL

   Mapbox is going to serve and protect your maps. For details, read our
   terms of service, service level agreement, privacy policy, & law
   enforcement guidelines.

   Government Terms
   Terms of service
   SLA
   Support Services
   Privacy
   Law Enforcement

Terms of service

   Terms of service

Terms of service

   Welcome to the future of mapping! We're glad you're here.

   This website, www.mapbox.com (the "site"), is owned and operated by
   Mapbox, Inc. and our affiliates ("Mapbox", "we" or “us”). By using the
   site, services provided on the site, our proprietary software made
   available to you via the site, or map content we make available to you
   through the services (collectively, "Services"), you agree to be bound
   by the following Terms of Service, as updated from time to time
   (collectively, the "Terms"). Please read them carefully. If you don’t
   agree to these Terms, you may not use the Services.

Signing up

    1. In order to use most Services, you must register for or
       authenticate into a Mapbox account. When you use our application
       program interfaces (APIs), each request to an API must include one
       of your account's unique API keys.
    2. Please carefully guard the security of your account and monitor use
       of your API keys. You are responsible for all use of the Services
       under your account, whether or not authorized, including any use of
       your API keys. At our discretion, we may make limited exceptions to
       this policy for unauthorized use of your account if you notify us
       of the problem promptly.
    3. You must be 13 years or older to use the Services. By registering
       as a user or providing personal information on the site, you
       represent that you are at least 13 years old.
    4. If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of your company
       or another legal entity, you represent that you have the authority
       to bind that entity to these Terms, in which case "you" will mean
       the entity you represent.
    5. If you are a United States government user or otherwise accessing
       or using any Mapbox service in a U.S. government capacity, these
       Terms are amended as set out in our U.S. Government Terms of
       Service.

Our services

    1. Subject to these Terms, we grant you a non-exclusive,
       non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license and right
       to:
    2. use the Services to develop online services and online, desktop, or
       mobile applications;
    3. make the Services available to end users in connection with their
       use of your online services and online, desktop, or mobile
       applications; and
    4. make up to 100 static exports of images from Studio.
    5. If you are looking to use enterprise-only products and services or
       obtain additional volume-based discounts, contact us about an
       Enterprise plan.
    6. As used in these Terms, “you may not” shall mean “you may not, and
       may not permit any third party to”.
    7. Unless stated otherwise below:
    8. you may not cache, store, or export any map content from the
       Services
    9. you may not redistribute any map content from the Services,
       including from a cache, by proxying, or by using a screenshot or
       other static image, instead of directly accessing via our APIs
   10. you may not resell or re-syndicate map content from the Services to
       any third party (e.g., act as a reseller or service bureau), except
       to distribute the map content your end users as an integrated part
       of your application
   11. you will display our required branding and attribution, including
       all links, when you use the Services, as outlined in our
       documentation
   12. in the event that you use any Mapbox software as described in our
       documentation (“Mapbox Software“), you may not interfere with,
       modify or limit the data that the Mapbox Software sends to us,
       whether by modifying the Mapbox Software or by other means, except
       as otherwise permitted by these Terms
   13. We may choose to make available to you products and services that
       are in beta or otherwise not generally available (“Evaluation
       Products”). By accessing such Evaluation Products, you agree to
       only use them for internal evaluation or testing purposes.

Mapping APIs

    1. The "Mapping APIs" means the Maps service APIs described in our
       documentation. You must access and use map tiles, static map
       images, style files, glyphs, and sprites that we provide to you
       (collectively "Map Assets”) only through our Mapping APIs.
    2. You may cache Map Assets on end-user devices (e.g., laptops,
       smartphones, or tablets) for offline use for up to 30 days, but
       each device must populate its cache using direct requests to the
       Mapping APIs and content from a cache may only be consumed by a
       single end user. On mobile devices, you may only cache up to the
       limits set in the applicable Mapbox SDK (defined below), and you
       may not circumvent or change those limits.
    3. You may use Studio or third-party software to trace Mapbox maps
       solely comprised of satellite imagery ("Mapbox Satellite Imagery")
       and produce derivative vector datasets (i) for non-commercial
       purposes and (ii) for OpenStreetMap. Except as permitted by this
       paragraph, you may not trace Mapbox maps.

Geocoding API

    1. You may use latitude and longitude information received from the
       Geocoding API, as defined in our documentation to position results
       on a map, but you may not display the latitudes or longitudes
       directly to end users. You may only query the Geocoding API in
       response to human user queries and human app interactions; you may
       not perform bulk or automated queries.
    2. You may not use results from the Geocoding API (a) to develop a
       general database of locations or addresses for any neighborhood,
       city, state, country, or other such geographic region, or to
       develop any other general purpose digital map database; (b) to
       develop or test another geocoding application or API; (c) in
       connection with navigation products preinstalled or integrated into
       automobiles by auto manufacturers, auto electronic component
       manufacturers or auto system integrators; or (d) for in-flight
       navigation.
    3. You may not use point of interest results from the Geocoding API
       (a) except in conjunction with a Mapbox map; (b) for lead
       generation, advertiser targeting or advertising analysis; (c) to
       create or augment user profiles or audience segments based on or
       derived from points of interest results (including, for clarity,
       calculations or analysis of footfall traffic for any point of
       interest); or (d) for geofencing -- i.e. to give end users
       real-time mobile alerts or personalized content based on the end
       user’s current proximity to a point of interest (giving users
       content in response to searches or map interactions does not
       constitute geofencing).
    4. The terms of this Geocoding API section are intended for the direct
       benefit of our third party suppliers and may also be enforced
       directly by those suppliers.

Mapbox on mobile

    1. To use the Services on mobile devices, your app must use one of the
       Mapbox maintained SDKs as described in our documentation(each, a
       "Mapbox SDK") as your exclusive means of accessing the Services. At
       any given time, the Mapbox Mobile SDK that you use must be the
       version that has been released within the immediately preceding 12
       months (unless no such update has been released). The Mapbox SDK
       you use will periodically send location and usage data (telemetry)
       to us, which we may use to improve our maps, provide information
       back to you about how your app is being used, and for other
       purposes consistent with our privacy policy.
    2. For all mobile applications that use Mapbox Services, you must:
    3. Limit use of your app to users at least 13 years of age or disable
       information sharing for users younger than 13.
    4. Obtain your users' affirmative express consent before you access
       their location (the automatic notifications in iOS and Android
       suffice).
    5. Disclose that location and usage data will be shared with Mapbox.
       Notification in your privacy policy is the minimum permitted, but
       we suggest you also offer a notification directly in your product
       interface the first time sharing is activated.
    6. Allow users to opt out of location data sharing using one of the
       methods described in our documentation.
    7. Comply with any additional local requirements related to
       information access or sharing.
    8. Not interfere with or limit the data that the Mapbox SDK sends to
       us, whether by modifying the SDK or by other means, except as
       otherwise required by the Terms
    9. For more detail, please review our privacy policy, telemetry page,
       and law enforcement guidelines.

Vision SDK

    1. “Vision SDK” means our proprietary software development kits that
       (1) display routing and map information on top of real-time
       imagery, (2) identify, classify and locate features in real-time
       imagery, and/or (3) have the additional capabilities included in
       our documentation.
    2. You may only use the Vision SDK in iOS and Android mobile
       applications. If you want to use Vision on other platforms, in
       embedded devices, or to obtain additional functionality, please
       contact sales to get an enterprise license.
    3. You may not save, download or otherwise store or cache any content,
       data and/or information generated by Vision SDK. You may not use
       the Vision SDK to develop a general database of locations or road
       features for any neighborhood, city, state, country, or other such
       geographic region, or to develop any other general purpose digital
       map database. You may not distribute the Vision SDK (i) in human
       readable form or (ii) on a standalone basis in any form. You may
       only distribute the Vision SDK in compiled object code format as
       part of an application (a) licensed under these Terms, (ii) that
       you own or control and (iii) that provides significant additional
       functionality to the Vision SDK. You are responsible for any use of
       the Vision SDK by users of your licensed application(s).
    4. By using the Vision SDK, you acknowledge that the Vision SDK will
       send front-facing camera imagery and derived information (the
       “Vision Data”). You will (i) not prevent or interfere with the
       Vision SDK sending the Vision Data to us and (ii) ensure that you
       have obtained the necessary rights for use of the Vision Data as
       permitted under this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that we
       may, free-of-charge and without restriction, exploit and make
       available the Vision Data.
    5. To the extent that you use the Android version of the Vision SDK,
       the following applies: Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (“QTI”) is an
       intended third-party beneficiary of these Terms and your use of the
       Vision SDK does not convey or otherwise provide any rights under
       any patents of QTI or its affiliates.
    6. Upon termination of your limited license to use the Vision SDK, you
       agree to immediately destroy all copies of the Vision SDK.

Studio

    1. If you use the places search function provided in the Studio
       dataset editor to place point features on a map, you must (1) only
       use such features internally, (2) not resell, sublicense or share
       such points with any third party, and (3) only use such points in
       compliance with the Geocoding API terms set forth above.

Boundaries Evaluation

    1. In the event we give you access to our administrative level polygon
       vector tiles (“Boundaries"), you shall:
    2. only use Boundaries in conjunction with a Mapbox Map for the sole
       purpose of internally evaluating whether to license Boundaries from
       us under an enterprise agreement;
    3. not (and shall not permit any third party to) trace or otherwise
       derive or extract content, data and/or information from Boundaries;
    4. not copy, disassemble, reverse engineer (except to the limited
       extent such restrictions are expressly prohibited by applicable
       statutory law), modify or alter any part of Boundaries; and
    5. not use Boundaries to test, validate or benchmark against any other
       product, service or dataset without our prior written consent (a
       “Permitted Benchmarking”); if there is a Permitted Benchmarking,
       you shall provide us with a summary of the results, which we may
       use free-of-charge and without restriction to improve our products
       and services.
    6. We may terminate your access to Boundaries at any time. Upon the
       termination of your access to Boundaries, you shall immediately
       cease all use, and destroy all copies, of Boundaries. Upon our
       written request, you shall provide us with written certification of
       deletion in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence.

Unlawful and other unauthorized uses

    1. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and
       third party agreements in your use of the Services. You are not
       (and are not 50% or more owned by one or more individuals,
       organizations or entities that are): (1) organized or located in a
       country or territory that is the target of sanctions imposed or (2)
       listed on any restricted or sanctioned party list maintained by the
       U.S. Government or any other country.
    2. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage or
       overburden the Services or interfere with any other party's use of
       the Services.
    3. You may not use the Services to:
    4. Disseminate material that is abusive, obscene, pornographic,
       defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, vulgar, threatening, or
       malicious;
    5. Aid or implementing practices violating basic human rights or civil
       liberties. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not use the Services
       to assist in the creation of databases of identifying information
       for any government to abrogate any human rights, civil rights, or
       civil liberties of individuals on the basis of race, gender or
       gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, or national origin;
    6. Disseminate or store material that infringes the copyright,
       trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property
       right of any person;
    7. Create a false identity or otherwise attempting to mislead others
       as to the identity or origin of any communication;
    8. Export, re-export, or permit downloading of any content in
       violation of any export or import law, regulation, or restriction
       of the United States and its agencies or authorities, or without
       all required approvals, licenses, or exemptions;
    9. Interfere with or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any
       computer network;
   10. Host with, transmit to or provide to us any information that is
       subject to specific government regulation, including, without
       limitation, Protected Health Information (as defined in the U.S.
       Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended),
       financial information (as regulated by the U.S. Financial Services
       Modernization Act, as amended), consumer reports and
       consumer-reporting information (as regulated by the U.S. Fair
       Credit Reporting Act, as amended) and information subject to export
       control or economic sanction laws;
   11. Operate dangerous businesses such as emergency services or air
       traffic control, where the use or failure of the Services could
       lead to death, personal injury or significant property damage;
   12. Transmit viruses, trojan horses, or any other malicious code or
       program; or
   13. Engage in any other activity reasonably deemed by Mapbox to be in
       conflict with the spirit or intent of these Terms.
   14. You may not modify, create derivative works from, reverse engineer,
       or attempt to derive any source code from the Services, except as
       expressly permitted by a written license from us. Further, unless
       expressly prohibited under applicable law, you may not use the
       Services to develop, test, validate and/or improve any service or
       dataset that is a substitute for, or substantially similar to, the
       Services (including any portion thereof).

End users and notification

    1. You may not allow your end users or other third parties to use the
       Services in any way that would be a violation of these Terms if
       done by you, and you agree to take reasonable efforts to prevent
       such use. You agree to promptly notify Mapbox in writing if you
       become aware of any misappropriation or unauthorized use of the
       Services.

Documentation

    1. In addition to the requirements above, you agree to adhere to the
       policies posted on this site in conjunction with the Services,
       including accompanying documentation. Those policies are
       incorporated by reference into these Terms.

Charges and payment

    1. You agree to pay all fees owed for your use of the Services, as
       calculated by our records based on our publicly available pricing,
       currently located at www.mapbox.com/pricing. All charges are
       non-refundable unless expressly prohibited by applicable law. We
       may charge your credit card on an recurring basis for any amounts
       that you owe us, some of which may require advance payments.
    2. You acknowledge and agree that failure to use the current version
       of Mapbox Software may result in potentially different (and higher)
       fees being charged to you, and agree to pay any such fees as
       calculated by us.
    3. Late payments may bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (or
       the highest rate permitted by law, if less) from the payment due
       date until paid in full. You will be responsible for all reasonable
       expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by us in collecting
       such delinquent amounts.
    4. We are not responsible for any bank fees, interest charges, finance
       charges, over draft charges, or other fees resulting from charges
       billed by Mapbox. Currency exchange settlements will be based on
       agreements between you and the provider of your credit card.
    5. Our listed fees do not include taxes, and you agree to pay all
       sales/use, gross receipts, value-added, GST, personal property or
       other tax (including any interest and penalties) with respect to
       the transactions and payments under these Terms, other than taxes
       based on our net income, employees or real property. You agree to
       work with us to help us obtain any necessary withholding or royalty
       tax exemptions where applicable.
    6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all payments made by you to us under
       these Terms will be made free and clear of any deduction or
       withholding, as may be required by law. If any such deduction or
       withholding (including but not limited to cross-border withholding
       taxes) is required on any payment, you will pay such additional
       amounts as are necessary so that the net amount received by us
       after such deduction or withholding, will be equal to the full
       amount that we would have received if no deduction or withholding
       had been required. The payment of any taxes, charges or fees
       required to be deducted or withheld from payments due to us, and
       the filing of any information or tax returns with respect thereto,
       shall be your responsibility. Upon your reasonable request, we will
       provide you with any existing tax forms in our possession that
       would reduce or eliminate the amount of any such withholding or
       deduction for taxes.

Ownership

Your content

     * You retain ownership of all content that you contribute to the
       Services via Mapbox Studio, Mapbox Studio Classic, the Dataset API,
       the Tileset API, and the Uploads API, excluding any content that
       you receive from Mapbox ("Your Content").
     * Limited to the purpose of hosting Your Content so that we can
       provide the Services to you, you hereby grant Mapbox a
       non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, transferable
       and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, cache, publish,
       display, distribute, modify, create derivative works, and store
       Your Content and to allow others to do so. This right and license
       enables Mapbox to host and mirror your content on its distributed
       platform. You warrant, represent, and agree that you have the right
       to grant Mapbox these rights.
     * On termination of your account, Mapbox will make reasonable efforts
       to promptly remove from the site and cease use of Your Content;
       however, you recognize and agree that caching of or references to
       the content may not be immediately removed.‍

Our content and third party content

     * Other than Your Content, all content displayed on the site or
       accessible through the Services, including text, images, maps,
       software or source code, are the property of Mapbox and/or third
       parties and are protected by United States and international
       intellectual property laws. Logos and product names appearing on or
       in connection with the Services are proprietary to Mapbox or our
       licensors. You may not remove any proprietary notices or product
       identification labels from the Services.

Feedback

     * You agree that we may freely exploit and make available any and all
       feedback, suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, recommendations
       or other information you provide to us relating to the Services.

Publicity

    1. We're proud to have you as a customer. During the term of this
       agreement, you hereby grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive,
       royalty-free, fully paid-up, transferable and sublicensable license
       to use your trademarks, service marks, and logos for the purpose of
       identifying you as a Mapbox customer to promote and market our
       services. But if you prefer we not use your logo or name in a
       particular way, just let us know, and we will respect that.

Account cancellation or suspension

    1. We don't want you to leave, but you may cancel at any time.
       However, we do not give pro-rated refunds for unused time if you
       cancel during the middle of a billing cycle.
    2. If you breach any of these Terms, we may immediately without notice
       cancel or suspend your account and the limited license granted to
       you hereunder automatically terminates, without notice to you. Upon
       termination of the limited license, you agree to immediately
       destroy any materials downloaded from the Services. In addition,
       Mapbox may cancel or suspend your account for any reason by
       providing you 30 days' advance notice.
    3. Upon cancellation or suspension, your right to use the Services
       will stop immediately. You may not have access to data that you
       stored on the site after we cancel or suspend your account. You are
       responsible for backing up data that you use with the Services. If
       we cancel your account in its entirety without cause, we will
       refund to you on a pro-rata basis the amount of your payment
       corresponding to the portion of your service remaining right before
       we cancelled your account.

Changes to services or terms

    1. We may modify these Terms and other terms related to your use of
       the Services (like our privacy policy) from time to time, by
       posting the changed terms on the site. All changes will be
       effective immediately upon posting to the site unless they specify
       a later date. Changes will not apply retroactively. Please check
       these Terms periodically for changes - your continued use of the
       Services after new terms become effective constitutes your binding
       acceptance of the new terms.
    2. We may change the features and functions of the Services, including
       APIs. It is your responsibility to ensure that calls or requests
       you make to the Services are compatible with our then-current APIs.
       We attempt to avoid changes to our APIs that are not backwards
       compatible, but such changes may occasionally be required. If that
       happens, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you prior to
       deploying the changes.

Indemnification

    1. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Mapbox and its
       subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, partners, and employees
       from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
       arising out of:
    2. Your use of the Services;
    3. Your violation of these Terms;
    4. Your end users’ use of the Services in or through an application or
       service you provide;
    5. Content you or your end users submit, post to, extracts from, or
       transmit through the Services.

Disclaimers

    1. “As is," "as available" and "with all faults." YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE
       THAT THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SITE AND ITS
       SOFTWARE, SERVICES, MAPS, AND OTHER CONTENT, INCLUDING ANY
       THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE, SERVICES, MEDIA, OR OTHER CONTENT MADE
       AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE SITE, ARE PROVIDED ON
       AN "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE", "WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS AND WITHOUT
       WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
       IMPLIED.
    2. No warranties. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO
       APPLICABLE LAW, MAPBOX DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS
       OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
       FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF
       PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR
       WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM MAPBOX OR THROUGH THE SITE, WILL
       CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.
    3. Website operation. MAPBOX DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES,
       INCLUDING ANY SOFTWARE, SERVICES, MAPS, OR CONTENT OFFERED ON OR
       THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY SITES REFERRED TO ON OR BY THE
       SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER
       HARMFUL COMPONENTS AND DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY OF THE FOREGOING
       WILL BE CORRECTED.
    4. Non-Mapbox content. WHEN USING THE SERVICES YOU MAY BE EXPOSED TO
       USER SUBMISSIONS AND OTHER THIRD PARTY CONTENT ("NON-MAPBOX
       CONTENT"), AND SOME OF THIS CONTENT MAY BE INACCURATE, OFFENSIVE,
       INDECENT, OR OTHERWISE OBJECTIONABLE. WE DO NOT ENDORSE ANY
       NON-MAPBOX CONTENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL MAPBOX BE LIABLE
       FOR OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-MAPBOX CONTENT, INCLUDING FOR ANY
       INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS IN ANY NON-MAPBOX CONTENT, ANY
       INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO ANY NON-MAPBOX
       CONTENT, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT
       OF THE USE OF ANY NON-MAPBOX CONTENT.
    5. Accuracy. MAPBOX DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS
       REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY
       THIRD PARTY SITES REFERRED TO ON OR BY THE SITE IN TERMS OF
       CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
    6. Driving directions. DRIVING CAN BE DANGEROUS, AND USE OF OUR APIS
       IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OUR
       DIRECTIONS API AND OPTIMIZED TRIPS API IS NOT INTENDED TO REPLACE
       THE INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THE ROAD. IN THE EVENT THAT THE
       INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THE ROAD (FOR EXAMPLE, BY TRAFFIC LIGHTS,
       TRAFFIC SIGNS, OR POLICE OFFICERS) DIFFERS FROM INFORMATION
       PROVIDED BY THE API, DO NOT RELY ON THE API. YOU AND YOUR USERS
       MUST OBSERVE ALL TRAFFIC LAWS WHILE USING THE SERVICE. IF YOU USE
       THE DIRECTIONS API OR OPTIMIZED TRIPS API IN AN APPLICATION OR
       SERVICE THAT YOU PROVIDE TO END USERS, YOU MUST DISCLOSE THIS
       POLICY TO YOUR USERS.
    7. Harm to your computer. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU USE,
       ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN SOFTWARE, SERVICES, MAPS, OR
       CONTENT THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY SITES REFERRED TO ON OR
       BY THE SITE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE
       SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING YOUR
       COMPUTER SYSTEM) OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD OR
       USE.
    8. Jurisdiction. CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON
       IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN
       DAMAGES. IF YOU RESIDE IN SUCH A JURISDICTION, SOME OR ALL OF THE
       ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU,
       AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS
       OF WARRANTIES, REMEDIES, OR LIABILITY CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS
       APPLY TO YOU TO THE FULLEST EXTENT SUCH LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS
       ARE PERMITTED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH YOU ARE
       LOCATED.

Limitation of liability

    1. Limitation of liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, AND UNDER NO LEGAL
       THEORY, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL MAPBOX OR ITS AFFILIATES,
       CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS OR
       SUPPLIERS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
       CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS,
       DATA, OR USE OR COST OF COVER) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE
       TERMS OR THAT RESULT FROM YOUR USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE
       SERVICES OR THE SITE, INCLUDING SOFTWARE, SERVICES. MAPS, CONTENT,
       USER SUBMISSIONS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY SITES REFERRED TO ON OR BY THE
       SITE, EVEN IF MAPBOX OR A MAPBOX AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN
       ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
    2. Limitation of damages. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF
       MAPBOX OR ITS AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR THIRD
       PARTY PARTNERS, LICENSORS, OR SUPPLIERS TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES,
       LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE
       TERMS THE SERVICES OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
       TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE
       GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100 USD) OR FEES PAID OR PAYABLE
       TO MAPBOX IN THE TWELVE MONTHS PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE ON WHICH
       THE DAMAGE OCCURRED.
    3. Claim period. YOU AND MAPBOX AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING
       OUT OF THESE TERMS OR RELATED TO MAPBOX MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE
       (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE
       OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act compliance

    1. If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof, and believe that
       any user submission or other Mapbox content infringes upon your
       copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital
       Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our copyright agent
       with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C § 512(c)(3)
       for further detail):
    2. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
       behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
       infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have
       been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on Mapbox are
       covered by a single notification, a representative list of such
       works from Mapbox;
    3. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or
       to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed
       or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably
       sufficient to permit Mapbox to locate the material;
    4. Information reasonably sufficient to permit Mapbox to contact the
       complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if
       available, an electronic mail address;
    5. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that
       use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized
       by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
    6. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate,
       and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is
       authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that
       is allegedly infringed.
    7. Please email your notification to the Legal Department at
       copyright@mapbox.com

Additional terms

    1. You agree to keep the contact information associated with your
       Mapbox account current and complete.
    2. You may not encourage others to violate these Terms, including by
       selling products or services that would violate these Terms if the
       products or services are used in their intended manner.
    3. You may not take any action that improperly decreases the fees that
       you owe us (e.g., create multiple accounts for the purpose of not
       exceeding the monthly free usage credits). In the event that we
       discover any such misuse, you agree that we may (in addition to all
       other remedies) charge you for all fees that you should have paid
       if you had not improperly used our Services.
    4. Upon written notice to you, we may (or may appoint appoint a
       nationally recognized certified public accountant or independent
       auditor to) audit your use of the Services and Mapbox Software to
       ensure it is in compliance with these Terms. Any audit will be
       conducted during regular business hours, no more than once per
       12-month period and upon at least 30 days’ prior written notice
       (except where we have reasonable belief that a violation of these
       Terms has occurred or is occurring), and will not unreasonably
       interfere with your business activities. You will provide us with
       reasonable access to the relevant records and facilities.
    5. You shall not assign these Terms or any right, interest or benefit
       hereunder without the prior written consent of Mapbox, which may be
       withheld for any reason or no reason at all. Mapbox may assign (i)
       these Terms to an affiliate, (ii) these Terms or any right,
       interest or benefit hereunder to a third party in connection with a
       collection proceeding against you, and (iii) these Terms in their
       entirety to its successor in interest pursuant to a merger,
       acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or
       substantially all of that party’s business or assets to which these
       Terms relate. These Terms shall benefit Mapbox and its successors
       and assignees.
    6. These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the
       laws of California, without giving effect to any principles of
       conflicts of law. Any action arising out of or relating to these
       Terms must be filed in the state or federal courts for San
       Francisco County, California, USA, and you hereby consent and
       submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of these
       courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
    7. A provision of these Terms may be waived only by a written
       instrument executed by the party entitled to the benefit of such
       provision. The failure of Mapbox to exercise or enforce any right
       or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such
       right or provision. Mapbox reserves all rights not expressly
       granted to you.
    8. If any provision of these Terms is held to be unlawful, void, or
       for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
       severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and
       enforceability of any remaining provisions. Headings are for
       convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
    9. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency
       relationship exists between you and Mapbox as a result of these
       Terms or your use of the Services. You further acknowledge no
       confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied, or other
       relationship is created between you and Mapbox other than pursuant
       to these Terms.

Changelog

     * September 12, 2019: Added single sign-on terms.
     * July 16, 2019: Updated name of Enterprise Boundaries to Boundaries.
     * July 1, 2019: Removed the default restriction that Services have to
       be used in conjunction with a Mapbox map. Point of interest results
       from the Geocoding API and Enterprise Boundaries must still be used
       in conjunction with a Mapbox map.
     * June 1, 2019: Limited static image exports from Studio to 100.
     * May 22, 2019: Updates to reflect pricing changes; removal of
       commercial and private application restrictions; addition of late
       payment interest and attorneys’ fees; addition of audit right for
       non-geocoding services; updated tax language; and minor corrections
       and reorganizations for clarity.
     * April 12, 2019: Added Vision SDK terms. Updated Mapbox Mobile SDK
       definition and sanctioned party language.
     * July 9, 2018: Added Enterprise Boundaries evaluation terms.
     * July 2, 2018: Updated definition of commercial mobile applications.
     * April 12, 2018: Added Valhalla APIs use restrictions.
     * March 15, 2018: Added sanctioned party restrictions.
     * December 22, 2017: Re-added Maps SDK for Unity to the list of
       Mobile SDKs.
     * December 6, 2017: Updated the list of permitted Mapbox Mobile SDKs
       and renamed the named Mapbox SDKs in accordance with the latest
       guidelines.
     * November 8, 2017: Removed references to legacy plans that are no
       longer offered and extraneous reference to SLA, added terms to the
       "Additional terms" section, and made other minor language clean up
       edits.
     * August 30, 2017: Updated language to reflect new Commercial Plan;
       added restriction on multiple accounts and encouraging violations
       of the Mapbox Terms of Service.
     * August 9, 2017: Updated DMCA agent information.
     * June 16, 2017: Added the Mapbox Maps SDK for Unity as a permitted
       SDK on mobile.
     * April 12, 2017: Added the Optimized Trips API.
     * February 1, 2017: Clarified that users may not use the Services to
       target individuals based on race, gender or gender identity, sexual
       orientation, religion, or national origin.
     * August 23, 2016: Added Studio section; added restrictions related
       to PHI and dangerous businesses; clarified update procedure and
       other minor edits.
     * June 13, 2016: Updated Mapping API language to apply to all mapping
       APIs and map-related assets; added prohibition on attempting to
       de-anonymizing mobile data; other edits to clarify and simplify
       language.
     * March 8, 2016: Updated mobile and geocoding terms, add directions
       and map matching terms.
     * December 15, 2015: Changed choice of law and venue to California.
     * September 3, 2015: Added publicity section.
     * August 31, 2015: Clarified temporary geocoding caching.
     * July 6, 2015: Add terms for free mobile tiles.
     * June 9, 2015: Comprehensive revision, including updates to improve
       organization, add explicit license grant for use of map content,
       and updates to indemnity, warranty, and limitation of liability
       provisions.
     * February 8, 2015: Clarified content ownership: it remains fully
       with customer.
     * January 21, 2015: "Improve this map" link now required on all maps.
     * October 23, 2014: Prohibit use of Services to aid or implement
       practices that violate basic human rights or civil liberties.
     * October 8, 2014: Non-public use is a plans-level feature now.
     * October 6, 2014: Clarified caching policy to refer to Mapbox-hosted
       maps.
     * September 17th, 2014: Added section on Geocoding API
     * August 18th, 2014: Clarified commercial use around mobile and
       public applications.
     * August 4th, 2014: Changed place of jurisdiction from Washington DC
       to Delaware.
     * May 5th, 2014: Added section on Directions API
     * April 10th, 2014: Added section on commercial tracing for satellite
       imagery and allowing OpenStreetMap tracing
     * November 1, 2013: Clarify that per-device caching extends to all
       consumer devices, not only mobile devices
     * March 28, 2013: Added sections describing use of DigitalGlobe
       imagery
     * February 23, 2013: Clarified sections "Using Mapbox," "Charges &
       Payment," and "Account Cancellation or Suspension"
     * November 2, 2012: Added language on attribution
     * April 6, 2012: Added section on "Caching Mapbox Maps"
     * February 21, 2012: Free usage limits are now defined on the plans
       page. 15-day guarantee has been replaced with the free account.
     * September 26, 2011: TileStream Hosting has been renamed to Mapbox
       Hosting.
     * September 13, 2011: Added sections pertaining to Subscriber
       content.
     * April 26, 2011: Added sections pertaining to TileStream Hosting.

Want to receive updates on our sub-processors?

Please subscribe below:

   ____________________ Get updates
   Stay tuned for updates!
   Please enter an email address that includes @.
     * company
     * About
     * Customers
     * Community
     * Careers
     * Diversity & Inclusion
     * Team
     * Blog
     * Press
     * Contact

     * resources
     * Help
     * Documentation
     * Events
     * Data Live sessions
     * Open source

     * Products
     * Maps
     * Navigation
     * Atlas
     * Search
     * Studio
     * Vision
     * Data
     * —
     * Pricing

     * use cases
     * Store locator
     * Turn-by-turn navigation
     * On-demand logistics
     * Data visualization
     * Asset tracking

   © Mapbox
   TermsPrivacySecurity
   We rolled out new pricing! Read more about the changes
   (BUTTON)
   You are using an outdated browser and will encounter some problems with
   our website. Please consider upgrading.
   Upgrade Now
   Studio
   Account
   (BUTTON) Products
   Products
   Maps

   Smooth, fast, real-time maps
   Search

   Turn addresses into coordinates
   Navigation

   Turn-by-turn routing
   Studio

   Design custom maps
   Atlas

   Maps and location on-premise
   Data

   Build with Mapbox data
   Platforms
   Web
   Mobile
   AR
   Auto
   (BUTTON) Solutions
   Industries
     * Consumer apps (B2C)
     * Logistics
     * Business intelligence
     * Government

   Use Cases
     * Asset tracking
     * Store locator
     * Turn-by-turn navigation
     * On-demand logistics
     * Data visualization

   Built with Mapbox blog
   (BUTTON) DocsDocumentation
   Documentation
   Maps
     * Mapbox GL JS

   Maps SDKs
     * for iOS
     * for Android
     * for Unity

   Navigation
   Navigation SDKs
     * for iOS
     * for Android

   Studio
     * Mapbox Studio manual

   Mapbox services
     * Maps APIs
     * Navigation APIs
     * Geocoding API

   Help
     * How Mapbox works
       Learn how the Mapbox platform works
     * Tutorials
       Start with a guide or explore project ideas
     * Developer network
       Find a developer to help your project

   More documentation
   More help
   (BUTTON) Company
     * About
     * Customers
     * Careers
     * Diversity & Inclusion
     * Community

   Pricing
   Blog
   Sign in
   (BUTTON)
   AccountStudioAdminAtlasDocumentation
   (BUTTON)
   Sign out
   (BUTTON)
   Products
     * Maps
     * Search
     * Navigation
     * Studio
     * Atlas
     * Data

   Platforms
     * Mobile
     * AR

   Industries
     * Consumer apps (B2C)
     * Logistics
     * Business intelligence
     * Government

   Customers
   Documentation
   Pricing
   Contact
   About
   Careers
   Team
   Blog
   StudioAccountAdminSettingsHelp
   Account
   Studio
   (BUTTON)
   Sign out
   Sign in

Explore. Move. Connect.

   Build with live location data
   Start building

Mapbox is a Live Location Platform

   Our tools let developers build a new world powered by location data.
   Real-time updates. Total customization. Developers first.

   Mobile apps

   Navigation

   Augmented reality

   Data visualization
   Mobile

Create new worlds

   Embed extensible, custom maps, location search, and turn by turn
   directions into your app, built on a network of over 600 million
   monthly users.
   Learn more
   Navigation

Get there faster

   Amaze your users and change your industry with realtime routing and
   asset tracking, backed by ultra-fast, traffic-aware ETAs.
   Learn more
   Model by Poly / CC BY
   Augmented Reality

Defy reality

   Map augmented reality to the physical world. Points of interest, live
   location data, and global object persistence for multi-user AR
   experiences and games.
   Learn more
   Data Visualization

Make better decisions

   The fastest, most flexible tools for visualizing geospatial data —
   available on the web, desktop, and mobile.
   Learn more

More than 1.6 million live location developers build with Mapbox.

   Live location is a network effect — empowered developers, decentralized
   sensors, and ubiquitous devices all feeding back live location data.

   Together, this network powers a live map that’s used by more than 600
   million people every month.

   These customers build with Mapbox.
   View customer stories

Ready to start building?

   Sign up for free to get an access token or talk to a member of our
   sales team.
   Start building
   Talk to sales
   Products
   Maps
   Search
   Navigation
   Studio
   Atlas
   Data
   Pricing
   Use cases
   Asset tracking
   Store locator
   Turn-by-turn navigation
   On-demand logistics
   Data visualization
   Resources
   Documentation
   Help
   Events
   Webinars
   Open source
   Company
   About
   Customers
   Community
   Careers
   Diversity & Inclusion
   Team
   Blog
   Press
   Contact
   © MapboxTermsPrivacySecurity
   Products
   Products
   Maps
   Smooth, fast, realtime maps
   Navigation
   Turn-by-turn routing
   Atlas
   Maps and location on-premise
   Search
   Turn addresses into coordinates
   Studio
   Design custom maps
   Vision
   Second set of eyes for your car
   Data
   Build with Mapbox data
   platforms
   Web
   Mobile
   AR
   Auto
   Solutions
   INDUSTRIES
   Consumer apps (B2C)LogisticsBusiness intelligenceGovernment
   USE CASES
   Store locatorTurn-by-turn navigationOn-demand logisticsAsset
   trackingData visualization
   Documentation
   Maps
   Mapbox GL JS
   Maps SDKs
   for iOSfor Androidfor Unityfor Qt
   help
   How Mapbox worksTutorials
   Navigation SDKs
   for iOSfor Android
   Studio
   Mapbox Studio manual
   Mapbox services
   Maps APIsNavigation APIsGeocoding API
   Company
   AboutCustomersCareersDiversity & Inclusion
   PricingBlog

Mapbox Data Attribution

A mapping platform powered by the best data in the world

   Mapbox PlatformMapbox StudioData sourcesReport issue

Mapbox is a mapping platform for developers

   Our building blocks make it easy to integrate location into any mobile
   or online application. We want to change the way people move around
   cities and understand our planet.
   Developer sign up

Design maps with Mapbox Studio

   The Mapbox Studio style editor opens up complete design control,
   allowing you to design custom vector maps to perfectly match your map
   to your brand.
   Learn moreMake your own map

Sign up, it's free!

   Mapbox is free to start on both mobile and web. Pick a map design and
   add it to your app, or design your own maps with the Mapbox Studio
   style editor.
   Sign upOr check out our pricing page

Data Sources

Mapbox Streets

   Licensed under our Terms of Service.

   OpenStreetMap contributors create and improve its map data, licensed
   under the ODbL.

Mapbox Satellite

   Licensed under our Terms of Service.

   Includes commercial imagery acquired and processed by DigitalGlobe;
   Nearmap; Geodatastyrelsen, FOT Orthophoto, 2014; LGV Hamburg; National
   Land Survey of Finland, NLS Orthophotos, 2014; LINZ Data Service (CC BY
   3.0 NZ);Geoportal Berlin, DOP orthophotos, 2014; Town of Banff Open
   Data Imagery; City of Kamloops Open Data Imagery(Open Government
   License - Kamloops); NASA; USDA; and USGS.

Mapbox Terrain

   Licensed under our Terms of Service.

   Includes commercial terrain data from Intermap® NEXTMap® USA and
   Europe, 5 meter posted, Type II Digital Terrain Model; Geographx.
   Includes open data from l'Institut national de l'information
   géographique et forestière, 2013; the Government of Canada (Open
   Government Licence – Canada); The National Land Survey of Finland
   Topographic Database, 2013 (NLS ODL); © Norwegian Mapping Authority
   (CC-BY 3.0 NO); Ordnance Survey data © Crown copyright and database
   right 2013; INEGI; Geodatastyrelsen, DHM / Terrain (1.6 m grid), 2014;
   The National Dynamic Land Cover Dataset © Geoscience Australia (CC-BY
   2.5 AU); United States Geological Survey; NASA/JPL.

Mapbox Places

   Licensed under our Terms of Service.

   Contains information from the New Jersey Office of Information
   Technology, Office of Geographic Information Systems (NJOIT - OGIS).
   Contains information licensed under the GeoNB Open Data Licence.
   Includes place data from Quattroshapes (CC-BY); US Census TIGER; Flickr
   Shapefiles Public Dataset 2.0; Japanese Ministry of Land,
   Infrastructure & Transport; Australian Bureau of Statistics; Austrian
   Address Register (2015-07-15 release); Government of Nova Scotia;
   Canvec Product licensed under the Open Government Licence – Canada;
   Norwegian Mapping Authority, ©Kartverket (CC-BY); INEGI; CNIGS; IBGE;
   IGN; Estonian Land Board.
   Adapted from Statistics Canada, Census Boundaries, 2010. This does not
   constitute an endorsement by Statistics Canada of this product.
   Incorporates or developed using G-NAF ©PSMA Australia Limited licensed
   by the Commonwealth of Australia under the Open Geo-coded National
   Address File (G-NAF) End User Licence Agreement.
   Includes place data supplied by GfK GeoMarketing. Australian dataset is
   partially based on ABS data which is used with permission from the
   Australian Bureau of Statistics. Brazilian dataset is partially based
   on IBGE data which is used with permission from the Instituto
   Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística. Canadian dataset is partially
   based on Department of Natural Resources Canada data. Democratic
   Republic of the Congo dataset is partially based on Référentiel
   Géographique Commun data. Estonian dataset is partially based on
   Estonian Land Board data 2008. Portuguese dataset is partially based on
   Instituto Geográfico Português data. South African dataset is partially
   based on data from the Department of Water Affairs, the Municipal
   Demarcation Board, and National Geospatial Information.
   This website / product / service contains information that is copied or
   extracted from data made available by the Government of Hong Kong
   Special Administrative Region (the "Government") at https://DATA.GOV.HK
   ("DATA.GOV.HK"). The provision of information copied or extracted from
   or a link to DATA.GOV.HK at this website or in relation to the product
   or service shall not constitute any form of co-operation or affiliation
   by the Government with any person in relation to this website, the
   product or the service or any contents herein. Nothing in this website,
   the product or the service shall give rise to any representation,
   warranty or implication that the Government agrees with, approves of,
   recommends or endorses any contents of this website or the product or
   the service. The Government does not have any liability, obligation or
   responsibility whatsoever for any loss, destruction or damage
   (including without limitation consequential loss, destruction or
   damage) howsoever arising from or in respect of your use or misuse of
   or reliance on or inability to use any contents herein.
   Includes neighborhood data from Zillow.
   Contains neighborhood information Quartiers administratifs, which is
   available from Paris Data under the Open Database License (ODbL).
   Includes Marseille neighborhood data Quartiers de Marseille,
   data.gouv.fr, Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 (CC-BY 2.0).
   Includes Ireland Townlands data, Ordnance Survey Ireland, Creative
   Commons Attribution 4.0 (CC-BY 4.0).
   Contains OS data © Crown copyright and database right 2017.Includes
   district, place and postcode data that are Copyright © TAA «Kantynent
   Infarmatsyynyya Tekhnalogii», 2010-2017
   Includes "Postal code polygons" published by Correos de México. Data
   obtained from Ubicacion y poligonos geograficos de los codigos postales
   en la republica mexicanaon 2019-01-30.
   Includes locality data Dane z państwowego rejestru granic i powierzchni
   jednostek podziałów terytorialnych kraju - PRG, Główny Urząd Geodezji i
   Kartografii (Poland Head Office of Geodesy and Cartography), Creative
   Commons Uznanie Autorstwa 3.0 Polska.
   Contains information by OpenStreetMap contributors, which OpenStreetMap
   makes available under the Open Database License (ODbL).
   Includes data from GeoNames (CC-BY).
   Includes points of interest (POIs) from Foursquare.

Elevation API

   Contains ArcticDEM terrain data DEM(s) that was created from
   DigitalGlobe, Inc., imagery and funded under National Science
   Foundation awards 1043681, 1559691, and 1542736; Australia terrain data
   © Commonwealth of Australia (Geoscience Australia) 2017; Austria
   terrain data © offene Daten Österreichs – Digitales Geländemodell (DGM)
   Österreich; Canada terrain data contains information licensed under the
   Open Government Licence – Canada; Europe terrain data produced using
   Copernicus data and information funded by the European Union - EU-DEM
   layers; Global ETOPO1 terrain data U.S. National Oceanic and
   Atmospheric Administration; Mexico terrain data source: INEGI,
   Continental relief, 2016; New Zealand terrain data Copyright 2011 Crown
   copyright (c) Land Information New Zealand and the New Zealand
   Government (All rights reserved); Norway terrain data © Kartverket;
   United Kingdom terrain data © Environment Agency copyright and/or
   database right 2015. All rights reserved; and United States 3DEP
   (formerly NED) and global GMTED2010 and SRTM terrain data courtesy of
   the U.S. Geological Survey.

Mapbox Mars

   Includes terrain data from HRSCview, Freie Universitaet Berlin and DLR
   Berlin; NASA/JPL; place data from the International Astronomical Union
   Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature, Gazetteer of Planetary
   Nomenclature; imagery from NASA/JPL/Malin Space Science Systems.

Designed by the Mapbox team

   Mapbox is an open source mapping platform for developers and designers
   at enterprise scale.
   Sign up

Report a map issue

   Spot something on the map you're not sure about editing? Don't have
   time to sign up for an account? E-mail us your feedback.
   Report a map issue

     * company
     * About
     * Customers
     * Community
     * Careers
     * Diversity & Inclusion
     * Team
     * Blog
     * Press
     * Contact

     * resources
     * Help
     * Documentation
     * Events
     * Webinars
     * Open source

     * Products
     * Maps
     * Navigation
     * Atlas
     * Search
     * Studio
     * Vision
     * Data
     * —
     * Pricing

     * use cases
     * Store locator
     * Turn-by-turn navigation
     * On-demand logistics
     * Data visualization
     * Asset tracking

   © Mapbox
   TermsPrivacySecurity
