                         ESL Pronunciation Work Page
    Created originally to accompany Academic Spoken English pronunciation
                  classwork - Learn english language fast!

                                 [INS: :INS]

     English language is used throughout the world, whether you are
     immigrating to an english speaking country, want to conduct business
     with english speakers or just want to learn this foreign language
     just for fun this site is for you. With these links you can listen
     to native english speakers, some with different American accents and
     dialects, and hear examples of the topics we have been studying in
     our classes.   Take your time with these lessons, learning a new
     language is not easy, but with exercises shown on this page you will
     master the english language in no time. While online guides are
     great way to get started, best way to learn a new language is to
     attend ESL (english as a second language) classes in a local school.
     This option is often less convenient than studying online, but by
     having a trained language specialist work with you on your
     pronunciation skills you will learn the english language in no time.
     Classes like these are usually cheap and often free, to get more
     information about where to sign up visit your local community
     college or your local immigration organization. Learn English in
     England  Lingua School an accredited language school or even better,
     learn a language in the land of its origin. Joining Summer Camps in
     Lyon is a great way to learn english first hand. Could Learning
     English Change Someone's Life?

     I encourage you to complete the activities available to check your
     understanding of the material as well.

                                 [INS: :INS]

   Listening

     Listening Activities - K. Trickel
     Interesting listening passages and activities for self-checking
     comprehension.

         Assignment:  what syllables and words do you hear reduced?  What
     happens to the other words/syllables around the reduced
     words/syllables?

     Holly's ESL Listening Practice Page
     Click on a listening passage in the left-hand frame.  Mardi Gras is
     an especially good sound clip with different accents.

         Assignment:  Listen for word stress and intonation. What
     intonation patterns do you hear?  When?  Are content words
     stressed?  Are there any other words that the speaker emphasizes?
     Why?

     Randall's ESL Cyber Listening Lab
     I suggest you work on the difficult and/or very difficult passages
     and activities.  Make sure you  look all the way down the page.
     There are various topics and activities.  Some accents  here are
     from the northern states.

     All Things Considered - NPR
     These are interviews or stories that have been on National Public
     Radio.  (In Gainesville, 89.1)

     Interactive Listening Comprehension Practice
     Several radio shows linked with comprehension activities.

     Dave Sperling -- The power of the internet in ESL teaching
     An actual presentation from the webauthor of the popular site,
     Dave's ESL Cafe.  California accent.  Listen especially to emphasis
     and pausing.

     Poetry Readings
     If you want something a little different.  Listen for word stress,
     thought groups, and intonation.  Sometimes you may even get to hear
     some alliteration (same sounds repeated for an interesting poetic
     effect).

     National Public Radio Programs
     There are a variety of different kinds of programs here: news,
     commentary, true stories, etc.  Listen to their speech.

     English Channel
     Listening and information about telephoning and presentations.
     British and American accents.  The listening section about
     complaints on the telephone is quite useful for hearing emphasis.

     English Listening Lounge

     Regional Accents -- A set of interesting listening links compiled by
     R. Williams.

   Practicing

     Using these links you can hear specific sounds and can practice
     duplicating them.  Remember that you can also use the TEAM software
     (Arthur H. Schwartz, Cleveland State University) to get visual
     feedback.

     Listening and Speaking - R. Williams
     ESL Multimedia Language Learning.  A great number of links -- some
     are his, others are part of a good collection.  There is more here
     than listening and speaking too.

     Holly's ESL Listening Comprehension Page
     This page also has word stress and taped interviews with activities.

     The Sound of English

     Pronunciation for Korean Students
     Not only for Koreans!!

     English Pronunciation

     Consonants

     ELF Free Activities
     Different listening and pronunciation activities such as a "mouth
     workout".  The idioms page is good as well.

     Accent Listening Gallery -- A guide to regional accents with
     descriptions, listening passages and quizzes.

   More Information

     How to have a standard American Accent  -- A. Cook
     She has great reminders of what makes an accent American.  Look down
     the homepage for topic page links.

     Speaking Tips for Presentations
     by H.P. Boas

     Stressing words and sentences (from English club)

     How to pronounce "-ed" (English club)

     Heteronyms
     Words that are spelled the same but have different meanings when
     pronounced differently.  Note:  the pronunciation is marked here
     with approximations of sounds, not with the phonetic alphabet.

     Listening and Pronunciation Links (from Sounds of English)

   Software out there

     The "Jarmon Lab"
     Free downloads!
     PC: download "Sound Forge" Demo from www.sonicfoundry.com Click on
     "Trials and Demos." Scroll to "Demos"; click on Sound Forge.
     Mac: download Sound Studio from http://download.cnet.com; search for
     "Sound Studio".
     Both: download PureVoice software from www.eudora.com/purevoice;
     click on the "Download QualComm PureVoice Now" button near the
     bottom of the page.

     Pronunciation Power 1 and 2  from English Computerized Learning,
     Inc.  They previously had a CD-Rom called Speech Solutions that I
     recommended, and this seems to have been expanded into their current
     software.  It looks like #2 would be appropriate for ASE students.

     Speech Works from Trinity Software


                                 [INS: :INS]
