   #alternate alternate

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation Chiron Health - HIPAA compliant telemedicine

     * Product
          + Product Overview
          + Large Medical Groups
          + Integrations
          + Patient Marketing
          + Telemedicine API
     * Pricing
     * Resources
     * About
          + Overview
          + Blog
          + Careers
          + Contact Us
     * Login
          + Patients
          + Providers
     * Request Demo
     * Start Free Trial

Telemedicine lets you
increase patient satisfaction boost practice revenue spend more time with
family see more patients provide high-quality care improve patient outcomes

   See your patients over video

See your patients over HIPAA-compliant video with full reimbursement:
Watch overview video


   As a premier, HIPAA-compliant telemedicine solution provider company,
   Chiron Health is dedicated to making routine visits easier and more
   convenient — both for the doctors and the patients. Our cloud software
   platform for video visits is secure, easy-to-use and designed to
   improve practice efficiency and patient care.

   icon-streamlined

Streamlined Reimbursement

   Automated eligibility checks, reimbursement-specialist support team,
   and the Chiron Health Reimbursement Guarantee.
   icon-boost

Boost Practice Efficiency

   Drive revenue and practice efficiency with seamless integrations into
   existing practice workflows and EHR/PMs.
   icon-promote

Promote Patient Satisfaction

   Intuitive cloud software for both patients and physicians means no
   downloads, up and running in minutes on patient-owned devices.

We make video visits a snap! Here’s how it works:

   Simple telemedicine software that allows physicians to connect with
   patients for routine appointments over secure video visit – and receive
   full reimbursement through private payers. The Chiron Health cloud
   software contains full support for patients and physicians, EHR
   integrations, plus billing and reimbursement tools.
   [icons-HIPPA.png]

HIPAA-compliant

   Chiron Health is secure, HIPAA-compliant, and includes a business
   associate agreement.
   [icons-elegibility.png]

Eligibility checks

   Automated patient insurance eligibility checks with the Chiron Rules
   Engine.
   [icons-eHRPM.png]

EHR/PM integrations

   No duplicate work is required. Schedule in your practice management
   system and the data is synced to Chiron Health.
   [icons-guaranteed-reimburse.png]

Guaranteed reimbursement

   Private payer telemedicine reimbursement is guaranteed with the Chiron
   Reimbursement Guarantee.
   Telemedicine - Family with Doctor

Seamless integrations with your EHR and
practice management system.


   athenahealth
   drchrono
   CareCloud

View All

Are you a large medical group?

   Chiron Health understands the challenges of implementing new technology
   across your organization. We make the process easier with a hands-on
   on-site implementation, seamless EHR integration and a customized
   telemedicine marketing plan.

Learn More

The most advanced database of telemedicine insurance rules in healthcare

   We are so confident in the accuracy of the Chiron Rules Engine, we
   guarantee full private payer reimbursement of telemedicine visits, or
   we’ll pay the claim ourselves.

   [icon-rules-engine.png]

Chiron Rules Engine

   The most advanced database of telemedicine insurance rules in
   healthcare. Our regulatory team has spent years converting complicated
   telemedicine legislation into actionable intelligence.
   [icon-guarantee.png]

Chiron Reimbursement Guarantee

   We’re so confident in the accuracy of the Chiron Rules Engine, we
   guarantee full private payer reimbursement for telemedicine visits, or
   we’ll pay the claim ourselves.

What physicians say about Chiron Health

   [videoPlay.png]

Chiron Health’s platform is fast and easy to use, an added value for your
patients and practice. Plus patients say, “I want every visit to be a video
visit!”

   Adriana Guerra, MD,
   Inspire Family Health

Excellent Customer Service

   “Chiron Health provides an easy way to offer HIPAA-compliant
   videoconferencing to your patients. Excellent customer service,
   top-notch!”
   Sunjya Schweig MD

   Sunjya Schweig, MD
   California Center for Functional Medicine

Families Love it

   “We provide care to a lot of special needs children. Chiron Health
   allows us to deliver that care without the burden of traveling to the
   clinic. Families absolutely love it!”
   Timothy Porter, MD

   Timothy Porter, MD
   Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago

Work from Home

   “Chiron Health allows me to be more accessible for my patients and my
   staff loves it! I can work from home or when my office staff is busy
   with other tasks.”
   Saima Jehangir, MD

   Saima Jehangir, MD
   Lotus Gynecology, Health & Wellness

   [cta-img.png]

Let us help you do more of what you love:

   Request a personalized demo to offer patients convenient video visits
   today!

   Get Started

Reimbursement

   Reimbursement

   Reimbursement Overview
   Private Payer Reimbursement
   Medicaid Reimbursement
   Medicare Reimbursement
   Medicare CCM Reimbursement

   Regulations

   Chiron Services

   Chiron Reimbursement Guarantee
   Chiron Rules Engine
   Patient Marketing

Clinical

   Medical Specialties

   Outpatient Overview
   Primary Care
   OB/GYN
   Neurology
   Gastroenterology
   Other Specialists

   Clinical Use Cases
   Your Patients

Support

   Telemedicine Resources
   Contact
   800-768-8131
   Chiron Health - HIPAA compliant telemedicine

   Our Mission:

   To help physician practices efficiently deliver high-quality,
   convenient care to their patients who need it most.

   © Chiron Health 2019 | info@chironhealth.com | Privacy Policy

   [tr?id=1552704735053582&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
