   #dash and bella - Atom dash and bella - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar

dash and bella

   cooking with 2 kids

Sunday, July 24, 2016

CAPTAIN FANTASTIC GIVEAWAY

   THIS GIVEAWAY IS NOW CLOSED. CONGRATULATIONS TO SARAH HAMILL AND VIKA
   ZAFRIN. YOU BOTH WON COPIES OF THE CAPTAIN FANTASTIC SOUNDTRACK. PLEASE
   EMAIL ME AT DASHANDBELLA@GMAIL.COM AND I WILL SEND THEM ALONG. THANKS
   TO ALL OF YOU FOR THE BEAUTIFUL COMMENTS. SO MOVING. I WILL PASS IT ALL
   ALONG TO MY HUSBAND. XOXO
   ———
   I'm still cooking.
   I'm still writing.
   I'm still taking photos.
   I'm still working on my book.
   But this week, I want to tell you about something else. My husband,
   Matt Ross, wrote and directed a beautiful film called CAPTAIN FANTASTIC
   starring Viggo Mortensen. As of this weekend, it is playing all over
   the country. And soon it will be playing all over the world.
   Here is the trailer.
   Here is the official web site.
   Here is where you can find local theaters playing the film.
   I am giving away several copies of the Captain Fantastic soundtrack.
   Add your name in the comments below to enter the random drawing (and
   maybe a hello or your favorite movie or anything you want to say to
   me). Just don't post anonymously because I won't be able to track you
   down. I will announce the winners on August 15th so make sure to check
   back then.
   See you next week with peaches and burrata and tales of my 3 a.m. mind.
   xoxo
   Phyllis

                          [captain-fantastic1.jpg]
                          Poster by Shephard Fairey

   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Posted by phyllis grant at 11:16 PM 492 comments
   Labels: Captain Fantastic, giveaway, Matt Ross, movies, parenting

Wednesday, January 13, 2016

ONE YEAR LATER

   Our kitchens were stacked.
             Mine was on the second floor with more dishes than I could
   ever handle. I would clop clop clop around in my cooking clogs,
   practicing the art of keeping young children alive.
             Hers was on the first floor with enough jars and tupperware
   and folded paper bags and cocoa squirreled away for any kind of
   apocalypse that might happen to come along. When it came to cooking,
   she knew everything about everything. She had just stopped doing it,
   her culinary world reduced to tapioca pudding, toast, and tea.
             My grandmother heard my children grow up. Every tumble, every
   tantrum. She heard me grow up. Ten years of marriage. Four years of
   trying to conceive a second baby. She heard every thrown plate, every
   slammed door, every episode of “Battlestar Galactica.”
             I worried she was hearing too much life through her ceiling.
   So I apologized for it all. She wouldn’t hear of it. She wanted the
   noise. She wanted us up there.
             I had moved into the upstairs apartment when I was 33, when I
   had a 9-month old baby girl, when I had heaps of unspoken post-partum
   sadness. My grandmother would listen to me talk and talk and talk. I
   would tell my stories about parenting and marriage just to see if she
   would smile or laugh. She was blind in one eye, so sometimes I would
   think she wasn’t listening. But months later she would repeat my world
   back to me. Moment by moment, the details locked into her brain like
   the words she gobbled up from her never-ending pile of New Yorkers, New
   York Review of Books, mystery novels.
             We respected each other’s privacy. No knocking. Just
   carefully penciled in dates. She liked having her dinner alone, or so
   she said. I think she didn’t want me to feel put out. So it was just
   tea or drinks. Her lipstick on. My hair brushed. All of the kids’
   detritus shoved away in closets. At the carefully chosen time, she
   would walk out her front door and cross the lawn—pausing for a few deep
   breaths with her hand on the jacaranda tree—and then around to the
   other side of the house to my front door.
             I would call her when things went awry.
             I could hear the phone ringing downstairs and then I could
   feel her warmth slowly shifting out of bed and towards the phone.
             The soup is too thin, grandma. What do I do? (Add a cooked
   and mashed potato.) The braised meat isn’t softening up. (More time?
   Some acid?)
             I would call her to be my recipe guinea pig.
             Grandma, can I bring you a little something I’ve been working
   on?
             As long as it’s not caramel.
             It’s not caramel. I promise.
             Just leave it outside. Thank you.
             I would cover it in plastic wrap, walk it down the stairs,
   and leave it on the bench outside her front door.
             I would call her just to make sure she was still alive.
             She would get the first cookie, the warmest piece of pie, a
   corner of the croquembouche debacle, a smear of the ridiculous
   cheeseball, the first and last attempt at homemade bread, a slice of
   every single gingerbread I ever made.
             All I wanted to do was feed her. And in return I would get
   the blunt-ass truth via a phone call. Too sweet. A bit ugly. Absolutely
   delicious. Fine, fine, fine. Maybe don’t cook it quite so long next
   time?
             After she died, I went through her kitchen and found dozens
   of ramekins, plates, silverware from my own kitchen. I can see her,
   eating the treats in bed. She glides through her apartment, scraping
   the remains, rinsing the dishes. Then she tucks them away as her own.
   My recipe for Gingerbread with Cream Cheese Frosting can be found in my
   Food52 column.
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Posted by phyllis grant at 8:00 PM 220 comments
   Labels: food52, gingerbread, grandmother, parenting

Monday, November 16, 2015

GIVEAWAY GIVEAWAY GIVEAWAY YES IT'S TRUE

   —THIS GIVEAWAY IS NOW CLOSED. THANKS SO MUCH FOR ALL OF YOUR BEAUTIFUL
   WORDS.—
   Quick addition to what's written below: The wonderful Ten Speed Press
   has generously agreed to donate 3 more cookbooks to my giveaway. Read
   through and comment below for a chance to win 1 of 2 boxes of books.
   Happy holidays!
   Books. They are taking over our apartment. Towering piles in every
   direction. Cookbooks stacked on kitchen chairs. Filmmaking everything.
   How to feed a baby, raise a daughter, avoid mold, live happily ever
   after. Plumbing guides next to French anchovy books. Harry Potter this.
   Coming-of-age memoir that. "Buddhism for Dummies." Heaps of poetry. But
   we don't know how to get rid of them. We don't want to get rid of them.
   Once a month, an IKEA shelf drops down from the weight of a double- and
   sometimes triple-deep row of books. Or while I'm looking for a Chuck
   Palahniuk novel, "Ulysses Annotated" will crash down on my toes.
   Escoffier hides behind "Spago's Desserts" and the Cook's Illustrated's
   "Baking Book" (perched on my favorite stool) has been holding up one
   side of our kitchen table for longer than I would care to admit. But I
   love all of the books. I talk to them like I talk to my herbs.
   Here's the good news for you and for me: I am giving away three of my
   books in my first blog giveaway. And considering our pathological love
   for books around here, it was very moving to be able to tell my
   daughter that I am in three books this fall and that I would love for
   her to photograph me holding them. So she did.
   [firstgiveaway3.jpg]
   Here are some details on the books (and links to buy), but see below
   for GIVEAWAY DETAILS.
   See the book on top? That's BEST FOOD WRITING 2015 (published by Da
   Capo Press / edited by Holly Hughes). It includes my apple tart story
   and recipe from my Food52 column. And some of my favorite writers are
   in this compilation including Emily Thelin, John Birdsall, Elissa
   Altman, Jeff Gordinier, Tom Junod, Kim Foster, Sarah Henry, John T.
   Edge, Pete Wells, Ryan Sutton, and some guy I've never heard of named
   Anthony Bourdain.
   The book in the middle of the pile is called HERE SHE COMES NOW: Women
   in Music Who Have Changed Our Lives (published by Rare Bird Books /
   edited by Jeff Gordinier and Marc Weingarten). My essay from this
   book—on Madonna, Miley Cyrus, and my perimenopausal hormones—was
   re-published over on Salon.com. Check it out and I do hope it inspires
   you to buy the book and read the other 21 stories. It is a compelling
   and diverse collection including some badassery from Susan Choi on
   Stevie Nicks, Kate Christensen on Tina Turner, Charlotte Druckman on
   Mary J. Blige, Lisa Catherine Harper on Kate Bush, Jennifer Nix on June
   Carter Cash, Rosie Schaap on Sandy Denny, Ada Limón on Aretha Franklin,
   Bart Blasengame on Liz Phair, and Ian Daly on PJ Harvey.
   The larger book at the bottom of the pile is FOOD52 BAKING: 60
   Sensational Treats You Can Pull Off in a Snap (published by Ten Speed
   Press). My recipe for Brown Butter Cupcake Brownies is included (my
   accompanying essay is not in the book but it can be still be found on
   Food52). This cookbook is elegantly photographed by James Ransom and
   lovingly styled by some of my favorite people over at Food52. Here are
   some of the fabulous treats my cupcake recipe is hanging out with:
   Italian Cornmeal Cookies from Emiko Davies, Savory Galette with Greens
   and Gruyère from Marian Bull, Black Sesame Cupcakes with Matcha
   Buttercream from Molly Yeh, Olive Oil Ricotta Cake from Kenzi Wilbur,
   Cherry Almond Crumb Cake from Yossy Arefi, Skillet Spice Cake with
   Gooey Caramel Bottom (!!!) from Merrill Stubbs. It's a practical
   collection. It's a longterm collection. It's a beautiful collection.
   I'm thrilled to be included.
   GIVEAWAY DETAILS:
   I've never done a giveaway. Maybe you've never entered one? So let's
   just make the rules up. Here's how to enter (but please let me know if
   you have questions):
   1. Add a comment below. Maybe post a link to your favorite song. Or
   tell me a story about cooking or parenting. Or share a kitchen hack.
   List your favorite books ever. Or tell me what you're going to have for
   dinner tonight. Ask a question about salad dressing. Describe your
   marriage. What moves you? What pisses you off? What keeps you going?
   Give me a list of what parenting has taught you. Tell me the books that
   are stacked next to your bed. Break down your technique for roasting a
   chicken. Write a story. Sum up this week in five words. Anything. Just
   don't post anonymously or I will never find you again.
   2. On December 20th, Dash will select a random winner by drawing a name
   out of my new favorite black hat.
   3. On January 1st, 2016, I will send the winner some Meyer lemons, a
   batch of granola, and a copy of each book I talked about above. Plus, I
   will throw in a surprise book. A cookbook. That's all I'll say for now.
   4. Or just skip the whole giveaway hooha and order them from your local
   bookstore or Amazon.
   If for some reason you have trouble with the commenting function (it
   happens! no worries!) or if you wish to post anonymously, feel free to
   send me an email at dashandbella@gmail.com and I will enter you into
   the drawing.
   I am really excited to share these books. Thank you so much for being a
   part of this community. You all keep me writing and cooking and
   breathing. And  I am so grateful.
   xoxo
   Phyllis
   [firstgiveaway2.jpg]
   (photos by isabel ross)
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Posted by phyllis grant at 8:20 PM 218 comments
   Labels: Best Food Writing, food52, giveaway, Here She Comes Now,
   Omnivore Books, parenting

Thursday, November 5, 2015

CLICKBAIT

   I'm not going to tell you how thrilled I am for the comeback of
   high-waisted jeans.
   How many times in the past week I listened to the new Adele song.
   That I can do 15 pushups.
   I'm not going to tell you how proud I am of my son for talking shit
   about Trump on the playground.
   How gratifying it is to watch my kids load the dishwasher without being
   asked.
   How often I think of my daughter's birth: those first few moments,
   feeling her heart beating through her neck and fingertips and shins.
   I'm not going to tell you how motherhood is the most fulfilling
   experience ever.
   Instead, I'm going to tell you about the gutted feeling that washes
   over me when I sit in the car, flipping through social media apps on my
   phone, waiting for soccer practice to end.
   How three times over the past month, I have given up on my messy house,
   my marriage, my book, my everything, driven to the mall, and bought
   grey sweaters for the California winter we will never have.
   How I woke up last Monday to the W.H.O. news story about the possible
   connection between eating processed meats and cancer and immediately
   went out for a bacon cheeseburger.
   I'm going to tell you how during a recent morning scramble, I yelled at
   my son with such intensity that he ran away and I thought he was gone
   forever.
   That I cried during the school earthquake drill, imagining the chaos of
   the big one.
   I'm going to tell you how sometimes my body feels completely turned
   off, done, retired.
   I'm going to tell you how often I take a deep breath in order to stay
   at the table.
   How often I bake cookies in order to stay awake.
   How, as a parent, you never get to step back or unfurl or move on or
   detach.
   I'm going to tell you about the homeless man I see every Tuesday
   afternoon next to the I-580 onramp who holds up the I will take
   anything you can give me sign, his sad drunken eyes boring so deeply
   into mine that I have to look away and pray for the light to change
   because I can't bear what I am thinking: he is somebody's child, he is
   somebody's child, oh fuck, he is somebody's child.

                          [nutella%2Bcookies1.jpg]
                  (Stuffed with Reese's Peanut Butter Cups)

                          [nutella%2Bcookies2.jpg]
                         (Stuffed with Junior Mints)

   I have made these cookies six times in the past ten days. I have handed
   them out to women in bars, children in cars, friends at dinner parties.
   They are so fun to make, ridiculously sweet, and way over the top. They
   make people smile and grab and moan.
   Sometimes a bit of candy escapes while they are baking. Don't panic.
   Just make sure to cool them on the sheet pan.
   Don't overcook them or you will be sad. This happened with batch #3 and
   my daughter and I agreed that life is too short for dry, over-baked
   Nutella cookies.
   I have just started reading about Nutella and palm oil and
   deforestation. I wish I could tell you that these cookies work
   beautifully with other chocolate hazelnut spreads. But I haven't tested
   out any of them out. Please let me know if you make these cookies with
   a Nutella alternative. I am learning along with you.
   CANDY-STUFFED NUTELLA SUGAR COOKIES
   printable recipe
   makes 10 big cookies
   My daughter found this recipe online last year. We have searched and
   searched but we can't find it again. I have modified it a bit, but, if
   it looks familiar, please let me know. I would love to give proper
   credit to the original recipe writer.
   You can stuff these cookies with almost any kind of candy. Or nothing
   at all. On their own, they are crispy on the outside and gooey on the
   inside. But when you stuff them, they become mystery cookies. Here are
   a few ideas for the filling: 1/2 Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, 3 Junior
   Mints, 4 mini marshmallows, 1 Special Dark Hershey's chocolate bar.
   PLAY!!!
   ingredients:
   1  3/4 cups all-purpose flour
   1 teaspoon baking soda
   1 teaspoon kosher salt
   2 sticks unsalted butter (1 cup), soft
   1/3 cup white sugar
   1/2 cup dark brown sugar
   3/4 cup Nutella, room temperature
   1 egg
   1 tablespoon vanilla extract
   candy of your choice (see headnote for some ideas)
   1/3 cup white sugar, for rolling cookies
   directions:
   Whisk together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
   In a standing mixer (or by hand), cream the butter, white sugar, and
   brown sugar for two minutes on high speed. Scrape down the sides. Add
   Nutella and beat for another 20 seconds on medium speed. Scrape down
   the sides. Add the egg. Mix on medium for 5 seconds. Scrape down the
   sides. Add the vanilla and mix for another 5 seconds on medium speed.
   Scrape down the sides. Add 1/3 of the flour mixture and mix on low
   speed until almost all the flour in incorporated. Scrape down the
   sides. Add the second 1/3 of the flour mixture. Mix on low until almost
   all incorporated. Scrape down the sides. Add the final 1/3 of the flour
   mixture. MIx on low until the final traces of flour just disappear.
   Don't overmix! Chill the dough for an hour if you have time (not
   necessary but it will make the assembly a bit easier).
   Preheat the oven to 375°F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper or
   Silpats. Pour white sugar (for rolling) on a plate. Divide the dough
   into 10 equal-sized pieces (about 2  1/4 ounces each). Tear a ball of
   dough in half, press candy in the center, cover with other half of the
   dough, roll in your hands until you can't feel or see the candy
   filling. Roll the dough ball in the white sugar. Place on the sheet
   pan. They spread quite a bit so leave several inches between each
   cookie.
   Bake for 7 minutes. They are done the moment the center melts and
   starts to settle down. Let the cookies cool a bit on the pan and firm
   up because if you move the cookies when they're too warm, the candy
   might ooze out the bottom. The cookies are best eaten within a few
   hours. They are also really good frozen (late at night with red wine).
   If you freeze the baked cookies and then thaw them, they will still
   taste good but they will lose they're glorious crispness. A better
   option is to freeze the stuffed cookie dough balls after you have
   rolled them in sugar. Freeze the balls of dough up to 6 months in a
   Ziploc bag. When you bake off the frozen balls, you should turn the
   temperature down to 350°F and bake them for a few extra minutes.
   [nutella%2Bcookies3.jpg]
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Posted by phyllis grant at 11:17 AM 251 comments
   Labels: candy, cookies, Halloween, mothering, Nutella, parenting

Wednesday, September 16, 2015

IT WAS A BUSY SUMMER

   and I am so grateful to finally have a quiet September house. At the
   same time, I am stunned by the relentlessness of the meal prep. I have
   stopped counting up all of the school lunches I have made. And now that
   my kids have some sort of activity almost every day after school, I am
   trying to expand my one-pot-meal repertoire. Recipes coming.
   Back in July, I recorded a Burnt Toast podcast with Amanda Hesser and
   Merrill Stubbs, co-founders of Food52. It is 23 minutes of us talking
   about children and food and cooking along with managing editor Kenzi
   Wilbur. Our kids even joined in for part of it. I was on top of my desk
   in Berkeley (no, really, sitting in straddle to reach the mic) and the
   rest of the crew was in a studio in New York City. Dash joined me on
   the desk towards the end (he is the one who very clearly states his
   hatred for anchovies). There was this moment (minute 18:27, in fact)
   when the kids started talking to each other and it felt like we were
   all sitting around the dinner table. I swear my heart just exploded.
   If you feel like it, let me know in the comments below if you have any
   stories or tips or triumphs or frustrations relating to kids and
   cooking. I love the beautiful and the ugly and everything in between.
   So bring it on.
   Click either image below to link to the podcast.
   More soon about my book and various other projects. Lots going on.
   Can't wait to share.
   xoxo
   Phyllis
   [16787946955_1e318cb501.jpg]
   https://food52.com/blog/13811-why-you-should-feed-your-kids-pizza-for-b
   reakfast t
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Posted by phyllis grant at 5:31 PM 126 comments
   Labels: anchovies, eggplant, food52, kids, parenting

Tuesday, August 25, 2015

SOLANACEAE

   Loving our sons is easy.
   I get there ten minutes early to secure seats. It has to work.
   They spend the day stumbling on sidewalk cracks and bubbling with goofy
   unconditional love.
   There is always a reason we can’t get together.
   We can almost see them growing in their sleep.
   A dying father, sick kids, a deadline.
   But our daughters just want to quietly close their bedroom doors,
   moving away from any sense of family, escaping into devices and
   daydreams and vlogs.
   A forgotten email thread, fatigue, an inability to be social.
   So we hold them too tight.
   And then finally we are all sitting on barstools with drinks in our
   hands.
   We talk about how if one of our kids died, we would curl up in a fetal
   position and go to bed forever.
   Our stories are interchangeable.
   How quickly we get all situation critical about marriage: Once we get
   to the word divorce, it’s so easy to pick it up again and throw it like
   a ninja star.
   How if someone had given us spreadsheets when we were young, outlining
   the ups and downs of marriage, we might never have dreamed of finding
   the one.
   We give strong hugs and go home.
   How as things get harder with parenting and marriage, the more
   determined we are to make something meaningful.
   I am home. I am hungry. For the first time in as long as I can
   remember, food hasn’t been on my mind for an entire evening.
   Like the novel in the drawer, the book proposal, the new job
   opportunity.
   I pull one square of tart out of the freezer and throw it in the oven
   until the tomato is bubbling away.
   The Kickstarter we are scared to get out there, the new family
   business.
   I cut into the collapsed and shrivelled tomato. Its insides spill out
   all the things I love: anchovies, herbs, capers, lemon zest, garlic,
   Parmesan cheese. I scoop everything up with crispy prosciutto.
   The final cut of the documentary film.
   I crawl into bed and wrap a hand around my husband’s sleeping arm. I
   hear a happy sigh.
   The book we have to finish.
   I say to the dark room: There is no plan. Just a slow rhythmic
   squeezing of his shoulder and a gentle tracing of his left calf with my
   right toe.
   [tomatocheesetart2.jpg]
   [tomatocheesetart1.jpg]
   ---------
   If you want to learn more about my Tomato Tart with Goat Cheese, Quark,
   Prosciutto, and Gremolata, you can find the recipe on Food52.
   If this tart seems crazy high maintenance, just stuff the tomatoes with
   gremolata, wrap them in some kind of bacon fat, bake them on high heat
   in a cast iron pan, and throw on some mozzarella at the last minute.
   Scoop mouthfuls out of the pan with garlicky grilled bread.
   Or improvise. I write about a few places to start in my Cooking What
   I Want column on Food52. Let me know what you're making!
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Posted by phyllis grant at 11:49 AM 107 comments
   Labels: food52, parenting, pasta, pizza, sauce, tomatoes

Saturday, August 8, 2015

REMOVED

   Full beard and strapping body aside, the bartender is young enough to
   be my son.
   Hendrick's martini, please. Straight up with olives.
   Hey. I like your style.
   My entire body smiles back.
   Thank you.
   I want to ask what he sees. Does he know I'm a mom?
   Instead, I gather all of the candles from one end of the bar, vow to
   get my eyes checked soon, and tuck my head into a book.
   The air is warm, the martini is cold, the music is loud. The room
   smells like chicken and potatoes and the late eighties: like my first
   years in New York City, all full of bigness and potential and the
   scariness of it all.
   I need food.
   My eyes glide down the menu and get stuck on two of my favorite words:
   romaine and anchovies.
   I wave to my bartender son.
   This salad looks exciting.
   That salad is exciting.
   Two seats down is a body dripping with tattoos, motorcycle leather,
   fatigue. He is old enough to be my husband.
   He picks up his burger. I pick up my grilled romaine. He dips his fries
   in ketchup. I scoop up the creamy, smoky, fishy salad dressing with my
   bread. I moan yum. He sighs. He doesn't look to the right. I don't look
   to the left. We eat together. I feel safe.
   I pay, pick up my martini, and head for the hotel elevator. I don't
   look back.
   I climb up on the coffee table with my martini and watch the flashing
   lights of Manhattan through the floor-to-ceiling Brooklyn windows. I
   start to relive the thirteen years of pining and dreaming and never
   ever sleeping that I crammed into that little island. What did I do
   with all of that kid-free time? I didn’t even like anchovies back then.
   I step down.
   I lower the shades, wash the martini glass, and tuck myself into the
   soft and clean king-sized bed. No morning light, no buzzing phones, no
   barfing kids, no nothing will wake me up until I am ready.
   You can find the recipe for Grilled Romaine Salad with Corn and Creamy
   Anchovy Garlic Vinaigrette in my column over at Food52.
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Posted by phyllis grant at 12:17 AM 153 comments
   Labels: anchovies, corn, escaping, food52, romaine
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Search This Blog

   __________ Search
   4505 Meats 9/11 all'amatriciana almonds anchovies anchovy Apartment
   Therapy appetizer apples apricots arugula asparagus August Escoffier
   avocado avocados babble.com bacon Balthazar Bakery banana bread basil
   bechamel beef beef shank beef stew Berkeley Best Food Writing birth
   biscuits blackberries blondies blue cheese blueberries bones book
   braise braising bread bread pudding breakfast brittle broccoli brown
   butter brownies Brussels sprouts butter buttermilk butterscotch sauce
   cabbage Caesar salad cakes candy cannelloni capers Captain Fantastic
   caramel caramel ice cream caramel sauce caramelized onions carbonara
   carolines carrots chanterelle cheddar cheese cheese cheese ball
   cheesecake cherries cherry tomatoes chicken chicken eggs chocolate
   chocolate chip cookies Christmas cilantro cinnamon cippolini onions
   Clarkson Potter cobblers coffee concord grapes confit cookies Cooking
   What I Want cooking with kids corn costwold cheese cow creme caramel
   creme fraiche crêpes crisps crumpets and cakes cupcakes Daily Candy
   dates death dessert divorce duck eggs Dutch Baby Pancake Eating for
   Education Edible Schoolyard Project egg whites eggplant eggs Elizabeth
   David Elmwood Cafe endive escaping farmers' market fennel feta fig
   leaves figs food52 french toast frittata frog legs full belly farm
   galettes ganache garlic garlic confit gingerbread giveaway gnocchi goat
   cheese goose eggs gouda graham crackers grandmother granola grapes
   gratin green beans green garlic gremolata gruyere H and H Bagels
   Halloween hazelnut heart heavy cream hemp herbs Here She Comes Now
   holiday horseradish ice cream iceberg lettuce Italian Jacques Pepin jam
   Jamie Oliver Japan Jerusalem artichokes Julia Child kale kids lamb lamb
   pie lard lemon lemons lima beans love Lulu Peyraud mamas maple syrup
   Marcella Hazan marriage marshmallows Martha Stewart martini massaged
   kale Matt Ross memoir meyer lemons microgreens mint mothering movies
   mushrooms navel orange nectarines New York City nightshades Nutella
   nuts oats Ohdeedoh olives Olympics Omnivore Books onion tart orange
   orange flower water oysters Ozzie's Soda Fountain pancakes panzanella
   paprika parenting parmesan parsley pasta pea shoots peaches peanut
   butter peanuts pears peas Peko Peko Cookbook persimmons pesto piave
   pickled radishes pie pine nuts pissaladière pizza plums pomegranate
   pomegranate molasses ponzu popcorn pork potato potatoes praline
   prosciiutto prosciutto puff pastry quail eggs quark cheese Real Simple
   recipes red bell pepper Rice Krispies Richard Olney ricotta roasted
   vegetables romaine root vegetable tart roquefort rules sa fregula sarda
   safety salad salad dressing salads salt sandwich sauce Saveur Magazine
   semolina flour sex shakshuka shallets shallots short ribs shortcrust
   pastry dough side dish slow-cooking snails soup spring squash stew
   strawberries sugar summer sunflower seeds Sunset Magazine sushi rice
   tart Tartine tarts Tavern Taylor Swift Thanksgiving This Dinner Will
   Not Kill Them tomatoes tomatoes. BLT truffles turnips vanilla bean
   vanilla bean paste variations vegetable vinaigrette walnuts watercress
   watermelon white beans winter greens winter squash writing Yahoo Food
   you grow girl youth Yummy Supper Zabar's zucchini

-------------------

   -------------------

other places to connect

   other places to connect
   Instagram

my column at

   my column at
   I would love to hear from you:
   dashandbella@gmail.com

About Me

   My photo

   phyllis grant
          In the nineties, I worked in pastry at New York City's Bouley,
          Michael's, and Nobu. I tired quickly of sugar and burning my
          forearms and never sleeping. Fifteen years later I started "Dash
          and Bella," named after my son (7) and daughter (12). This is
          where I tell my stories about the intersection of cooking and
          parenting.

   View my complete profile

Subscribe via email

   Enter your email address:

   ____________________
   Subscribe

   Delivered by FeedBurner

i have an essay in this badass anthology about women in music who have
changed our lives

   i have an essay in this badass anthology about women in music who have
   changed our lives
   IT'S OUT! YOU CAN ORDER IT!

older posts

   [older posts__]

a few more places you can find me

   Oprah
   Buzzfeed
   Saveur: Sites We Love
   Saveur: School Lunch
   Williams-Sonoma
   The New York Times
   Yahoo Food
   Sunset Magazine
   Time Magazine
   The Huffington Post
   Tasting Table
   San Francisco Chronicle
   Berkeleyside
   510families
   Real Simple
   Daily Candy Kids
   Apartment Therapy: the kitchn
   Knopf Doubleday
   Pinterest

MIDNIGHT INSPIRATION

     * 5 second rule
     * A Brown Table
     * A Cozy Kitchen
     * brooklyn supper
     * Canal House Cooks Lunch
     * CHERRYBOMBE
     * CHOCOLATE + MARROW
     * Dinner: A Love Story
     * Farmette
     * Fix Feast Flair
     * Food52
     * Fresh
     * Gather Journal
     * Happyolks
     * honey & jam
     * Jun-Blog
     * Kale & Caramel
     * La Tartine Gourmande
     * meatpaper
     * molly yeh
     * Mom's Kitchen Handbook
     * My Daily Sourdough Bread
     * My Last Supper
     * NYT > Dining & Wine
     * Orangette
     * Paris Review – Writers, Quotes, Biography, Interviews, Artists
     * SFGate Food
     * simply breakfast
     * Sweet Paul Magazine
     * the kitchn
     * The Vanilla Bean Blog
     * The Yellow House
     * Yummy Supper
     * {local milk}
     * žaidimų aikštelė


   Copyright 2016 Phyllis Grant. All rights reserved.
