   #Island Hopping: Jost Van Dyke Meet the Crew: Captain Brent Fox
   alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MKHF59

   Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footer

   Cruz Bay Watersports

     * Click here to Learn more about homeHome
     * Click here to Learn more about tours & activitiesTours & Activities
          + Click here to Learn more about tours & activitiesSt. John
          + Click here to Learn more about tours & activitiesSt. Thomas
     * Click here to Learn more about private chartersPrivate Charters
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersPrivate
            Charters & Events
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersYacht Weddings
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersCorporate
            Charters
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersPrivate Dive
            Trips
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersPrivate Charter
            Itineraries
     * Click here to Learn more about our fleetOur Fleet
     * Click here to Learn more about about the usviAbout the USVI
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviAbout the USVI
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviAbout St. John
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviAbout St. Thomas
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviVirgin Islands
            National Park
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviVirgin Island
            Travel Trips
     * Click here to Learn more about captain's blogCaptain's Blog
     * More

   Click here to Book Now Book Now
   (BUTTON) Menu

   « Click here to return to Captain's Blog Back to Captain's Blog

The Secret Coral Garden: Virgin Islands Coral Reef Monument

   13895672285_35f87655ff_z

   Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument encompasses most of St.
   John, VI and Hassel Island. Created in 2001 by President Clinton, the
   monument itself is underwater and protects 22 miles of marine habitat
   and reef in the Virgin Islands National Park and surrounding tropical
   forests. Nearly 30 of the 45 known coral species exist inside the
   monument, which is unusual in such a condensed area, and adds to the
   importance of preserving this 12,708 acres of marine life.

   In 2005, the coral reefs in the USVI suffered from coral bleaching,
   which led to the decline and death of 60% of the ecosystem’s coral
   population. After this devastation to the reef, scientists worked
   together to form a research program charged with preserving the area’s
   reefs and related ecosystems. After more exploration of the Virgin
   Islands National Park, scientists found many unknown coral reefs at the
   base of the mangrove trees in Hurricane Hole. It appeared that the
   mangrove forests along the shore lines were helping to protect the
   coral reefs from bleaching, among these reefs were many undiscovered
   species of coral and sponges, the first known to be living inside a
   mangrove ecosystem.

   This area in Hurricane Hole became known as the most diverse coral
   ecosystem in the Caribbean, as well as the “secret coral garden”. There
   is no clear rhyme or reason as to what allows these ecosystems to host
   such a variety of marine life, but because of its diversity, the
   Hurricane Hole coral reefs have become an important resource in
   furthering the rehabilitation and preservation of coral reefs as a
   whole. The Hurricane Hole reefs are believed to have a higher tolerance
   and resistance to changing water temperature and protection against
   bleaching because the roots of the mangrove trees themselves act as a
   filtration system to provide the coral with clear, clean water. Because
   of this natural phenomenon scientists are now able to study and test
   reefs that are extremely vulnerable against those that are extremely
   protected.

   The name Hurricane Hole is only suiting for the home of this particular
   reef because it is meant to describe the protection provided by the
   mangrove forests against a hurricane itself. Although boats are no
   longer permitted to anchor in Hurricane Hole now that it is protected
   as a national monument, the mangroves continue to provide shelter and
   relief to the precious coral reefs and the organisms they house.

Enjoying the Waters of the Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument

   Please use reef safe sunscreen! Many common ingredients in sunscreen
   are known to cause coral bleaching, and can be toxic and devastating to
   the beautiful reefs. Specifically, avoid ingredients such as
   oxybenzone, butylparaben, octinoxate and 4-methylbenzylidine camphor,
   all of which have been shown to cause coral bleaching even at low
   levels.

   Observe the ecosystem without disturbing it! This monument has a lot of
   secrets to tell and discoveries to reveal, which you might choose to
   explore on a snorkeling, paddle boarding, or kayak trip. Help preserve
   this area by keeping your hands to yourself (that means organisms and
   wildlife), and looking without touching, as well as traveling without
   stirring up too much sediment. When snorkeling it is best to go without
   flippers in order to not disturb the ecosystem. Don’t remove rocks or
   anything else on the seabed in this area, because it is most likely
   part of a creature’s habitat and home.

   Don’t tie into the mangrove trunks or roots. Before this area was
   established as a national monument, it was common for boaters to tie
   their boats to the seemingly sturdy mangrove trunks and roots. After
   years of doing this, scientists have seen a lot of unnecessary wear and
   deterioration of the trees. It is also against the law to anchor in the
   monument. Access Hurricane Bay from the beach or in designated docking
   areas!

What Might I See There?

   As part of this important ecosystem, the presidential motion to make
   this area a national monument was not just to protect the coral reefs
   but the species that nest, breed, and call it home as well. While
   exploring the beauty of the Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument
   you might also encounter a large variety of threatened and endangered
   sea animals such as dolphins, humpback whales, hawksbill, leatherback
   and green sea turtles, 25 species of seabirds and hundreds of different
   reef fish and crustaceans.

   A large variety of organisms are also on display at the monument, from
   30 different species of coral, a diverse group of sea sponges, algae
   and sea grass.

How Do I Get There?

   From Cruz Bay, take centerline road towards Coral Bay. Continue forward
   past Skinny Legs and Estate Zootenval. Shortly after you pass mile
   marker 10 and the National Park sign, you can access the water through
   the mangrove trees.

   You can also access the Coral Reef National Monument by boat, contact
   Cruz Bay Watersports today. We can plan everything for your private
   excursion on the water. Our expert staff and crew will customize the
   perfect itinerary for your unique charter experience.


     * Posted in:

   Tweet
   Email this page to a friend. Email
   Click here to visit previous post ← Previous Post Click here to visit
   next post Next Post →

Cruz Bay Watersports

   (340) 776-6234 [email protected]

   300 Chocolate Hole
   Cruz Bay, VI 00830
     * Click here to visit our Facebook
     * Click here to visit our Instagram
     * Click here to visit our TripAdvisor
     * Click here to visit our Yelp

   2018cert
   Click here to View All Tours View All Tours

Quick Links

   Secondary
     * Home
     * Tours & Activities
     * Contact Us
     * FAQs
     * About Us
     * Locations

   Privacy Policy •
   #alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MKHF59

   Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footer

   Cruz Bay Watersports

     * Click here to Learn more about homeHome
     * Click here to Learn more about tours & activitiesTours & Activities
          + Click here to Learn more about tours & activitiesSt. John
          + Click here to Learn more about tours & activitiesSt. Thomas
     * Click here to Learn more about private chartersPrivate Charters
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersPrivate
            Charters & Events
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersYacht Weddings
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersCorporate
            Charters
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersPrivate Dive
            Trips
          + Click here to Learn more about private chartersPrivate Charter
            Itineraries
     * Click here to Learn more about our fleetOur Fleet
     * Click here to Learn more about about the usviAbout the USVI
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviAbout the USVI
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviAbout St. John
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviAbout St. Thomas
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviVirgin Islands
            National Park
          + Click here to Learn more about about the usviVirgin Island
            Travel Trips
     * Click here to Learn more about captain's blogCaptain's Blog
     * More

   Click here to Book Now Book Now
   (BUTTON) Menu

Cruz Bay Watersports

   Click here to Browse Excursions Browse Excursions Book Online & Save
   10%
   (BUTTON) Pause Pause Play Video (BUTTON) Unmute Unmute Mute

Choose Your Departing Location

   Click here to St. John

St. John

   View Activities »
   Click here to St. Thomas

St. Thomas

   View Activities »

Featured St. John Excursion

     * Most Popular!

   From $80
     * St. John Location St. John
     * 1.5 Hours Duration 1.5 Hours

Champagne Sunset Sail

   Sail away on our luxury catamaran, Daydreamer for a relaxing sunset
   sail in the calm waters surrounding St. John.
   Click here to Learn More Learn More

Featured St. Thomas Excursion

   From $130
     * St. Thomas Location St. Thomas
     * 5 Hours Duration 5 Hours

Dinner Sail to St. John

   Depart from St. Thomas to St. John right from the Ritz-Carlton’s beach
   and enjoy a sail of luxury and delicious food.
   Click here to Learn More Learn More

The Virgin Islands' Premier Watersports Company

   Celebrating over 30 years in business, Cruz Bay Watersports is the
   oldest and most well respected watersports company in the Virgin
   Islands.

   We are dedicated to providing excursions and experiences of a lifetime
   to you and your family. We offer the largest variety of activities and
   excursions available on St. John and St. Thomas, including daily
   excursions to the British Virgin Islands, 5-star PADI diving, snorkel
   sails, sunset sails, boat rentals, and much more.
   Click here to Learn more about the USVI Learn more about the USVI
   Load More...
   Follow on Instagram

   Jammin boat

Introducing: Jammin'

The Jammin' Catamaran is now part of the Cruz Bay Watersports family!

   Jammin’ is a custom built 60’ Gold Coast Catamaran built right in
   St. Croix. She is USCG/SOLAS certified for 49 passengers. She is the
   one of the biggest boats in the USVI and the largest vessel licensed
   for travel to the British Virgin Islands. She has ample space,
   comfortable seating, a large bar, and the highlight is her two custom
   designed waterslides. The space below and above deck are great for day
   trips, sunset sails, and private events.
   Click here to Learn more about Jammin' Learn more about Jammin'

Rated "Excellent" by Over 1,800 Visitors!

   "We were delighted to find out that we were on Cruz Bay Sports first
   trip back to Jost Van Dyke since the two Cat 5 hurricanes. Captain Troy
   and Dana were so much fun to spend the day with. They had us all
   laughing about their stardom on HGTV and they were also able to answer
   all our questions about the hurricanes and life after. Their new boat
   was awesome, some of the best sailing that we have ever had! All of the
   islands are bruised but they are not out, matter of fact this is the
   best time to return, the beaches are not crowded at all! If you love
   St. John and Cruz Bay Sports, come back and support the islands and the
   beautiful people!"
   – Richard H., Reviewed May, 2018

   "Really wanted to go on the Jost trip but couldn't fit it into my
   schedule. All turned out great though. The sunset cruise couldn't have
   been better. Took my young adult daughter and her boyfriend along. They
   loved it as well. Great food and drinks and great crew. Next time
   around I will schedule both the Jost trip and the sunset cruise. I
   always have a good time on Cruz Bay Water Sports trips."
   – Carolyn, Reviewed April, 2018

   "We took out CBW’s new cat Daydreamer for our staff party and had the
   best time ever!!! The boat itself has so much room, even the bathroom
   was the size of a walk-in closet! It also has a water slide in the back
   which I was on the entire day, and 2 huge nets in front so you can get
   splashed by the waves! The bar downstairs was huge which was nice since
   we all spent a lot of time down there... Also the crew was amazing, so
   happy and helpful!!! Thanks guys for everything, it was a perfect snow
   day!"
   – Damia, Reviewed April, 2018

   "The CBW crew was kind enough to take a bunch of us out for a “snow
   day” boat trip this past Thursday. We had so much fun going to pizza pi
   for lunch and stopping at a beach bar! The crew was friendly and
   incredibly accommodating for us. Also, I’m pretty sure that entering
   the Caribbean sea via a water slide off the back of the boat is the
   most amazing way to do it and everyone should experience it!!! Thank
   you for such an awesome break from work and letting a bunch of locals
   play like tourists for a day! You guys rock!!!!"
   – Mollee G., Reviewed April, 2018

   "We were very happy to be able to be on the first sunset sail with Cruz
   Bay Watersports and their new boat Daydreamer!!! It had all the
   comforts needed and the crew was great. I would highly recommend this
   to visitors and locals. It is a great time to just get out on the
   water, see a sunset and mingle with friends new and old . The food was
   provided by North Shore Deli and was excellent!! The bar was open and,
   well, I think that says enough....Can't wait to go again!"
   – Brian D., Reviewed April 14, 2018

   "I forgot how much I needed a day out on the water! Went sailing with a
   big group yesterday, and everything was perfect. From the sunshine, to
   the snorkel and swim stops, to lunch at Pizza Pi, it was exactly what I
   needed! So many kiddos on board too, who had a BLAST! The water slide
   was enjoyed by the adults as well. Friendly and experienced staff,
   clean boat, BEAUTIFUL boat; overall a perfect Sunday!"
   – Anne B., Reviewed March, 2018

   "We went out on one of the first sunset sails since the hurricanes and
   it was PERFECT. The boat was impeccable and so comfortable and the
   staff was so friendly. They were totally on it with drinks, hors
   d'oeuvres and professionalism. We sailed around the islands off St.
   John and it was so serene and beautiful. It was the perfect evening.
   The food was also fantastic. I would highly recommend to anyone!"
   – Rebecca R., Reviewed April, 2018

Cruz Bay Watersports

   (340) 776-6234 [email protected]

   300 Chocolate Hole
   Cruz Bay, VI 00830
     * Click here to visit our Facebook
     * Click here to visit our Instagram
     * Click here to visit our TripAdvisor
     * Click here to visit our Yelp

   2018cert
   Click here to View All Tours View All Tours

Quick Links

   Secondary
     * Home
     * Tours & Activities
     * Contact Us
     * FAQs
     * About Us
     * Locations

   Privacy Policy •
