   #alternate alternate

   fbpx

   (BUTTON) Menu
     * Home
     * Podcast
          + AI
          + AR/VR and Mobile
          + Biotech
          + Blockchain
          + Climate Change and Environment
          + Economics and Politics
          + Education
          + Health and Longevity
          + Neuroscience
          + Space
          + Podcast Archives
     * About
          + About Us
          + Advertise
          + Partners & Discounts
          + Business Tools & Software
          + Recommended Books
     * Subscribe
          + Podcast
          + Newsletter
     * SUPPORT US
          + Make a Donation
          + Why Donate?
          + Patreon
          + Stripe
          + Paypal
          + Amazon Smile
     * Hire Matt
          + Advisor
          + Speaking
     * Contact
          + Hire Matt
          + Advertising

   lab grown meat

2. Growing Meat in Test Tube to Feed Humanity, Combat Climate Change and
Explore Outer Space | Mike Selden of Finless Foods

   Agritech / Clean Meat / Climate Change / Foodtech / Podcast
   Mike Selden - CEO @ Finless Foods Mike Selden (@mikeseldenFF) is
   co-founder and CEO of Finless Foods, a food startup that uses
   cutting-edge cellular-agriculture technologies to grow marine-animal
   cells, creating fish and seafood products enjoyed around the world.
   They are working toward a sci-fi, soon-here world where everyone has
   access to healthy, delectable seafood, without the environmental
   devastation or the health hazards of traditional fishing and aquatic
   farming. Mike has a background in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology,
   he is dedicated to climate justice and science advocacy. Before
   co-founding Finless Foods, he was working at the Mount Sinai Icahn
   School of Medicine in high-throughput cancer screening.

   IFRAME:
   https://widget.spreaker.com/player?episode_id=18590694&theme=light&play
   list=false&playlist-continuous=false&chapters-image=true&autoplay=false
   &live-autoplay=false&episode_image_position=right&hide-likes=false&hide
   -comments=false&hide-sharing=false&hide-logo=false&hide-download=true

   Subscribe on Apple Podcast | Google Podcast | Android | Overcast |
   Spotify | Youtube You can listen right here on iTunes In our
   wide-ranging conversation, we cover many things, including:
     * The clean meat revolution and end of animal agriculture
     * How Mike’s company Finless Foods is growing fish in a laboratory
     * The exciting science of foodtech
     * Why people need to embrace GMOs
     * How agriculture is increasingly driving climate change
     * Why we aren’t far off from growing usable human organs
     * How hard it is to fund traditional deep tech
     * Why we are entering a foodtech revolution
     * How human’s will eat and thrive in space
     * Why we need to start pricing pollution into our products

   Transcript
   Producing this podcast and transcribing the episode takes tons of time
   and resources. If you support The Disruptors and the work we do, please
   consider making a tax-deductible donation. If you can’t afford to
   support us, we completely understand as well, but an iTunes review or
   share on Twitter can go a long way too!   Mike: Yeah, I mean this is
   probably the only way anyone would ever be able to eat meat in space
   and actually we were invested in specifically by an investment firm
   that the focus is entirely on space because they know that this is kind
   of the only option so we’re very, very excited to be the first fish in
   space. I do know that because of human polluted activities we’re going
   to end up with more plastic in the ocean by weight than fish by 2050 is
   the estimate that I’ve seen. So that’s like well within our lifetimes
   and at that point we’re gonna have you know an ocean this completely
   filled with plastic like what are we going to do in order to get food
   from that? I think we should A: stop poisoning the ocean and B: start
   to move our food sources out of it. Matt: They’re using cutting-edge
   cellular agriculture technologies to grow marine animals from cells
   creating fish and seafood around the world. It’s the sci-fi future
   that’s here today; delectable, healthy and great for the environment.
   In today’s wide-ranging discussion will discuss the clean meat
   revolution and the end of animal agriculture, how Mike’s company
   Finless Foods is growing fish in a laboratory – it’s real, the exciting
   science of food tech, why people need to embrace GMOs, how agriculture
   is increasingly driving climate change, why we aren’t far off from
   fully growing human usable organs, and how we’ll fuel humanity’s rise
   and expansion in space. Without further ado, I give you Mike Selden.
   Just a quick note, we wanted to apologize for the audio on Mike’s side,
   we did the best we could. It got a little bit garbled up at times but
   it’s easy to follow and incredibly valuable. Now I give you Mike
   Selden. Mike: Yeah so what we’re doing is basically trying to give
   consumers a different choice than the one they’re faced with right now.
   Right now people have the choice between the food that they like and
   the food that’s good for the environment. You know, fishing has so many
   detrimental environmental effects and aquaculture while better still
   has a lot of like difficulties – I’m super sorry about that – a lot of
   like bad things that sort of need to be mitigated. So we’re trying to
   do is change that choice for people so what we’re doing is creating the
   same fish meat that people are used to eating but we’re just using a
   different production method. So it’s not vegan or vegetarian per se in
   that it’s not made of plants. It is real meat but we are making it by
   taking a small sample of real meat from a real fish and then growing
   that out indefinitely until we end up with meat that is large enough to
   feed a mass of people. Matt: So basically you’re creating sci-fi meat
   that requires no death. Mike: Exactly. We’re creating real meat without
   killing animals and without needing like massive environmental
   resources. We don’t need boats going out into the ocean to do all the
   fishing that fishing currently requires. We’re not needing large
   mariculture, aquaculture facilities where you fish farm in these big
   facilities offshore that require lots of insecticides, fungicides,
   herbicides, pesticides that create these big ocean dead zones. We don’t
   need large fleets of boats, we don’t need to give people all of the
   mercury and plastic that’s currently in fish. It’s just a cleaner,
   better, more efficient system that can grow fish that’s healthier and
   quicker and more efficiently than the systems that currently exist.
   Matt: That leads me to a million different questions but the first and
   most obvious one is why is this, at least for most people, the first
   time that they’re hearing about clean meat and why is this not more
   prevalent? Mike: It’s become possible with recent advances in
   technology. Some, like, really boring sounding technology that’s
   recently come out has really, really helped spur this industry into
   overdrive and really made it possible for us to do this type of work.
   Matt: Hey, Matt here. I’d like to point out the obvious but often
   overlooked fact. Notice Mike said how there was technology that
   recently came out that it suddenly opened up the industry? This is
   almost always how it works. We have technological breakthroughs and
   suddenly entire new industries are created. The industries of the
   future. So I would just invite everyone, entrepreneurs and otherwise,
   to look at those changes as they happen and to try to react. Mike:
   Like, it would be pretty much impossible for us to do the work that
   we’re doing without this really fast sequencing technology that has
   become popular in the past few years and so while that technology to
   most people it’s like, okay you can read my DNA very quickly that
   sounds really boring, to us it’s extremely important for iterating our
   process and actually understanding what’s going on inside of these
   cells in a deep enough way to really create something new with them.
   Matt: And what led you to this field? Mike: I, you know, was a vegan
   for a long time for like about six years and then I basically just
   always had a background in agriculture. Studied biochemistry and
   molecular biology at UMass Amherst which is a traditionally
   agricultural school and I was just thinking about how incredibly
   inefficient animal agriculture is. It’s like this awful system that
   just has so much waste and so many other externalities that really are
   completely unnecessary and if you’re ever going to design like you know
   a fish steak from the ground up and like the system to produce it you
   would never have designed a fish it’s just not an efficient system. A
   fish swims around, it has all these like life processes that it has to
   do, it has organs that function, it moves, it thinks and all these
   things are wasted energies. When thinking about these in terms of
   agriculture you want to have the least amount of energy put in, then
   the most amount of product out and so an entire animal isn’t really a
   good way to do that when you can just grow it from cells. Matt: Did you
   come at it more from an empathy or an engineering standpoint initially?
   Mike: This is a good question. From our company: myself, my co-founder
   come at it from opposite points of view. For me was an empathy thing
   and for him it was an engineering thing so the two of us together have
   got sort of the brains and the soul of the company *** together. For me
   it was really an empathy thing and also like I’ve always just been
   really concerned with like food justice and social justice and I just –
   there are so many people who don’t have access to clean sources of
   protein that can actually deliver high levels of nutrients for an
   affordable cost. And I think that there are better ways that we can do
   this so I really like to you, know there’s this whole like crusade for
   healthy food but it seems sort of more like a social movement. I think
   that we can really instead of trying to get people moralistically on
   board and get people to like and get corporations moralistically on
   board which is more or less possible, we can sort of shift the means of
   production themselves into a more gentle and better practice to produce
   better food for people. I’m very for like shifting things at the base.
   I’m not an individualist, I don’t really think that people’s individual
   choices can make an extreme amount of difference in the world, I think
   that collectively or on the production side, the supply side of things
   we really can shift things massively by changing things upstream. Matt:
   So basically it’s the classic example of you’ve got to make something
   better, cheaper, so that people don’t have a choice they have to go to
   the better thing essentially. Mike: Exactly. Matt: How far off are we
   from a cost parity perspective? What’s it cost right now to make a fish
   steak or what type of entrees so to speak can you guys manufacture?
   Mike: Very expensive. Well we made our first prototypes back in
   September that we served to a crowd of about 25 people. That was about
   the very, very low and affordable price of $19,000 per pound which you
   know, while very attainable for the average person, we felt that wasn’t
   really low enough. So we ended up basically just going beyond that and
   just in the past few months we’ve lowered our cost massively to – we’re
   now below $7,000 per pound. So just in the past few months we’ve
   already jumped the price down by massive leaps and bounds but it’s
   still obviously, you know, nowhere near cheap enough for anyone to
   actually buy. We plan on achieving price parity with our first set of
   products which is bluefin tuna by the end of 2019, beginning of 2020.
   Matt: Which sounds absolutely absurd. How are you guys – how are you
   forecasting this? Is this some type of Moore’s law? How would the price
   – price the curves coming down? Mike: Yeah I mean really we’re pushing
   on a few different price levers. Our biggest price numbers are three
   things and all of them are sort of centered around the exact same
   concept which is the inputs into this system. Cells need to eat just
   like animals need to eat and eat similar things so these cells eat
   these ingredients like salts, sugars and proteins that we give them and
   we just need to make the first lever we can push is making those things
   cheaper so we need to make those ingredients cheaper which is sort of a
   big chunk of our technology, I can go into that if you’re interested.
   The second component of this is recycling. Some of these ingredient
   that we’re feeding the cells don’t actually get taken apart by the
   cells or destroyed by the cells, they’re just signals. They come in and
   tell the cells that they need to divide and eat the other ingredients.
   Those are our most expensive ingredients and we can recycle them. So we
   need to create better recycling systems. It’s something that’s already
   very possible in cellular production. We just need to adapt and then
   the third lever that we can press is cell densities. Having the cells
   use these ingredients more efficiently. Now all these things are really
   components of the same thing which is our input cost where, to review,
   getting the input cost down, cycling the input and then having the
   inputs used more efficiently by the cells. Matt: So you’re basically
   bringing on engineers that can make things more efficient and probably
   have some type of production capacity or experience with pharma or
   creating other types of medicines in a similar fashion? Mike: Yeah
   we’ve got people from all sorts of things from you know food, pharma
   and everything in between. Yeah we’re – it’s really a big effort in
   cost dropping because we already know how to do 3d organ printing. Like
   that’s the technology that’s been around for a while. The problem that
   they’re having is they can’t get those organs to function inside of the
   human body but for us in creating this fish meat, it actually doesn’t
   matter. We don’t need the fish meat to function at all, we just need it
   to be cheaper. So we’re taking that technology that they were using to
   create these 3d organs and print 3d organs and just making it
   affordable. Matt: Devil’s advocate: what are people doing in terms of
   cloning? Are people looking at something similar? Kind of cloning but
   you’re only cloning a small portion. Is this something where people are
   also exploring just cloning animals? Mike: I wouldn’t really say what
   we’re doing is cloning, it’s a bit of a different technology. What
   we’re doing is really just cell division. We’re taking the natural
   biochemical process that happens inside of a fish and replicating it
   outside of a fish. Your cells inside of your body right now are
   dividing and that’s normal and we’re just taking them and letting them
   do what they want to do. It turns out that if you give cells enough
   space and enough nutrients to survive they will just divide. They’ll
   divide it very, very quick rates and this is not something that we’ve
   like programmed them to do or showed them how to do, it’s just sort of
   what they already know how to and we’re just giving them the
   opportunity to do it. Matt: Who are some of the other players in the
   space, not just fish but otherwise? Mike: Well there’s all sorts of
   people. I mean the community is really great. It’s filled with tons of
   people who are really, really dedicated to working to make something
   better for people. We were hugely inspired by the companies that came
   before us. I mean Memphis meats is sort of the, you know, the leader in
   the land animal space and we’re trying to become a leader in the fish
   and seafood space. They’re making chicken and duck which is really an
   exciting and they’re a bit further along than we are. They have a bit
   more money, a bit more people on their staff, they have this big new
   facility and so they were the inspiration for us. I came out of a
   non-profit called new harvest which is working in the non-profit
   sector. They’re taking donor money and putting it towards grants that
   can be used by PhD students to do this work. We were super inspired by
   Dr. Post over the Netherlands. Dr. Mark Post. He has a company called
   Mosa Meat which is working on beef. There’s Clara Foods in South San
   Francisco working on egg whites, Perfect Day that’s actually just a few
   blocks from us working on milk proteins, Geltor and San Leandro doing
   gelatin. All these people were like not just like really inspiring for
   us but also mentors in a lot of ways. They’ve all been – it’s just a
   great community to be in, of people who all have the same mission and
   really want to work together to achieve it. Matt: Would you say for
   most people in the industry it’s more about the engineering or the
   empathy side of things and ending industrial farming of animals? You
   know, you end up talking about both so often that I don’t even know if
   there’s a way to separate it anymore. I think that most of us, like,
   came at it from an empathy point of view and an environmentalist point
   of view and now we’re so entrenched in the engineering that like it’s
   definitely half and half. I mean at this point it’s like our entire
   life’s work. I mean I can’t really speak for myself but for me it’s
   like it’s – if it was just an engineering problem I would not be
   interested in it. No I really want to do something that has an impact.
   I want to do something that changes the world for the better. Matt:
   Quick aside. As an angel investor and someone who’s worked with
   numerous start-ups you see companies, they come, they go, they succeed,
   they fail. The ones that succeed are the ones that can persevere, that
   are obsessed about a mission and become driven to make that product or
   that vision of reality. Mike’s one of those entrepreneurs, most
   entrepreneurs aren’t. Typically if you just go for the money you don’t
   end up building something incredible and lasting because it is just a
   roller coaster and it’s so hard to come up from some of those lows so
   that you really do need a driving force. Now let’s jump back to it and
   Mike’s starting course. Mike: That said the engineering’s really
   interesting and it’s really fun to like see it happen on a day to day
   basis. Matt: How will you know when you’ve succeeded? Mike: Well we
   will have succeeded when we can – I mean there’s so many goals that we
   have in this – but we’ll succeed well we can provide healthy food for
   people and we’ll also have succeeded when we can sort of lower the toll
   that we’re taking on the ocean by fish prediction. We’ll have succeeded
   when we can cut plastic and mercury in people’s diets. We’ll, you know,
   we’ll have succeeded when we can create localized fish production in
   places that previously had no access to it because right now when you
   get fish you have to get it from the ocean generally and that is
   difficult for people who live far inland and we can create like a
   localized system of production for those peoples. They can have healthy
   protein that they previously had no access to. And all of those things,
   one of those things, some combination of those things, any, like, all
   those things I would consider to be just an absolute victory. Matt: The
   other implications of course are as we start to go ideally
   interplanetary. It’s very easy if you can bring a factory with you that
   produces. Bringing animals is another story. Noah’s Ark isn’t gonna
   fly. Mike: Yeah, yeah I mean this is probably the only way anyone would
   ever be able to eat meat in space and actually we were invested in
   specifically by an investment firm that focus is entirely on space
   because they know that this is kind of the only option so we’re very,
   very excited to be the first fish in space. Matt: What company or what
   firm? Mike: They’re called Hemisphere Ventures. They’re based out of
   Seattle, a really great group of people. Matt: How do you – how do you
   work with VCs enable – in terms of working with either them or their
   portfolio companies for synergy? We consider like when a VC has
   invested in us we really want to make that our ecosystem in a lot of
   ways. We want to help the other companies in the portfolio and we want
   to really have like a synergetic approach to them so you know for VCs
   themselves, they are a resource. They are like a resource for us and
   it’s really excellent because like I don’t have a business background,
   like you came at this has like an environmentalist and a scientist and
   so I’ve had to really learn as I’ve gone. And having the VCs that we’ve
   had just really sort of walked me through some of the more complicated
   aspects of this has been really amazing and I’m always really grateful
   for them and the other companies they have in their portfolio I mean we
   want to work with them as much as possible. Sometimes we actually have
   synergy in terms of our technology and we work together in that, like
   we’ve worked with plenty of companies in terms of actually doing
   research together and hiring them to do research for us or them sort of
   working off the stuff that we’re doing and that’s been really excellent
   and also just sort of like introducing each other to people. I mean if
   you’re in a network with a VC you know sometimes you’ll… So for example
   like I ended up at this set of meetings with all these large
   agriculture and fish producers and one of them I know doesn’t do fish
   whatsoever. But they do cattle and so I knew there’s this other company
   that’s invested in by one of our investors that does stuff for cattle
   and so I was like oh hold on give me your deck I’ll send it off to this
   corporate because I think that they’d be really interested in you and I
   like am gonna be in their boardroom because I ended up with a meeting
   with them because of this program. So I can like plug this other
   company when I don’t have any reason to plug myself. Matt: We’re living
   it seems in a golden era of food tech start-ups. How do start-ups work
   with the large corpus and incumbents? Do you feel a tension? Do you
   feel synergy? What’s your perspective? Mike: It totally depends on the
   corporate. There are some who really like claim they want to innovate
   and then think that that means like new methods of advertising and then
   there are some they’re really genuinely interested in building
   something new and some that understand like this disruption is coming
   and they can either get on board or be disrupted and the smart ones get
   on board which is awesome and it’s just been really exciting to me,
   there’s so many forward-thinking companies out there who really, really
   realize that like you know this is going to happen no matter what and
   they want to join. And a lot of them are even excited. They’re like
   this is great we’ve been looking for an environmental solution to like
   XYZ for decades now and there just hasn’t been one. I know that a lot
   of companies are looking for ways to produce bluefin tuna. It’s
   currently not something that can be effectively aqua-cultured for any
   sort of price that’s reasonable and so they’ve just been scouring the
   globe for ways to do that and now we offer a solution for producing
   bluefin tuna sustainably and they’re really excited to be in on this
   more sustainable way of producing something that’s extremely desirable.
   Matt: And I think the sustainable part is a huge driving force behind
   this. Especially as we move towards climate change and some challenges
   that we’re having. What are the – do you have off hand or rough
   estimates of the stats of how much animal agriculture is impacting and
   polluting our planet? Mike: Ooh that’s a good question. I don’t have
   exact numbers on land animal agriculture. I know that there’s a lot of
   things going on with sea agriculture which are extremely problematic so
   in terms of like wild-caught fishing I know that we just can’t produce
   any more fish than we already do. We’ve tapped out every fishery that
   really exists on earth, we’re at like ninety percent capacity and for
   the past like your decades we really haven’t been able to up our
   production of wild caught fish. This is where aquaculture has come in
   and aquaculture has been interesting in some ways because it has been
   able to up fish production and reduce the cost which is great. On the
   other hand it comes with its own problems. Aquaculture still being in
   the water means you’re still getting mercury in the food that you eat,
   you’re still getting plastic in the food that you eat. One of the
   biggest problems with this is that like we still don’t know what the
   effects of plastic on the human physiology is. We do know its effect on
   fish. It is not good and I think it’s going to be like the next
   cigarettes where it’s like we were all eating fish we thought it was
   healthy and then it comes up there’s going to be some plastic studies
   in humans which are already being worked on and it’s going to be
   really, really bad. And so us being able to take it out of the water is
   really massive. I do know that because of human pollutive activities
   we’re going to end up with more plastic in the ocean by weight than
   fish by 2050 is the estimate that I’ve seen. So that’s like well within
   our lifetimes and at that point we’re gonna have you know an ocean this
   completely filled with plastic. Like, what are we going to do in order
   to get food from that? I think A: we should a stopped poisoning the
   ocean and B: start to move our food sources out of it. So yeah there’s
   a few things that we’re doing that you know mean we need to change the
   way we make food. Matt: Speaking of stop poisoning the ocean, I’m sure
   you’re relatively connected to a lot of the other ocean tech type
   companies out there. What are some interesting things you’re seeing in
   the space? Matt: Spoiler alert. If you’re a Back to the Future nerd
   like me you’re gonna love this. Say hello to the DeLorean. Mike: Good
   call. There are some really interesting companies that are making
   things in terms of, like, there’s a lot of companies that are working
   on this really big problem of being able to see underwater which we’re
   somehow just still very bad. And so they’re working on a lot of like
   drones that can actually see when ships are damaged and like see when
   we’re you know leaking things into the rivers and to oceans and
   creating these npts with cameras on their heads so we actually have
   eyes underwater. I know that there’s a lot of interesting projects
   going on in terms of that. I also know that there is currently an open
   source project going on in France where this guy, I was gonna say young
   guy and I realize he’s like he’s exactly my age that’s kind of a silly
   thing to say, this young guy he’s saying, anyways working on a boat
   that is powered by trash and so it’s this really fascinating project.
   This guy Simon Bernard, he’s working on this thing called Plastic
   Odyssey and he wants to pilot this boat like around the world that’s
   built in – it powers itself entirely using trash and it doesn’t
   actually end up creating pollution using the trash, it’s all like
   completely biodegradable in the way that it functions. I’m not much of
   an engineer so it’s –  you should get him on the show. He’s fascinating
   and yeah really cool technology. So yeah those are like the two things
   I think are most exciting in terms of in terms of ocean tech right now
   so there’s new forms of transit essentially and then new forms are
   actually being able to see what’s going on down there so we can like
   lessen our footprint on the ocean. Matt: We’ll definitely need to look
   at getting back to the future boat guy. So yeah so there are incredible
   changes that are coming forward in the next decade, the next coming
   generation. What are some things outside of your own work that you’re
   excited about? Mike: Outside of clean meat I think that there are a lot
   of really exciting possibilities in the tech space in terms of like I
   think one of the things that I’m most excited about is this complete
   decentralization of the internet and its ability for use in politics. I
   mean one of the most exciting things that I saw happen – it was just a
   few years ago – was during these protests in Hong Kong the Chinese
   government shut down the Internet so the protesters couldn’t get in
   touch with each other anymore and so they created this intranet I
   guess. I’m not – that might be the wrong word but they just used
   Bluetooth to all talk to each other and it was app-ware. So you turn
   Bluetooth on on your phone it made messages jump from phone to phone
   and Hong Kong is so dense that they just were able to communicate with
   each other by going through each other’s phones and ending up finding
   the right person entirely without Wi-Fi, entirely without internet.
   With just phone. I think that stuff’s fascinating and it means that
   like you know it creates so much possibility of like decentralization
   of power because right now governments have so much power being able to
   censor and shut off our internet. So creating spaces where they can’t
   touch that sort of thing is really incredible and I’m very excited for
   technology like that. Matt: That obviously transitions to blockchain
   but I want to rewind for a sec Mike: Yeah Matt: So genetically modified
   food. That’s massively fought against by a large percentage of the
   population for different reasons. I would like to get your opinion on
   the – upon the thoughts of what’s happening and why people are reacting
   how they are. Mike: Totally. So you know it’s a touchy subject there
   are a lot of reasons to be upset at the way the GMO industry went about
   putting products on the market. I think the GMO industry did not have
   an open and honest conversation with the public, did not really explain
   what they were doing and I think that they could have mitigated this by
   doing this differently. So instead of using genetic modification to
   create products that immediately benefit the consumer they instead
   created products that immediately benefit the farmer which is more b2b
   so they made things that you know use less water use less pesticides
   use less land. But that’s very abstract for people and it’s confusing
   and difficult to understand whereas instead right now what they’re
   doing actually makes more sense like Intrexon is creating the ,you
   know, the arctic Apple which doesn’t Brown. That stuff’s really
   exciting for people and they’re working on you know like Golden Rice
   which can do added levels of vitamin A for people and that’s really
   exciting. So I think moving GMO more into the realm of like things that
   immediately benefit people and so it’s sort of seen as is an actually
   healthy option rather than just as something that’s more efficient. The
   reality is that people care a lot about their health and they care a
   lot about food and food is very personal and to change that underneath
   people without having an open and honest conversation is going to
   definitely just have bad results. So we’re trying to learn our lessons
   from that and to have an open and honest conversation with people
   before we hit the markets. That we make sure that people understand who
   we are and where we’re coming from and what the benefits of this are to
   them, not just to us. I think GMO has massive potential for saving the
   planet and for lowering water use, lowering pesticide use, lowering
   land use, creating more efficient uses of land and creating new and
   nutritious food that people can eat that has added functionality. I
   think it just needs to be brought to people in the right way and in
   more of an open setting and I think that what’s really important is
   making sure that GMO is taken into the public sector. More research
   should be done in public universities. More powers can be given to
   biohackers to create plants in their own homes that really are
   completely can benefit them and that are completely decoupled from the
   capitalist system. People don’t see it profitable **** meat but instead
   see it as something that you know is this really cool beneficial
   technology that can make the world better. Matt: I mean would it be
   fair to say essentially what’s happening – it feels like is a lot of
   entitled people that aren’t entirely educated on the science
   over-reacted or got very upset by how things were done without really
   thinking about the implications that we were gonna eat ourselves to
   death. So that you really would not be able to have kids in the future
   if you didn’t have a future with GMOs. Oh totally I mean this attitude
   of like no – like anti GMO stuff it’s very much set in privilege and
   it’s very much set in this idea of like well I don’t trust it so no one
   should be able to have it. I mean you can even see that on like the
   really imperialist laws that Europe puts on Africa in terms of denying
   them access to GMOs. It’s very paternalistic and it’s really, you know
   there’s a lot of African farmers that are crying out and want GMO
   technology because they know like their banana crops are being
   absolutely ruined and all sorts of other crops are in danger. I mean
   like my research previous to this was in this fungus called fusarium
   oxysporum which is more colloquially known as Panama disease and it
   wiped out bananas on a scale so massive that actually we don’t – the
   thing that was wiped out no longer exists and we’ve just picked another
   plant and now call that the banana because it was so thorough in wiping
   out this plant. And this thing that we eat now was before called a
   cavendish. It was just another type of plant that’s sort of like a
   banana, like a plantain and the one before was called a gros michel and
   like this fungus is still out there. If we don’t create solutions to
   bat this thing off this is gonna create massive food shortages in
   places like Africa where they do rely on large mono crops to feed
   themselves sometimes. And I mean it’s even dangerous for us in like our
   wheat. Like our wheat is large and it’s pretty much identical so if
   anything comes to like knock this stuff out we are in trouble. If we
   can’t embrace new technology and new crop protection solutions we are
   in trouble. But the thing that I wanted to say to bring us back to what
   you’re talking about is that I guess we is the wrong word. I will never
   be in trouble from any of this stuff. I am a, like, fairly well-off,
   like, white male in America and like I’m not ever going to deal with
   food shortages and this idea of like non-GMO and not allowing this
   technology that can produce more food to be out in the wild just means
   that the people who can afford food will still be able to have it and
   the people who don’t have as much access to resources won’t be able to
   eat. So it just comes from this massive place of privilege that I –
   that really irks me and so I think it’s important to like get
   conversation out there and to talk to people in their own terms about
   this stuff and to explain to them not from like corporatist point of
   view and not from a prophet’s point of view but more from a
   humanitarian point of view. Like how important GMOs are. Matt: Hey Matt
   here. If you think more people need to hear this, need to learn this
   information and hopefully incorporate it into their life please
   consider sharing fringe.fm – share it around on iTunes and stitcher and
   any bit of support helps and anything that we can do to reach more
   people and try to make a bigger impact is all for the better. So
   fringe.FM slash iTunes or stitcher. Share it around and help us try to
   change the world. I think a big part of it’s ignorance as well, just
   not understanding the situation or the potential pros and cons but the
   next thing I wanted to transition to before we get to blockchain, one
   more important thing is where do you see the future of farming headed?
   Do you see large-scale farming as we have today or do you see it going
   on a much more consumer eyes basis: urban farming etc? Mike: It’s an
   interesting thing I think – I think that you know we should be doing
   things efficiently and I think that means large-scale farming and I
   think that large-scale animal agriculture is like not a winner. I think
   that there’s really no way to scale that up more than we already have.
   We’re pushing the limits of biology in terms of that. I think even if
   we start moving into things like indoor agriculture people aren’t gonna
   be growing their own food. I mean that’s also like a privileged thing.
   Like, I don’t have enough time to grow my own food. Like I think it’d
   be fun but I’m running I’m running Finless Foods over here and like I
   just don’t have time to maintain a garden even if I wanted to do that.
   I think a lot of people are similar especially in America where people
   have to work like three or four jobs in order to get by. Those people
   don’t have the ability to grow their own food, they don’t have time and
   so I think that like massive like industrial farming, as bad as that
   sounds, really is the solution for that. It just it needs to have
   better technologies that it can be done in a more gentle way. Matt: And
   closer to – closer to home. Closer to where the food needs to be. I
   think if you can do smaller scale industrial farming around individual
   cities it probably makes the most sense. Mike: Yeah absolutely and like
   this idea that we’ve like picked a dichotomy between these two things
   like oh well it needs to be either massive industrial farming that has
   – that isn’t local or you know small-scale farming in your own home
   like the answer is definitely somewhere in between. You know we can
   have large-scale farms near urban centers and make sure that food is
   actually eaten locally. Like you can eat local food from an industrial
   farm that’s near you like there are crops that are farmed on a large
   scale close to you. So it’s like the solution is like not using these
   buzz words really. I think you’re totally right. The solution is like
   somewhere – I hate when people say this but solution is somewhere in
   the middle. Matt: You mean we don’t need two political parties? So
   speaking of blockchain… Mike: Yeah… Matt: What uh, what are your
   thoughts? Mike: I am not an expert. I mean I – I’ve never been – I like
   computers, I like build – I build my own computers because I like
   recording music and that’s the cheapest way to do that, not much for
   video games. I don’t – coding makes me feel like I’m dying. Blockchain
   is really cool. I don’t know how it integrates with us so much. I’m
   excited about it for a lot of things. I mean I’m excited about it more
   like the political side of things. It would be really interesting to
   you know say blockchain technology takes off and we all use that as our
   currency for whatever reason. How is anyone going to have their money
   kept track of? So taxes will be this sort of thing that is impossible
   to do on individuals which, you know, in some ways it’s good, in some
   ways it’s bad, but I think that what could be interesting about it is
   it would force the government to consider new ways of taxing and I
   think one of the most exciting prospects of that is that we could, in
   America, actually move to something that I’ve advocated for a while
   which is a land value tax. Land value tax basically is like taxing land
   that isn’t used so right now people go into cities they massive amounts
   of land and they just sit on it. Just wait for the price to go up
   because they’ve created a shortage and then once the price is really
   high they sell it. These people are creating no economic activity
   whatsoever. They’re profiting off of basically just having money
   already and they’re sort of leeches on the economy. They are taking
   money from people who do things with it and just keeping it. So land
   value tax would like create a tax system where you would tax very
   heavily land that is owned and isn’t used so you can use it by letting
   someone build something on it or having some sort of business on it or
   letting people live on it and creating housing. That’s all usage but if
   you just sit on it and do nothing you get taxed to all hell and so
   there are a lot of analysis of land value tax that show that we could
   actually replace the income tax with the land value tax in America and
   end up with more income coming into the government than we currently
   have. So we basically take the tax burden off of people and move it on
   to corporations and property owners and I do like that because I think
   that people could use a break at least a lot of poor people although I
   do worry that then we wouldn’t be able to tax billionaires which I
   think we should do, so I don’t know. I’m mixed on it. I’m not – I’m not
   the best source I guess. Matt: Well that would tax the billionaires but
   it would also tax all of the people in government so they probably
   would not be keen on that I imagine they all have a lot of real estate
   that they do not do much with. Yeah it is annoying how much arbitrage
   and just garbage there is in the economy. The same could be said with
   pretty much all stock trading automation. Mike: Totally. Matt: better…
   it’s just arbitrage that doesn’t add value. I want to transition now to
   something that’s a little bit lighter and brighter and that’s your
   thoughts on the future. What industry are you most excited about? Mike:
   Can it be mine? It can be this? Matt: We’ll go outside of clean meats
   because obviously that’s exciting and one of the great tragedies of
   today is that we’re killing everything we eat without quite killing it.
   Mike: Industries outside of my own that are extremely exciting? I would
   really like to say something that’s not stereotypical. I mean obviously
   like AI and blockchain and machine learning, machine vision. It’s all
   very, very cool. There’s people who can say way cooler stuff about that
   than I can. I think what’s really exciting is the power of machine
   vision and automation to plow through paperwork. In terms of civic tech
   I think that it’s actually extremely exciting. One of the most exciting
   things that I saw recently was, I’m gonna butcher this, but the core
   truth of it is still there. There is this law recently passed where
   like loads of people in California can have their sentences reduced or
   can get out of prison because of – I think it’s new marijuana laws.
   Like now that marijuana is legal in California like you know all these
   sentences are being reduced. It might not be that might be something
   else but basically but there’s a lot of forms that need to be filled
   out in order to reduce your sentence or to get off whatever your role
   is X Y Z but there’s this really great sort of civic tech incubator
   called Code for America and out of this incubator came this app that
   can automatically fill out that forms for you so you just put in a few
   simple pieces of information and it’s gotten like I think it’s like
   6,000 people have their sentences reduced now just because this one app
   got produced and so like and this is just able to create these
   solutions where you can just cut through red tape and create better
   solutions for people which is awesome. I’m you know kind of anti
   prison. I think people shouldn’t be in prison and like this is a really
   good way to get nonviolent offenders out of prison and it’s a really
   great use of technology and I wish people were focused more on – more
   on that side of thing and like directly improving people’s lives. Matt:
   But you know prison is just so profitable. Often you find the root of
   evil so to speak at the misalignment of incentives. So here we find the
   prison system which is a private system where businesses are built
   based off of locking people up. That creates a system where more and
   more nonviolent offenders become locked up because large parties and
   influencers i.e. people putting money into politics for less than ideal
   reasons, can create some of the laws and regulations that affect us.
   This has been true in the prison system, this has been true with
   automobiles, this is true with pharma and many, many industries. When
   you find incentives that aren’t quite aligned you often find these type
   of problems and potentially massive solutions in businesses. There’s
   our big – there’s our big problem. A lot of time people that are doing
   things that matter don’t have the – don’t have the profit side of
   things down. Are there any areas like that where you see really
   interesting or compelling problems you would like to see solved but
   that don’t have great businesses or use cases or start-ups focused on
   them? Mike: Man, I wish I had thought really hard about this before we
   got on here. Definitely. I think that more open-source platforms for
   communicating between local grassroots organizers. You know the
   political organizing is something that just inherently has like no
   money in it or if it has money in it then it’s not great right? Because
   the point is to organize people without money involved. We need more
   platforms or we need a better platform that people can communicate with
   and coordinate like local politics and then sort of build that up into
   more of a national politics thing. So that’ll be really difficult to
   monetize one way or another but the technology in it would be really
   fascinating. And then just all sorts of deep tech stuff that would be
   really massive for all sorts of medical purposes and our purposes. My
   prime example of this that I always harp on is stereolithography. Like
   this crazy technology that is being used to 3d print organs in like 45
   seconds to a minute and it can print micro vasculature which is really
   exciting. We’re excited about potentially using it for what we’re doing
   in terms of our tissue engineering. It’s very hard to make this sort of
   thing profitable right now because it’s a bit far away and so the
   research really has to happen in the public sector in a pretty – in a
   pretty extreme way. Also tech that can be used to like clean things up
   generally has to be paired with legislation so like there’s this great
   company called Ula Biologics that’s using this bacteria to clean mine
   wastewater and the only reason that their company exists is because the
   government basically regulated mines so, like, hey you can’t dump this
   wastewater anywhere you want, you have to clean it and so they create
   this really efficient system for cleaning wastewater. And so you know
   we can incentivize things that are not, that shouldn’t be profitable or
   at least that aren’t directly profitable, using legislation like that.
   When legislation says hey corporations have to clean up after
   themselves. That actually ends up spurring a whole green industry so I
   think that what we could do is like do what Europe has done in terms
   of, like, linking corporations more to the effects of what they’re
   doing and in doing that actually create a profitable industry out of
   cleaning up the mess and like capturing carbon and creating cleaner
   energy sources and stuff like that. That sort of stuff I think is a
   good solution for taking things that currently aren’t profitable like
   cleaning up the environment and making them profitable so we actually
   can get some private capital into that. Matt: So like a carbon tax
   credit type system? Mike: Yeah that stuff is – that’s a really good
   example of what I’m talking about. Matt: Yeah I think we have a long
   ways to go on that especially with this administration we can only hope
   for the next one, but… Mike: Yeah… Matt: Sometimes that’s how things
   are. Part of this program is about inspiring the next generation. The
   change makers, the creators. So I want a challenge for our listeners or
   an ask. Something that you would like to point out or ask folks that
   are listening. Mike: I would find, I think that there’s so many things
   that can be done b2b that could make a massive difference that people
   aren’t looking at. All sorts of little tiny things that can make
   enormous impacts and they’re not flashy and they’re not sexy and they
   don’t even seem interesting but like say a corporation uses like an
   animal like a lot of big manufacturers use fish oil as grease, as a
   lubricant but if you could create a cost-effective lubricant that
   doesn’t use fish you’d be decreasing humanity’s dependence on the
   oceans and you’d be taking us out of that and you know making fish less
   profitable. You’d be maybe reducing the amount of fish that’s caught,
   even if it’s a by-product. You’re at least making the fishing industry
   less profitable which means less fish end up ****. So I would say look
   to b2b solutions. Look into the minutia of things. My challenge to
   people is like look into tiny pieces of large industrial operations and
   find where – for me I mean, find where animals are being used or find
   where like slave labour’s being used. Find where like unethical
   business practices are being used and how can you like solve that? I
   mean… Matt: Notice what Mike did here by the way. Mike’s building an
   incredible social enterprise which is also one that will be incredibly
   profitable in the future and he’s calling out other entrepreneurs to do
   the same to find the problems that exist in the world and solve them.
   This is the way that the world becomes a better place and entrepreneurs
   like Mike are making that happen. Mike: Right now is a lot of slavery
   going on in Thailand. In terms of shrimp processing, can you develop a
   cost-effective shrimp processing machine so that there – it’s cheaper
   to use this machine than to have slaves? Like there’s massive problems
   on the business-to-business side that could be solved through
   technological fixes and I think people aren’t looking at that enough.
   Matt: Or you can grow those shrimp which I imagine that might be in
   your pipeline which is why that came up. Mike: I agree yeah that’s
   exactly why that – I was like researching that basically and I was just
   like oh my god. I was looking into, you know, shrimp production and
   like the cost of it and I was like wow it really is cheap and looking
   at why it’s cheap and it’s slavery. So that was not super exciting.
   Matt: So I have one easy question for you and by easy I mean incredibly
   challenging. When will 80% of the meat that we eat to be manufactured
   versus killed? Mike: Ooh that’s the million-dollar question. I want to
   say things with varying degrees of certainty. I am a hundred percent
   certain or as close you can get to a hundred percent that it will
   happen within our lifetimes and I mean my lifetime, I’m 27 and I’m
   convinced that it will absolutely happen within my lifetime. I am
   fairly certain it will happen within 50 years and I think that we can
   get over 50% in like maybe 20 to 30 years. Matt: Which means it’ll
   either be a little bit longer or significantly faster because that’s
   how technology seems to progress. Mike: Yep and you know this industry
   has exploded in the past year it – the progress that we’ve made alone
   at Finless Foods has been crazy and then also like you know when we
   started this company we were the second company really. Or like maybe
   like the third. We were the second to get funding and now there’s 13
   companies working just in the meat space. So that’s not counting like
   the egg mayo people anything like that, the milk or gelatin. This is
   just different types of meat. Now there’s like 13 companies which is
   wild and who knows how many are still down the pipeline. So this is
   exploding and tons of money is being dumped into this ****. People
   understand that this is the future so it could be accelerated way
   beyond what I just said and I, you know, really hope that’s true. Matt:
   I really hope that’s true as well. This is one of the great crimes of
   humanity at least of our generation. Mike: I totally agree. I’m a
   little biased but I totally agree. Matt: Just a little bit biased.
   Mike, where’s the best place for people to find you online and tell you
   you are awesome? Mike: Yeah sure, so we’re at finlessfoods.com – you
   can definitely follow us on Facebook: Finless Foods, Instagram,
   Twitter. I’m very responsive on Twitter. My Twitter is actually where
   you should definitely try and get in contact with me. It’s Mike Selden,
   FFSELDEN. I am thoroughly addicted Twitter. I love it very desperately.
   So yeah if you want to talk to me personally that’s the best way. If
   you want to get in touch with the company, send us an email through the
   website. There’s a contact form and that’ll go you know to more broadly
   the company itself. Yeah, feel free to get in touch. You can always
   message on Facebook, we exist there too. We’re everywhere. Matt: We’ll
   throw links and everything in the show notes guys, fringe.FM – Mike
   thanks so much for coming on. This has been a fun conversation and
   hopefully it’s expanded people’s horizon just a bit. Mike: Yeah thanks
   so much for having me Matt. This was awesome. Great questions, I can’t
   wait to hear it.
   —

   Make a Tax-Deductible Donation to Support The Disruptors

   The Disruptors is supported by the generosity of its readers and
   listeners. If you find our work valuable, please consider supporting us
   on Patreon, via Paypal or with DonorBox powered by Stripe.

   Donate
   patreon The Disruptors futurist podcast
       Uplevel Your Meditation and Mind muse head band Do you meditate?
   Muse is a neurofeedback (ie EEG based brain-sensing) device that helps
   meditators/anyone learn to control their mind and quiet the thoughts.
   The science is great, neurofeedback helps meditators achieve zen-level
   results in less time. I’m a big fan of meditation (as you know) and
   Muse is hooking listeners up with 15% OFF when they use our link

You Might Like These Too!

     * 32. The Future of Biotech and Humanity Livestream Panel - Exploring
       Gene Editing, Longevity, Clean Meat and More… 32. The Future of
       Biotech and Humanity Livestream…
     * 79. The Science of Brain Aging, Basis of Consciousness and Future
       of Neuroscience | Dr. Brynn Winegard 79. The Science of Brain
       Aging, Basis of…
     * 67. The Future of Digital Health, Personalized Medicine and
       Possible Immortality | Bertalan Meskó - The Medical Futurist 67.
       The Future of Digital Health, Personalized…
     * 77. End Degenerative Disease, Increase IQ and Live Longer while
       Saving the World | Dr. David Perlmutter 77. End Degenerative
       Disease, Increase IQ and Live…
     * 52. Music as Medicine and Performance Enhancement | Alex Doman 52.
       Music as Medicine and Performance Enhancement |…
     * 73. How to Live Longer, Healthier Lives and Rewrite the Rules of
       News | Peter Bowes of Live Long and Master Aging Podcast 73. How to
       Live Longer, Healthier Lives and Rewrite…

   Tagged: Agritechclean meatgenetic engineeringstem cells
     * Share
     * Tweet
     * +1
     * Share
     * Pin

Post navigation

   Previous PostNext Post

Get Free Copy of My Book: Gods of the Valley

   ____________________

   (BUTTON) Submit

   Search for: ____________________ Search

Subscribe to Podcast

   on Apple Podcastson Androidon Google Podcastson Stitcheron Spotifyvia
   RSS

   ____________________
   (BUTTON)
   GET ACCESS

Latest Episodes

     * astronomy
       148. Hunting Habitable Planets and an MIT Insiders’ Take on Broken
       Education System and Tech Addiction | Sara Seager
       October 1, 2019
     * sharing cities
       147. How Sharing Cities Saves the World From Destructive Big Tech
       Capitalism and Libertarianism | Neal Gorenflo
       September 27, 2019
     * universal basic income
       146. How Universal Basic Income Makes Us Richer, How to Pay for It
       and Why Our Economy is in Trouble | Jim Pugh
       September 23, 2019
     * ridesharing uber and lyft
       145. Zipcar Founder Robin Chase on Lessons Learned Inventing
       Ridesharing Almost a Decade Before Uber and What It Means for
       Future of Urban Transportation
       September 20, 2019
     * superhuman academy learning
       144. Psychedelics, Superhuman Memory and Evolving Education as We
       Head Towards Jobless Future | Jonathan Levi of SuperHuman Academy
       September 16, 2019

Categories

   Categories[Select Category_______]

Support Us

   Make Tax Deductible Donation Today!

   Unlock BONUS Episodes, Questions and Extra with Every Guest!

   The Disruptors is fiscally sponsored by an accredited 501(c)3 charity
   and able to accept tax deductible donations via the following platforms

   SUPPORT US

Save $1 On Coffee

   CASH APP SIDEBAR

Let's Connect

     * Twitter
     * YouTube
     * Soundcloud

     *

Listener Reviews
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +

     * Home
     * Podcast
     * About
     * Subscribe
     * SUPPORT US
     * Hire Matt
     * Contact

   © Copyright The Disruptors - 2019 All Rights Reserved.
