   JCU logo
     * Students
     * |
     * Staff
     * |
     * LearnJCU
     * |
     * Library
     * |
     * Contacts

     * jcu.me
     * |
     * What's new?
     * |
     * Help
     * |
     * Login

   Site menu
   Research Portfolio
   JCU logo

   Profile photo of Prof Terry Hughes

Prof Terry Hughes ~ Director, ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies

ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies

     * Researchers
     * Centres
     * Institutes
     * Colleges
     * Search
     * About this site
     * Feedback

   JCU > Research Portfolio > Prof Terry Hughes

   About

        Professor Terry Hughes is Director of the Australian Research
                Council (ARC) Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies,
                which is headquartered at James Cook University,
                Australia. His research focuses on the linkages between
                the ecology of reefs and their importance for societies
                and economies. He has worked extensively in Australia, the
                Coral Triangle Region, and in the Caribbean. An important
                aspect of his research is understanding the dynamics and
                resilience of coral reefs, and translating this knowledge
                into innovative and practical solutions for improved reef
                management.

        Interests

              Research

                    # In the past five years, my research has increasingly
                      evolved in a new direction, moving from an
                      ecological focus to a broader evaluation of the
                      linkages between coral reef ecosystems and people.
                      This new program focuses on solutions for managing
                      resilience and for coping with change and
                      uncertainty in complex social-ecological systems.
                      The ARC Centre is developing further research
                      capacity in this area by strategic recruitment of
                      social scientists, creating a unique
                      multi-disciplinary team of the highest calibre. My
                      recent work has focussed on market drivers of
                      ecological change, missing institutions, identifying
                      safe planetary boundaries for human development,
                      avoiding social traps, and transformative governance
                      of the sea in Australia, Chile, China, the Galapagos
                      Islands, Gulf of Maine and the Coral Triangle. My
                      future research will focus on the linkages between
                      coral reef ecosystems, the goods and services they
                      provide to people, and the welfare of human
                      societies. The objective is to improve the
                      governance and management of natural systems and
                      enhance their capacity to sustain human and natural
                      capital. The overarching goal is to integrate the
                      science of coral reef resilience with
                      decision-making and management.

        Research Disciplines

               o Environmental Science and Management (0502)
               o Ecological Applications (0501)
               o Ecology (0602)

        Socio-Economic Objectives

               o Climate and Climate Change (9603)
               o Flora, Fauna and Biodiversity (9608)
               o Environmental Policy, Legislation and Standards (9607)

   Honours

        Awards

               o 2014 - Einstein Professorship
               o 2008 - The Darwin Medal
               o 2007 - Eureka Sherman Prize for Environmental Science

        Fellowships

               o 2012 to 2017 - ARC Laureate Fellow
               o 2007 to 2012 - Federation Fellow
               o 2002 to 2007 - Federation Fellow

   Publications
          These are the most recent publications associated with this
          author. To see a detailed profile of all publications stored at
          JCU, visit ResearchOnline@JCU. Hover over Altmetrics badges to
          see social impact.

        Journal Articles

               o Bellwood D, Pratchett M, Morrison T, Gurney G, Hughes T,
                 Álvarez-Romero J, Day J, Grantham R, Grech A, Hoey A,
                 Jones G, Pandolfi J, Tebbett S, Techera E, Weeks R and
                 Cumming G (2019) Coral reef conservation in the
                 Anthropocene: confronting spatial mismatches and
                 prioritizing functions. Biological Conservation, 236. pp.
                 604-615
               o Harrison H, Álvarez-Noriega M, Baird A, Heron S,
                 Macdonald C and Hughes T (2019) Back-to-back coral
                 bleaching events on isolated atolls in the Coral Sea.
                 Coral Reefs, 38 (4). pp. 713-719
               o Hughes T, Kerry J, Connolly S, Baird A, Eakin C, Heron S,
                 Hoey A, Hoogenboom M, Jacobson M, Liu G, Pratchett M,
                 Skirving W and Torda G (2019) Ecological memory modifies
                 the cumulative impact of recurrent climate extremes.
                 Nature Climate Change, 9 (1). pp. 40-44
               o Morrison T, Hughes T, Adger W, Brown K, Barnett J, Lemos
                 M, Huitema D, Huchery C, Chaigneau T, Turner R and
                 Hettiarachchi M (2019) Save reefs to rescue all
                 ecosystems. Nature, 573. pp. 333-336
               o Morrison T, Adger W, Brown K, Lemos M, Huitema D, Phelps
                 J, Evans L, Cohen P, Song A, Turner R, Quinn T and Hughes
                 T (2019) The black box of power in polycentric
                 environmental governance. Global Environmental Change,
                 57.
               o Baird A, Madin J, Álvarez-Noriega M, Fontoura L, Kerry J,
                 Kuo C, Precoda K, Torres-Pulliza D, Woods R, Zawada K and
                 Hughes T (2018) A decline in bleaching suggests that
                 depth can provide a refuge from global warming in most
                 coral taxa. Marine Ecology - Progress Series, 603. pp.
                 257-264
               o Cinner J, Adger W, Allison E, Barnes M, Brown K, Cohen P,
                 Gelcich S, Hicks C, Hughes T, Lau J, Marshall N and
                 Morrison T (2018) Building adaptive capacity to climate
                 change in tropical coastal communities. Nature Climate
                 Change, 8 (2). pp. 117-123
               o Hughes T, Anderson K, Connolly S, Heron S, Kerry J, Lough
                 J, Baird A, Baum J, Berumen M, Bridge T, Claar D, Eakin
                 C, Gilmour J, Graham N, Harrison H, Hobbs J, Hoey A,
                 Hoogenboom M, Lowe R, McCulloch M, Pandolfi J, Pratchett
                 M, Schoepf V, Torda G and Wilson S (2018) Spatial and
                 temporal patterns of mass bleaching of corals in the
                 Anthropocene. Science, 359 (6371). pp. 80-83
               o Hughes T, Kerry J, Baird A, Connolly S, Dietzel A, Eakin
                 C, Heron S, Hoey A, Hoogenboom M, Liu G, McWilliam M,
                 Pears R, Pratchett M, Skirving W, Stella J and Torda G
                 (2018) Global warming transforms coral reef assemblages.
                 Nature, 556 (7702). pp. 492-496
               o Lough J, Anderson K and Hughes T (2018) Increasing
                 thermal stress for tropical coral reefs: 1871-2017.
                 Scientific Reports, 8. pp. 1-8
               o McWilliam M, Hoogenboom M, Baird A, Kuo C, Madin J and
                 Hughes T (2018) Biogeographical disparity in the
                 functional diversity and redundancy of corals.
                 Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the
                 United States of America, 115 (12). pp. 3084-3089
               o Connolly S, Hughes T and Bellwood D (2017) A unified
                 model explains commonness and rarity on coral reefs.
                 Ecology Letters, 20 (4). pp. 477-486

        More
                ResearchOnline@JCU stores 148+ research outputs authored
                by Prof Terry Hughes from 1980 onwards.

   Current Funding
          Current and recent Research Funding to JCU is shown by funding
          source and project.

CGIAR - Contract Research

CGIAR Fish-Agri-Food Systems

        Indicative Funding
                $429,091 over 4 years (administered by WorldFish,
                Malaysia)

        Summary
                JCU and WorldFish are committed to delivery of Flagship 2
                "Sustaining small-scale fisheries" of the FISH CRP, and in
                particular Cluster 1 Resilient Coastal Fisheries and with
                contributions towards Cluster 3 Fish in Regional Food
                Systems (Program description
                http://on.cgiar.org/CRP2Proposals). This partnership will
                produce novel research contributing to increasing
                nutrition-sensitive fisheries management and policy for
                small-scale coastal fisheries, and leading to increased
                adpative capacity and resilience of small-scale coastal
                fisheries in the face of climate change. This partnership
                also represents a strong opportunity to build
                research-in0development capacity of students and
                post-doctoral research fellows based in Australia and in
                WorldFish focal countries.

        Investigators
                Joshua Cinner, Terry Hughes and Cindy Huchery (ARC Centre
                of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies)

        Keywords
                Pacific Islands; small scale coastal fisheries; Climate
                Change; adaptive capacity and resilience; food security
                and nutrition; Sustainable Fisheries

Australian Research Council - Centres of Excellence

ARC Centre of Excellence for Integrated Coral Reef Studies

        Indicative Funding
                $28,000,000 over 7 years

        Summary
                The overarching aim of the ARC Centre of Excellence for
                Integrated Coral Reef Studies is to provide the scientific
                knowledge necessary for sustaining ecosystem goods and
                services of the world's coral reefs, which support the
                livelihoods and food security of millions of people in the
                tropics. The Centre will enhance Australia's global
                leadership in coral reef science through three ambitious
                research programs addressing the future of coral reefs and
                their ability to adapt to change. A key outcome of the
                research will be providing tangible benefits to all
                Australians by bui8lding bridges between the natural and
                social sciences, strengthening capacity, and informing and
                supporting transformative changes in coral reef governance
                and management.

        Investigators
                Terry Hughes, Ove Hoegh-Guldberg, Malcolm McCulloch, Peter
                Mumby, Sean Connolly, John Pandolfi, Bob Pressey, Andrew
                Baird, David Bellwood, Joshua Cinner, Sophie Dove, Maja
                Adamska, Mia Hoogenboom, Geoff Jones, Mike Kingsford, Ryan
                Lowe, Mark McCormick, David Miller, Philip Munday, Morgan
                Pratchett, Garry Russ and Tiffany Morrison in
                collaboration with Janice Lough, David Wachenfeld, Stephen
                Palumbi, Serge Planes and Philippa Cohen (ARC Centre of
                Excellence for Coral Reef Studies, The University of
                Queensland, The University of Western Australia, College
                of Science & Engineering, Australian National University,
                College of Public Health, Medical & Vet Sciences,
                Australian Institute of Marine Science, Great Barrier Reef
                Marine Park Authority, Stanford University, Centre
                National de la Recherche Scientifique and WorldFish)

        Keywords
                coral reef ecosystems; Climate Change Adaptation;
                ecological resilience; biodiversity goods and services;
                social-ecological dynamics

Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation - Donation

GBR Coral Replenishment

        Indicative Funding
                $63,181

        Summary
                This funding will be used to support our research on the
                capacity of coral reefs to cope with climate change.
                Specifically, in 2019 we will examine the rate of coral
                replenishment along the length of the Great Barrier Reef,
                in the aftermath of the two bleaching events in 2016 and
                2017. The objective is to compare stock-recruitment
                relationships today with earlier, to better understand the
                recoverability of reefs.

        Investigators
                Terry Hughes (ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef
                Studies)

        Keywords
                Climate Change; stock recruitment relationships; coral
                replenishment; reef recoverability; Coral Bleaching

ACIAR - Research Grant

Research Fellow: Governing for resilience and equity in small-scale fisheries

        Indicative Funding
                $180,000 over 3 years (administered by World Fish,
                Malaysia)

        Summary
                The objective of this project is to enhance collaborative
                research between WorldFish and the Centre of Excellence
                with a particular focus on participation of the Centre in
                ACIAR's project 'Strengthening and scaling community-based
                approaches to Pacific coastal fisheries management in
                support of the New Song." WorldFish and the Centre will
                co-fund a Postdoctoral Research Fellow to undertake
                research on governing for food security, equity and
                resilience in Pacific small-scale fisheries.

        Investigators
                Terry Hughes (ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef
                Studies)

        Keywords
                Pacific Islands; Small scale fisheries management; Gender
                equity; Food Security; Resilience; Sustainability

Australian Research Council - Discovery - Australian Laureate Fellowships

Science for management of coral reefs

        Indicative Funding
                $2,511,216 over 6 years

        Summary
                The overarching aim is to increase knowledge of the
                dynamics and resilience of ecosystems (i.e. their capacity
                to absorb recurrent shocks without tipping into a degraded
                condition), and to incorporate these research findings
                into improved management of coral reefs. The Fellowship
                will develop research programs of international
                significance through the establishment of new
                collaborative teams that transcend disciplinary
                boundaries. Coral reefs provide essential ecosystem
                services and food security to millions of people. A key
                outcome of the research will be to actively transfer
                scientific knowledge to end-users, to increase their
                capacity and effectiveness and provide tangible benefits
                to all Australians.

        Investigators
                Terry Hughes (ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef
                Studies)

        Keywords
                Coral reefs; Ecosystems; Biodiversity; Ecology;
                social-ecological systems; Resilience; regime-shift

International Center for Living Aquatic Resources Management - Contract
Research

Improving community based fisheries management in Pacific countries

        Indicative Funding
                $175,504 over 4 years

        Summary
                The objective of this Project is to enhance collaborative
                research between WorldFish and the Centre of Excellence
                with a particular focus on participation of the Centre in
                ACIAR project Improving Community-based Fisheries
                Management in Pacific Countries. WorldFish and the Centre
                will co-fund a Postdoctoral Research Fellow to undertake
                research on governance and sustainability of Pacific
                island coastal fisheries.

        Investigators
                Terry Hughes (ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef
                Studies)

        Keywords
                Pacific Island; Coastal Management; sustainability;
                Fisheries Management; Communities

Griffith University - National Climate Change Adaptation Research Facility -
Contract Research

Policy Guidance Brief: GBR and its Ecosystem Services

        Indicative Funding
                $6,000

        Summary
                Development of a policy guidance brief on the Great
                Barrier Reef and its ecosystem services.

        Investigators
                Terry Hughes (ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef
                Studies)

        Keywords
                Great Barrier Reef; Ecosystem Services; Synthesis; Climate
                change

Australian Institute of Marine Science - Contract Research

Deep-Water Reefs in Northern Australia

        Indicative Funding
                $174,080 over 4 years

        Summary
                There is increasing awareness of the importance of
                submerged and deep-water banks habitat for diverse
                ecological communities and, potentially, refugia from
                climate change. However, due to logistic and technological
                restrictions, they remain poorly studied compared to
                shallow-water coral reef habitats. This project will
                investigate biodiversity associated with deep-water reefs
                and submerged shoal habitats across northern Australia and
                assess their potential to provide refugia for coral reef
                biota from climate change. I will also use new technology
                such as 3D imaging and light-field cameras to enable
                surveying and repeat monitoring of deep-water coral reef
                habitats.

        Investigators
                Terry Hughes (ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef
                Studies)

        Keywords
                Mesophotic; Climate Change; Underwater Imaging; Coral
                Reef; Refugia; Autonomous Underwater Vehicle

   Supervision
          Advisory Accreditation: I can be on your Advisory Panel as a
          Primary or Secondary Advisor.

          These Higher Degree Research projects are either current or by
          students who have completed their studies within the past 5
          years at JCU. Linked titles show theses available within
          ResearchOnline@JCU.

        Current

               o Ecological Drivers of Community Stability in Space and
                 Time (PhD , Primary Advisor/AM/Adv)
               o Primary Habitat Requirements of Key Herbivorous Fish and
                 Stress-Tolerant Coral Species in the Great Barrier Reef:
                 Which Ecological Factors Govern their Distribution and
                 How to Draw Lessons for Coral Reef. (PhD , Primary
                 Advisor/AM/Adv)

        Completed

               o Population regulation and diversity-stability
                 relationships in ecological time-series (2015, PhD ,
                 Secondary Advisor)
               o Adaptive strategies in reef-building corals (2017, PhD ,
                 Secondary Advisor)
               o Inter- and intra- specific variation in bleaching
                 susceptibility among scleractinian corals (2014, PhD ,
                 Secondary Advisor)
               o The functional diversity and redundancy of corals (2019,
                 PhD , Primary Advisor/AM/Adv)

   Data
          These are the most recent metadata records associated with this
          researcher. To see a detailed description of all dataset
          records, visit the JCU Research Data Catalogue.

          + Hughes, T. (2018) Ecological memory modifies the cumulative
            impact of recurrent climate extremes. James Cook University
          + McWilliam, M. (2018) Biogeographical disparity in the
            functional diversity and redundancy of corals. James Cook
            University
          + McWilliam, M. (2018) Disturbance, recovery and the depletion
            of functional diversity on coral reefs. James Cook University
          + McWilliam, M. (2018) Neighbour diversity regulates the
            productivity of coral assemblages. James Cook University
          + Hughes, T. (2018) Global warming transforms coral reef
            assemblages. James Cook University
          + Connolly, S. (2017) Data from: A unified model explains
            commonness and rarity on coral reefs. James Cook University

   Collaboration
          The map shows research collaborations by institution from the
          past 7 years.
          Note: Map points are indicative of the countries or states that
          institutions are associated with.

          + 5+ collaborations
          + 4 collaborations
          + 3 collaborations
          + 2 collaborations
          + 1 collaboration
          + Indicates the Tropics (Torrid Zone)

Connect with me

   Share my profile
   Share my profile:
   jcu.me/terry.hughes

   Email

   Phone

          + +61747814000

   Location

          + 19.103, Kevin Stark Research Building (Townsville campus)

   Advisory Accreditation
          Advisor Mentor

   Find me on…
          Icon for Google Scholar profile Icon for external homepage Icon
          for Scopus Author page Icon for TheConversation author profile
          Icon for ORCID profile Icon for ResearcherID page Icon for
          ResearchGate profile

     * Contact
     * vCard
     * Join my research team

   Prof Terry Hughes Prof Terry Hughes Director, ARC Centre of Excellence
   for Coral Reef Studies ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies
   James Cook University [jcu-logo.png] [e53cbf46e90b212252d19522740167c6]
   Web +61747814000 work
   Professor Terry Hughes is Director of the Australian Research Council
   (ARC) Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies, which is
   headquartered at James Cook University, Australia. His research focuses
   on the linkages between the ecology of reefs and their importance for
   societies and economies. He has worked extensively in Australia, the
   Coral Triangle Region, and in the Caribbean. An important aspect of his
   research is understanding the dynamics and resilience of coral reefs,
   and translating this knowledge into innovative and practical solutions
   for improved reef management.
   researcher 2018-10-24T16:57:42 +10:00

My research areas

   Ecosystem Function Ecosystem Services Functional Redundancy Coral Reefs
   Great Barrier Reef Species Richness Biodiversity Environmental Science
   Pacific Islands Resilience Climate Change Disturbance Environmental
   Governance Coral Reef Ecology Sustainability

Similar to me

    1. Prof Bette Willis
       College of Science & Engineering
    2. Prof Tiffany Morrison
       ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies
    3. Dr Nick Graham
       ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies
    4. A/Prof Andrew Hoey
       ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies
    5. Prof Morgan Pratchett
       ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies

Contacts

   Call 1800-246-446
     * Find a person or department

Emergencies

   On campus call 0000, then 15555

About This Site

   Lovingly crafted by hand in Pyramid and Python at James Cook University
   by the eResearch Centre and Research Services.

   JCU eResearch Centre JCU Research Services

   Icons from Iconic pack.

   Innovative Research Universities Australia

     Copyright © 1995 to 2018, James Cook University. All rights reserved.
   ABN 46253211955

   Member of Innovative Research Universities |  Feedback |  Terms of
   use |  Privacy statement |  CRICOS Provider Code:00117J
