   #qriously » Feed qriously » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   qriously
     * products
          + Media Measurement
          + Brand Tracking
          + Consumer Insights
     * why qriously
     * how it works
     * blog
     * published data
     * contact
     * careers
     * privacy

Privacy Notice

We take your privacy seriously.

How we use your personal information

   Introduction
   This policy is for people whose personal information we use as part of
   Qriously’s business. We will update and amend it from time to time, so
   please check back to make sure you have read the most recent version.
   The policy was last updated on 25 May 2018.

   Qriously places adverts on your phone which invite you to take part in
   surveys. We only share anonymised survey results. Whenever we collect
   personal information we will explain why we are collecting it and how
   we intend to use it. Qriously also collects the personal information of
   people we work with and people who visit our website.

   Please read the following carefully to understand how we use your
   personal information and, importantly, your rights – including when and
   how you can opt-out of us collecting your personal information.

   Who we are
   We are Qriously Ltd (Qriously, we, us, our). Our ICO registration
   number is ZA13948



People who use our website

   What personal information do we collect?

   We do not routinely collect the personal information of anyone who
   visits our website except IP addresses.

   However, if you complete one of our webforms to contact us, join a
   mailing list or request resources we will collect your contact
   information.

   How do we use your personal information?

   We collect and temporarily log IP addresses just as part of the routine
   operation of our website. We do not use them for any other purpose.

   We will use your contact information to respond to your query, add you
   to our mailing list or send you the resources you have requested.

   Legal ground for our use of your personal information

   Where you provide your contact information to us via our website, our
   legal ground for processing this information is consent.

   Sharing your personal information

   The following organisations handle your personal information on our
   behalf as part of the website services they provide:
     * SiteGround Ltd.

   We have agreements in place so that these organisations only handle
   your personal information as we have instructed them to. They are not
   able to make any further use of your personal information (except where
   required by law).

   Transferring information outside the European Economic Area

   Some of our offices, processors and the partners we work with are based
   outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). When we send your personal
   information outside the EEA to a country or sector not recognised as
   providing appropriate protections, we put in place appropriate
   contracts, group agreements or other safeguards to ensure your rights
   are protected.

   How long we keep your personal information

   We keep IP addresses in a log for six months. We keep any other
   information you provide to us through the website for six years after
   the date of our last interaction with you.

   Your rights

   It is important that your read and understand the following rights:
     * The right to be informed personal information relating to you is
       being used or stored (which is what this privacy notice is for).
     * The right to access personal information relating to you which we
       use or hold.
     * The right to object to direct marketing.
     * The right to object to the use of personal information relating to
       you carried out on the ground of legitimate interests.
     * The right to withdraw consent to the use or storage of your
       personal information.
     * The right to erasure of information relating to you that we use or
       hold (only in some circumstances).
     * The right of data portability.
     * The right to have personal information relating to you rectified if
       it is inaccurate.
     * The right to have personal data relating to you restricted or
       blocked from being used or stored.

   You can exercise these rights by emailing us at privacy@qriously.com.

   Please be aware that these rights are not always absolute and there may
   be some situations in which you cannot exercise them or they are not
   relevant. To help you understand how they work, we have provided links
   to the Information Commissioner’s Office’s guidance on each of the
   rights.

   Data Protection Contacts

   You can contact us by email at privacy@qriously.com.

   You also have a right to make a complaint to the Information
   Commissioner – www.ico.org.uk



People who see adverts for or take part in our surveys

   What personal information do we collect?
   What we do collect… If you do not have behavioural advertising turned
   on, we will not collect any personal information about you except your
   IP address may be temporarily stored in our logs.

   Your phone creates a number called an Advertising Identifier. Your
   Advertising Identifier only relates to your phone. We can use it to see
   when you have interacted with the Apps in which we show adverts for our
   surveys. If you do have behavioural advertising turned on, your App
   publisher will provide us with your Advertising Identifier together
   with the following information:
     * Operating system, browser, IP and device type.
     * If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), your approximate
       location.
       If you are outside the EEA, on a small number of occasions we will
       receive your accurate location.
     * Application information.
     * Information about your interaction with the adverts for our surveys
       (clicks and views).

   If you answer one of our surveys and have behavioural advertising
   turned on, we will also collect your answers and link them to your
   Advertising Identifier, but only where you are outside the EEA or you
   have provided us with consent. Otherwise, if you complete a survey we
   will collect the answer but will not be able to connect them to you.

   What we don’t collect…
   It is important to explain what we don’t collect. We don’t collect any
   information which would identify you in the real world. For example, we
   don’t collect:
     * Your name and address.
     * Phone number.
     * Email address.

   We definitely don’t collect any confidential or ‘special category’
   personal information. If we ask questions relating to special category
   information we make sure we always anonymise the answers. In fact, we
   collect so little personal information, the only way we could identify
   you is through your Advertising Identifier.

   How do we use your personal information?
   As we mentioned above, the survey results we share with other
   organisations are totally anonymous. However, it is useful for the
   background workings of our surveys if we can collect the above
   information about you. We use your personal information to:
     * Make sure we do not keep showing you the same survey.
     * Show you surveys which are relevant to your general location,
       previous answers and choice of apps.
     * Avoid showing you surveys which are not relevant to you.

   How we collect your personal information
   We will collect your personal information directly from your phone when
   we place an advert for our surveys on your phone or when you complete
   our surveys.

   Legal ground for our collection of your personal information
   If you are in the EEA, the legal ground for collecting your IP address
   and, where you have behavioural advertising turned on, personal
   information from your App publisher is the legitimate interests of our
   business.

   If you are in the EEA, the legal ground for us collecting your survey
   answers is consent.

   Automated decision making
   We use automated decision making as part of the following:
     * Probability Targeting: We use the personal information we collect
       above to target people that look similar to people we need for a
       survey. For example, if we do not have enough male respondents to
       get to a 50/50 split (male/female) the advertisement for this
       survey is more likely to show up for users that have the same usage
       patterns as people we know are male.

     * Rate Limits: To make sure we do not keep showing the same
       invitations to the same user we store how many times a specific
       Advertising Identifier was exposed to the same invitation and how
       they interacted with it.

     * Retargeting: Some of our partners might conduct surveys based on
       exposure to one of their advertising campaigns. Qriously
       temporarily (for the duration of that campaign) stores previous
       exposure information in a pseudo-anonymized way. Additionally
       Qriously might retarget users that participated in one of our
       previous surveys to measure changes in opinions.

   Sharing your personal information
   We only share anonymised survey results with our clients. We do not
   share your answers in a way that you can be identified.

   The following organisations handle personal information on our behalf
   as part of the computing services they provide:
     * Amazon Web Services, Inc.
     * OVH LTD

   We have agreements in place so that these organisations only handle
   personal information as we have instructed them to. They are not able
   to make any other use of your personal information (except where
   required by law).

   Transferring personal information outside the European Economic Area
   Some of our offices and processors are based outside of the EEA. When
   we send your personal information outside of the EEA to a country or
   sector not recognised by the European Commission as providing
   appropriate protections, we put in place appropriate contracts, group
   agreements or other safeguards to ensure European Union citizens’
   rights are protected.

   Your rights and managing your personal information
   Every survey we send you contains information about how to view and
   manage your personal information.

   It is important that you are familiar with and easily able to exercise
   your rights. Because we can only be sure of your identity by confirming
   your Advertising Identifier, some of your rights can only be exercised
   from within our surveys on your phone.

   You have the following rights:
     * The right to be informed personal information relating to you is
       being used or stored (which is what this privacy notice is for).
     * The right to access personal information relating to you which we
       collect. You can access your personal information from within one
       of our surveys on your phone.
     * The right to withdraw consent to the collection of your personal
       information. You can withdraw consent for our collection of your
       personal information by:
       Selecting the relevant option from within one of our surveys.
       Following the ‘opt-out’ information below.
     * The right to erasure of information relating to you that we
       collect. You can delete your personal information from within one
       of our surveys on your phone.
     * The right of data portability. You can download your personal
       information by accessing one of our surveys on your phone.
     * The right to have personal information relating to you rectified if
       it is inaccurate. If you think any of your personal information is
       inaccurate please email privacy@qriously.com.
     * The right to have personal information relating to you restricted
       or blocked from being collected. To restrict or block your personal
       information from being collected, please see the opt-out
       information below.

   Please be aware that these rights are not always absolute and there may
   be some situations in which you cannot exercise them or they are not
   relevant. To help you understand how they work, we have provided links
   to the Information Commissioner’s Office’s guidance on each of the
   rights.

   How to opt-out
   You can opt-out of us collecting any of your personal information from
   within a survey on your phone. You can also change your phone’s
   settings so that you are automatically opted-out of us collecting any
   of your personal information.
     * On an Apple phone go to:
       Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking > On

     * On an Android phone go to:
       Google Settings > Ads > Opt-out of Interest-based Ads > On

   How long we keep your personal information
   Unless you ask us to delete your personal information, we will keep it
   for 12 months after we last interacted with your Advertising
   Identifier.


People we work with

   What personal information do we collect?
   As part of our business we work with a range of organisations –
   including clients and suppliers. We think it is important to respect
   the privacy of the people who work for and as part of these
   organisations. We collect and use the following types of personal
   information about the people we work with:
     * Contact information (for example, address, email address and phone
       numbers).
     * Basic information about you (for example, name, job, username,
       password (never in plain text)).
     * Details of any contact or correspondence we have had with you.
     * Financial details (for example, details about any payments you have
       made to us and where necessary your bank details).
     * Information about how you use our services.
     * Information about how you use our website and/or dashboard or API
       (for example, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other
       communication data).
     * Information about your computer, including where available your IP
       address, operating system and browser type.

   How we collect this information
   We will mainly collect this personal information from you when you (or
   your organisation):
     * Enter into an agreement with us.
     * Use our dashboard or API.

   But we may also collect your personal information when you (or your
   organisation):
     * Register or fill in forms on our site (www.qriously.com).
     * Subscribe to our mailing lists or download our resources.
     * Give us feedback, correspond with us or report a problem with our
       site.
     * Use our site.

   What we use your personal information for
   We use your information to provide you (or your organisation) with:
     * Our services and important information relating to our services.
     * A personalised experience and understand your needs better.
     * Emails about specific topics, news and updates you have requested
       to hear about.

   We also use your information to:
     * Ensure our work is well-targeted, relevant and effective.
     * Analyse and continually improve the services we offer and our
       website.
     * Keep our accounts, records and databases accurate and relevant.
     * Support and manage out staff.
     * Fulfil our legal obligations to regulators and official
       authorities.
     * Exercise our legal rights (including in relation to legal
       proceedings).

   Legal ground for our use of your personal information
   If you are an individual consumer, we will seek your consent for direct
   marketing. We may also seek your consent to use your personal
   information for other specific products, services or promotions. We
   will let you know when we do.

   Where we have a contract with you as an individual, we will also use
   your personal information where necessary for the purposes of the
   contract. Importantly, if you do not provide us with enough personal
   information, we may not be able to enter into or fulfil a contract with
   you.

   However, in most situations, our ground for the use of your personal
   information is for the purposes of the legitimate interests of our
   business. We will always consider your rights and your privacy before
   using your personal information for the purposes of our business. Where
   your rights or privacy override our business interests, we will not use
   your personal information.

   Separately from our business purposes, we will also use your personal
   information where we have a legal obligation to do so. For example, if
   a regulator or official authority asks us for your personal
   information. In very limited situations we may also use your personal
   information to exercise our legal rights (including in relation to
   legal proceedings).

   If we collect information for one purpose and then intend to use it for
   a different purpose, we will seek your consent to do so and/or inform
   you where necessary or appropriate.

   Sharing your personal information
   We share your personal information with the following organisations
   that handle or store information on our behalf:
     * Amazon Web Services, Inc.
     * OVH LTD.

   We have agreements in place with these organisations so that they only
   handle your personal information as we have instructed them to. They
   cannot make any other use of your personal information (except where
   required by law).

   We also share a small amount of personal information with partner
   organisations and clients.

   We may also share your personal information with regulators or official
   authorities where required or where necessary to exercise our legal
   rights.

   Transferring information outside the European Economic Area
   Some of our offices, processors and the partners we work with are based
   outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). When we send your personal
   information outside of the EEA to a country not recognised as providing
   appropriate protections, we put in place appropriate contracts, group
   agreements or other safeguards to ensure your rights are protected.

   How long we keep your personal information
   To ensure we are able to meet our legal obligations and exercise our
   legal rights, we will store your personal information for six years
   after we last used it.

   Your rights and managing your information
   If you or your organisation have an account with us, you can manage
   your personal information and exercise the below rights either via your
   account page with our dashboard or by emailing us privacy@qriously.com.

   If you do not have an account with us, please email
   privacy@qriously.com to exercise any of the below rights.

   It is important that you are familiar with and easily able to exercise
   the following rights:
     * The right to be informed personal information relating to you is
       being used or stored (which is what this privacy notice is for).
     * The right to access personal information relating to you which we
       use or hold.
     * The right to object to direct marketing.
     * The right to object to the use of personal information relating to
       you carried out on the ground of legitimate interests.
     * The right to withdraw consent to the use or storage of your
       personal information.
     * The right to erasure of information relating to you that we use or
       hold (only in some circumstances).
     * The right of data portability.
     * The right to have personal information relating to you rectified if
       it is inaccurate.
     * The right to have personal data relating to you restricted or
       blocked from being used or stored.

   Please be aware that these rights are not always absolute and there may
   be some situations in which you cannot exercise them or they are not
   relevant. To help you understand how they work, we have provided links
   to the Information Commissioner’s Office’s guidance on each of the
   rights.

   Cookies
   When you first visit one of our dashboards we will ask you to review
   and agree on how we use cookies. The table below gives the details of
   the cookies we use.

   Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by
   websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites
   work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to
   the owners of the site. The table below explains the cookies we use and
   why.


   Cookie Purpose
   QBACKEND This cookie holds your session information. We set this after
   you successfully authenticated and will keep you logged in for 30 days.
   This prevents you sending your username and password every time you
   change a page on one of our dashboards.
   _qa
   _qid
   _gat_gtag_UA_17017254_13 These cookies are used to collect information
   about how visitors use our dashboards. (Google Analytics) We use the
   information to compile reports and to help us improve the service.
   Cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number
   of visitors to dashboards, where visitors have come from and the pages
   they visited as well as which features they used.
   Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data
   (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245)

   Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the
   browser settings. To find out more about cookies visit
   www.aboutcookies.org.
   To find out more about Google Analytics and opt-out of being tracked
   across multiple websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

   © 2018 Qriously Technologies
   #qriously » Feed qriously » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   qriously
     * products
          + Media Measurement
          + Brand Tracking
          + Consumer Insights
     * why qriously
     * how it works
     * blog
     * published data
     * contact
     * careers
     * privacy

     * Simply the
     * fastest,
     * most accurate
     * research in
     * the world.

   Some huge news - we've been acquired! Read the blog post about Qriously
   joining the Brandwatch family.
   [qriouslyXbrandwatch-logo-2019.jpg]
   ... some of our clients
   [qclients-1.png]

   © 2018 Qriously Technologies
   #qriously » Feed qriously » Comments Feed Conservatives preserve their
   strong lead over Labour, with one glaring vulnerability POLL: GAP
   CLOSING BETWEEN CONSERVATIVE AND LABOUR PARTIES alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   qriously
     * products
          + Media Measurement
          + Brand Tracking
          + Consumer Insights
     * why qriously
     * how it works
     * blog
     * published data
     * contact
     * careers
     * privacy

   [508028459d28b4172ca505d100cb5f7a?s=150&#038;d=mm&#038;r=g]

   Gabrielle Flinn

Another Successful Prediction for Qriously’s Polling Team in South Korea

   10th May 2017Research

   In line with our recent work on the Dutch, French, and British
   elections, we also ran a quick poll in South Korea – our first attempt
   to assess political sentiment in the APAC region. Respecting South
   Korea’s poll black-out, we Tweeted a hash of our prediction just prior
   to the election. You can verify our hash with this image.

   s.korea

   Although we slightly overestimated the performance of Sim Sang-jung and
   underestimated Hong Jun-pyo’s performance, our prediction was overall
   accurate and we successfully called the winner of the election – Moon
   Jae-in. Given our low sample size of only 920 respondents and our
   inexperience in South Korean polling, we consider this to be another
   strong success for our polling team.

   This is a great showcase of our polling capabilities outside our usual
   targets of Europe and the USA. In line with this, we’ll be continuing
   to predict the results of elections in more far-flung regions, notably
   New Zealand and Singapore in September this year.

   As a quick aside, we also assessed sentiment towards Donald Trump,
   given his recent rhetoric about ‘solving the [North Korean] problem’.
   Perhaps not surprisingly, opinion is heavily negative, with 66% of
   South Koreans indicating that they disapprove of Trump.

   S.korea_2

The Latest

   March 5, 2018

   Italian General Election
   Read More

   November 6, 2017

   POLL: Virginia gubernatorial election, 2017
   Read More

   September 22, 2017

   POLL: Merkel To Remain as PM, But Surge in Far-Right AfD To Send
   Shockwaves Around Germany
   Read More

   June 9, 2017

   Our Raw Data From The UK Election Poll
   Read More

   June 7, 2017

   POLL: UK GENERAL
   Read More

   May 31, 2017

   POLL: GAP CLOSING BETWEEN CONSERVATIVE AND LABOUR PARTIES
   Read More

   © 2018 Qriously Technologies
   #qriously » Feed qriously » Comments Feed qriously » Posts by admin
   Feed

   Skip to content

   qriously
     * products
          + Media Measurement
          + Brand Tracking
          + Consumer Insights
     * why qriously
     * how it works
     * blog
     * published data
     * contact
     * careers
     * privacy

Nothing Found

   It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. Perhaps searching can
   help.
   Search for: ____________________ Search

   © 2018 Qriously Technologies
