    #next Tastes Better From Scratch » Feed Tastes Better From Scratch »
   Comments Feed

Tastes Better From Scratch

   Everything tastes better homemade!

     * About
     * Meal Plans
     * Recipes

   ____________________ Search

Pork Chops with Creamy Mustard Sauce

   These Pan-seared Pork Chops are boneless pork chops cooked on the stove
   top and covered in a simple homemade creamy mustard sauce. An easy
   15-minute meal!

   There’s nothing better than dinner that takes less than 30 minutes to
   throw together!  We love to serve pork chops with Roasted Vegetables,
   Perfect Mashed Potatoes, and Garlic Knots.
   A white plate with mashed potatoes, a pork chop and creamy mustard
   sauce on top and peas on the side. A white plate with mashed potatoes,
   a pork chop and creamy mustard sauce on top and peas on the side.

Pork Chops

   I feel like I tend to share so many chicken recipes so I wanted to mix
   it up and share an easy dinner idea with another favorite meat: pork!
   Life has gotten crazier with school starting, sports, and approaching
   holidays. So it’s my goal to share as many easy and fast dinner ideas
   with you all as I can to make your weeknights a little less crazy.
   Pork chops are so easy to cook and your family will LOVE the simple
   creamy mustard sauce that smothered the boneless pork chops.
   The mustard sauce is mild–my two year old loves it! This is a really
   simple and yummy dinner your family is going to love!
   Overhead photo of four seared pork chops in a skillet with a creamy
   sauce, a sliced lemon and towel in the background. Overhead photo of
   four seared pork chops in a skillet with a creamy sauce, a sliced lemon
   and towel in the background.

Tips for Choosing pork chops:

     * Thickness. Look for thick pork chops that are 1 to 1 1/2 inches
       thick.  Thicker pork chops are easier to pan sear and are not as
       easy to over cook.
     * Boneless vs. bone-in:  Although I’ve called for boneless pork
       chops, you can certainly use bone-in pork chops for this recipe.
       My general personal preference is boneless meat and I like that
       boneless meat is leaner and cheaper.  However, bone-in pork chops
       are generally juicy and more flavorful.  If using boneless pork
       chops, just take extra care not to overcook them and they will be
       juicy and perfect.
     * Check for freshness- Fresh pork chops are pink in the center
       (slightly less pink/red than raw beef).  Pork chops that are NOT
       fresh will be more white or grey in the center.  You can also smell
       the pork chops to check for freshness (fresh pork has a light,
       fresh smell and spoiled pork will have a very pungent strong
       smell).  Finally, poke the pork chops with your finger.  It should
       feel slightly firm, not so soft and spongey.

Easy Pork Chop Mustard Sauce:

     * After cooking pork, add chicken broth to the skillet and scrape up
       any remaining browned bits from the pork.
     * Add cream, dijon mustard, and lemon juice.
     * Stir well, reduce heat to medium and simmer, uncovered for 5-6
       minutes or until sauce has slightly thickened.
     * Spoon sauce over pork. Garnish with parsley, if desired.

   A skillet with creamy being poured in, and another photo with a squirt
   of mustard added. A skillet with creamy being poured in, and another
   photo with a squirt of mustard added.

4 Steps to perfect Pan Seared Pork Chops:

    1. Season the pork.  the boneless pork chops with salt and pepper on
       both sides.
    2. Preheat the skillet over medium-high heat and spray with nonstick
       cooking spray.
    3. Pan Sear the pork chops. Add pork chops and cook for 2-4 minutes on
       each side, until browned and just barely cooked through (don’t
       overcook or they will be tough).
    4. Serve with creamy mustard sauce. Transfer pork to a plate and cover
       with aluminum foil while you make the sauce.

   The pork chops should have an internal temperature of 145°F when fully
   cooked.

   Pork chops in a stainless steel skillet with sauce and parsley on them.
   Pork chops in a stainless steel skillet with sauce and parsley on them.

Storing and freezing pork chops:

   To Store:  Store cooked pork chops in a sealed container in the
   refrigerator for 2-3 days.

   To Freeze: Allow pork chops to cool completely.  Dice or shred the pork
   and place it in a freezer safe bag or container.  Freeze them for up to
   3 months.

Serve Pork Chops with:

     * Roasted Vegetables
     * Perfect Mashed Potatoes
     * Garlic Knots

   You can also FOLLOW
   ME on FACEBOOK, TWITTER, INSTAGRAM and PINTEREST for more great
   recipes!
   A white plate with mashed potatoes, a pork chop and creamy mustard
   sauce on top and peas on the side. A white plate with mashed potatoes,
   a pork chop and creamy mustard sauce on top and peas on the side.
   Print Recipe
   5 from 3 votes

Pork Chops with Creamy Mustard Sauce

   These Pan-seared Pork Chops are boneless pork chops cooked on the stove
   top and covered in a simple homemade creamy mustard sauce. An easy
   15-minute meal!
   Prep Time5 mins
   Cook Time15 mins
   Total Time20 mins
   Course: Main Course
   Cuisine: American
   Servings: 4 servings
   Calories: 268kcal
   Author: Lauren Allen

Ingredients

     * 4 boneless pork chops , 1/2 inch thick
     * salt and freshly ground black pepper
     * 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth
     * 2/3 cup half and half (or heavy cream)
     * 1 Tablespoon dijon mustard
     * 2 teaspoons lemon juice

   US Customary - Metric

Instructions

     * Season pork chops with salt and pepper on both sides.
     * Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and spray with nonstick
       cooking spray. Add pork chops and cook for 2-4 minutes on each
       side, until browned and just barely cooked through (don't overcook
       or they will be tough).
     * Transfer pork to a plate and cover with aluminum foil.
     * Add chicken broth to the skillet and scrape up any remaining
       browned bits from the pork.
     * Add cream or half & half, dijon mustard, and lemon juice.
     * Stir well, reduce heat to medium and simmer, uncovered for 5-6
       minutes or until sauce has slightly thickened.
     * Spoon sauce over pork. Garnish with parsley, if desired.

Notes

   To store:  Store cooked pork chops in a sealed container in the
   refrigerator for 2-3 days.
   To Freeze: Allow pork chops to cool completely.  Dice or shred the pork
   and place it in a freezer safe bag or container.  Freeze them for up to
   3 months.

Nutrition

   Calories: 268kcal | Carbohydrates: 2g | Protein: 31g | Fat: 14g |
   Saturated Fat: 6g | Cholesterol: 105mg | Sodium: 132mg | Potassium:
   578mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 143IU | Vitamin C: 1mg |
   Calcium: 52mg | Iron: 1mg

Have you tried this recipe?!

   RATE and COMMENT below! I would love to hear your experience.


   Recipes adapted from Cooking Light Cookbook.

   View the Recipe

Most Recent Recipes

   Chocolate trifle made with chocolate cake, whipped cream, chocolate
   pudding and heath candy, with a dish towel and crushed heath on the
   side. Chocolate trifle made with chocolate cake, whipped cream,
   chocolate pudding and heath candy, with a dish towel and crushed heath
   on the side.

Triple Chocolate Trifle

   Triple Chocolate Trifle is made with chocolate cake, whipped cream,
   chocolate pudding, and heath bar bits.  This is a chocolate lovers
   dream! There are several dessert recipes on TBFS that are truly
   originals from my childhood.  This triple chocolate trifle is one such
   recipe along with Pumpkin View the Recipe

   A pumpkin waffle with a syrup and a slice of butter on top, on a white
   plate with a fork, fall leaves and another plate of waffles to the
   side. A pumpkin waffle with a syrup and a slice of butter on top, on a
   white plate with a fork, fall leaves and another plate of waffles to
   the side.

Pumpkin Waffles

   Homemade Pumpkin Waffles are made with basic pantry ingredients, fall
   spices, and canned pumpkin.  The made from scratch cinnamon cream syrup
   makes these the best pumpkin waffles around!  I LOVE breakfast
   recipes!  Some of my favorites include: Brioche French Toast, Easy
   Breakfast Skillet, and View the Recipe

   A white bowl with rice, black beans, sweet pork, salsa, guacamole and
   sour cream. A white bowl with rice, black beans, sweet pork, salsa,
   guacamole and sour cream.

Sweet Pork Burrito Bowls

   Sweet Pork Burrito Bowls made with slow cooker shredded pork, Mexican
   rice, beans, lettuce, pico, and salsa.  This is one of my favorite
   dinner ideas for taking to new moms or serving to guests. My time spent
   teaching in Mexico instilled a deep love of all things Mexican.  The
   Mexican recipes on View the Recipe

   A slice of apple pie on a plate with a scoop of ice cream and a fork. A
   slice of apple pie on a plate with a scoop of ice cream and a fork.

Apple Pie

   An easy Apple Pie recipe with step-by-step photos and tips for making
   homemade apple pie filling and apple pie crust (either traditional or
   lattice). There are tons of Pie Recipes that I love, but I've found I
   most often stick with my 3 favorites; Apple Pie, Lemon Sour Cream, and
   Triple Berry Pie.  View the Recipe

Weekly Meal Plan (51)

   Using a weekly meal plan is the best way to cook healthier for your
   family, save money, and time! Browse all of my free meal plans which
   include a grocery shopping list and tons of meal planning ideas
   including healthy and kid-friendly meals.The hardest part meal
   planning is finding the ideas, View the Recipe

   Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies | tastesbetterfromscratch.com Pumpkin
   Chocolate Chip Cookies | tastesbetterfromscratch.com

Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies

   This family recipe has been tried and tested hundreds of times, and
   makes the BEST Pumpkin Cookies. They are easily my favorite Fall cookie
   and better than you'd find at a bakery! When it comes to pumpkin
   season, these pumpkin cookies cookies are on my list of MUST-MAKE
   recipes.  My list also View the Recipe

Main Dish

   A white plate with mashed potatoes, a pork chop and creamy mustard
   sauce on top and peas on the side. A white plate with mashed potatoes,
   a pork chop and creamy mustard sauce on top and peas on the side.

Pork Chops with Creamy Mustard Sauce

   Overhead view of two bowls full of chicken tortilla soup garnished with
   sour cream, cheese and cilantro and a pot of the soup off to the side.
   Overhead view of two bowls full of chicken tortilla soup garnished with
   sour cream, cheese and cilantro and a pot of the soup off to the side.

Chicken Tortilla Soup

   Creamy tomato basil soup in a white soup bowl topped with croutons and
   a spoon inside the bowl. Creamy tomato basil soup in a white soup bowl
   topped with croutons and a spoon inside the bowl.

Creamy Tomato Basil Soup

   A white plate with white rice and Thai basil beef on it, chopsticks on
   the side and another plate of food behind it. A white plate with white
   rice and Thai basil beef on it, chopsticks on the side and another
   plate of food behind it.

Thai Basil Beef (Pad Gra Prow)

   A wooden bowl filled with coconut rice with toasted coconut sprinkled
   on top. A wooden bowl filled with coconut rice with toasted coconut
   sprinkled on top.

Easy Coconut Rice

   Broccoli cheese soup in a white bowl with shredded cheese on top and a
   spoon in it. Broccoli cheese soup in a white bowl with shredded cheese
   on top and a spoon in it.

Broccoli Cheese Soup

   More Main Dishes

Instant Pot

   Overhead view of two bowls full of chicken tortilla soup garnished with
   sour cream, cheese and cilantro and a pot of the soup off to the side.
   Overhead view of two bowls full of chicken tortilla soup garnished with
   sour cream, cheese and cilantro and a pot of the soup off to the side.

Chicken Tortilla Soup

   This delicious and healthy Chicken Tortilla Soup recipe is made with
   shredded chicken, black beans, corn, and diced tomatoes. It’s easy to
   throw together and uses basic pantry ingredients. This is one of my
   go-to recipes when I want something easy to make that’s healthy but
   also comfort food. Other favorite healthy comfort foods of […]

   Individual size casserole dish with apple crisp in it topped with
   vanilla ice cream and a spoon. Individual size casserole dish with
   apple crisp in it topped with vanilla ice cream and a spoon.

Instant Pot Apple Crisp

    Instant Pot Apple Crisp is a very easy Instant Pot dessert recipe made
   with Granny Smith apples and simple pantry ingredients.  This is the
   first IP dessert recipe on my site!  But I have tons of easy Instant
   Pot recipes including Instant Pot Beef Stroganoff, Instant Pot Chicken
   and Rice, and Instant Pot Ranch Chicken […]

   A white bowl with cooked farfalle pasta with sausages and diced red
   bell pepper with a fork in the bowl. A white bowl with cooked farfalle
   pasta with sausages and diced red bell pepper with a fork in the bowl.

Instant Pot Cajun Pasta

   Instant Pot Cajun Pasta is made with andouille or kielbasa sausage,
   vegetables, and pasta.  It’s another all-in-one instant pot pasta
   recipe that my family loves!   Interested in more all-in-one Instant
   Pot Recipes? Some of my family’s favorites include Instant Pot Chicken
   and Rice, Instant Pot Pasta with Meatballs, and Instant Pot Stroganoff.
   Instant Pot Cajun Pasta […]

   More Instant Pot Recipes

Desserts

   Four homemade caramel apples with a stick in them, on parchment paper
   on a white board. Four homemade caramel apples with a stick in them, on
   parchment paper on a white board.

How to make Perfect Caramel Apples

   A cream bowl with gold rim full of apple cobbler and a scoop of ice
   cream. A cream bowl with gold rim full of apple cobbler and a scoop of
   ice cream.

Apple Cobbler

   Pumpkin cupcakes with cream cheese frosting and a candy pumpkin on top.
   Pumpkin cupcakes with cream cheese frosting and a candy pumpkin on top.

Pumpkin Cupcakes with Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting

   A rum cake bundt cake on a white plate with one slice being removed. A
   rum cake bundt cake on a white plate with one slice being removed.

Homemade Rum Cake

   A slice of oatmeal cake on a white plate, with a fork, and I bite taken
   out of it. A slice of oatmeal cake on a white plate, with a fork, and I
   bite taken out of it.

Grandma’s Oatmeal Cake

   Vanilla cake with sprinkles cooked inside a white mug, with a spoon in
   it and sprinkles on the board around it. Vanilla cake with sprinkles
   cooked inside a white mug, with a spoon in it and sprinkles on the
   board around it.

Vanilla Mug Cake

   More Desserts

Sides

   Garlic knots in a napkin-lined basket with a bowl of marinara sauce in
   the background. Garlic knots in a napkin-lined basket with a bowl of
   marinara sauce in the background.

Garlic Knots

   Homemade Garlic Knots made with a butter garlic topping are a fun
   bite-size appetizer or side to with pizza, pasta or salad. My family
   begs me to make these! This garlic knots recipe is made using my fluffy
   and soft homemade rolls recipe, and is right up there in terms of my
   favorite breads to […]

   A clear glass cup with a handle filled with homemade applesauce with
   apples, cinnamon sticks and another cup of applesauce in the
   background. A clear glass cup with a handle filled with homemade
   applesauce with apples, cinnamon sticks and another cup of applesauce
   in the background.

Homemade Applesauce (and how to can it)

    A simple tutorial on How to Make Applesauce including step-by-step
   photos and tips for canning applesauce and how to making applesauce for
   baby! Before you mash all your fresh apples, make sure you save a few
   to make Fresh Apple Cake and Apple Crisp! Oh, and if you have an
   Instant pot, don’t miss my […]

   Loaded baked potato skins with cheese, topped with a scoop of sour
   cream and chives. Loaded baked potato skins with cheese, topped with a
   scoop of sour cream and chives.

Loaded Potato Skins

   Loaded Potato Skins are an easy appetizer made with the crispy skins of
   a baked potato and filled with bacon, cheese, sour cream, and chives!
   This recipe is often an appetizer but it can be adapted to serve as a
   main dish.  If you love fun appetizers, check out my Easy 7-Layer Bean
   Dip or […]

   More Side Dishes

   [svg%3E] [headshot-new.jpg]
   Welcome! I’m Lauren, a mom of four and lover of good food. Here you’ll
   find easy recipes and weeknight meal ideas made with real ingredients,
   with step-by-step photos and videos. Read More

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Free 5-Week

Fall Meal Plan!

   MAKE-AHEAD, family friendly recipes with grocery shopping lists!

Recipe Key

     * Appetizers
     * Desserts
     * Main Dish
     * Instant Pot
     * Pasta
     * Salads
     * Side Dishes
     * Snacks

Popular Recipes

     * Homemade Spaghetti Sauce Homemade Spaghetti Sauce Homemade
       Spaghetti Sauce
     * Peach Cobbler Peach Cobbler Peach Cobbler
     * Pad Thai Pad Thai Pad Thai
     * Apple Crisp Apple Crisp Apple Crisp

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Copyright © 2010-2019 | Contact Me | Privacy Policy

Tastes Better From Scratch

   We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our
   website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are
   happy with it.OkPrivacy policy
