   #La cohorte DESIR RSS Feed La cohorte DESIR

La cohorte DESIR

Toutes les informations sur les évolutions, methodes et résultats de la
Cohorte DESIR

     * Home
     * Qu’est-ce que c’est?
     * L’organisation de la Cohorte
     * 25 centres investigateurs
     * Protocole et CRF
     * DESIR in english
       Search______________ Search

L’organisation Cohorte

     * L’organisation de la Cohorte
          + Les membres fondateurs
          + Le Comité de Coordination
          + Le Comité Scientifique
          + Le centre de coordination clinique : l’URC Paris-Centre
          + Le centre de gestion des données : le D.I.M. de Nîmes
          + Centre de Ressources Biologiques : le CRB de Bichat
          + Les centres investigateurs

Les catégories

     * Etat d'avancement et Agenda
     * Les 25 centres Investigateurs
     * Newsletter
          + Newsletter Patients
          + Newsletter Radiologues
          + Newsletter Rhumatologues
     * Objectifs
     * Travaux scientifiques
          + Introduction
          + Nombre de projets scientifiques acceptés
          + Présentation de travaux lors des congrès
          + Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux

Liens

     * Assistance Publique – Hôpitaux de Paris
     * Campagne Nationale de médiatisation autour de la Spondylarthrite
     * Inserm
     * Porte document électronique
     * SFR – Société Française de Rhumatologie

Articles récents

     * Newsletter Patient N°19
     * Spinal-pelvic orientation: potential effect on the diagnosis of
       spondyloarthritis.
     * Associations of lumbar scoliosis with presentation of suspected
       early axial spondyloarthritis.
     * Evaluation of concomitant peripheral arthritis in patients with
       recent onset axial spondyloarthritis: 5-year results from the DESIR
       cohort.
     * Impact of gut involvement in patients with high probability of
       early spondyloarthritis. Data from DESIR cohort.

Newsletter Patient N°19

   Calendar août 20, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Bonjour,
   Nous mettons en ligne aujourd’hui la nouvelle Newsletter patients
   rédigée par le Pr Pascal RICHETTE, rhumatologue à l’hôpital
   LARIBOISIERE.
   Pour y avoir accès, merci de cliquer ici.

   Category Categories: Newsletter Patients | Tag Tags: | Comments No
   Comments »

Spinal-pelvic orientation: potential effect on the diagnosis of
spondyloarthritis.

   Calendar juin 24, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Spinal-pelvic orientation:
   potential effect on the diagnosis of spondyloarthritis.» a été publié
   dans le journal Rheumatology (Oxford).

   Carvajal Alegria G, Deloire L, Herbette M, Garrigues F, Gossec L, Simon
   A, Feydy A, Reijnierse M, van der Heijde D, Loeuille D, Claudepierre P,
   Marhadour T, Saraux A.

   OBJECTIVE:

   To assess associations of spinal-pelvic orientation with clinical and
   imaging-study findings suggesting axial SpA (axSpA) in patients with
   recent-onset inflammatory back pain.

   METHODS:

   Spinal-pelvic orientation was assessed in DESIR cohort patients with
   recent-onset inflammatory back pain and suspected axSpA, by using
   lateral lumbar-spine radiographs to categorize sacral horizontal angle
   (<40° vs ⩾40°), lumbosacral angle (<15° vs ⩾15°) and lumbar lordosis
   (LL, <50° vs ⩾50°). Associations between these angle groups and
   variables collected at baseline and 2 years later were assessed using
   the χ2 test (or Fisher’s exact) and the Mann-Whitney test. With
   Bonferroni’s correction, P < 0.001 indicated significant differences.

   RESULTS:

   Of 362 patients, 358, 356 and 357 had available sacral horizontal
   angle, lumbosacral angle and LL values, respectively; means were 39.3°,
   14.6° and 53.0°, respectively. The prevalence of sacroiliitis on both
   radiographs and MRI was higher in the LL < 50° group than in the LL
   ⩾50° group, but the difference was not statistically significant.
   Clinical presentation and confidence in a diagnosis of axSpA did not
   differ across angle groups. No significant differences were identified
   for degenerative changes according to sacral horizontal angle,
   lumbosacral angle or LL.

   CONCLUSION:

   Spinal-pelvic balance was not statistically associated with the
   clinical or imaging-study findings suggesting axSpA in patients with
   recent-onset inflammatory back pain.

   © The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of
   the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. For
   permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.

   KEYWORDS:

   ankylosing spondylitis; axial spondyloarthritis; lumbar lordosis;
   sacral slope; sacroiliitis

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

Associations of lumbar scoliosis with presentation of suspected early axial
spondyloarthritis.

   Calendar juin 13, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Associations of lumbar
   scoliosis with presentation of suspected early axial
   spondyloarthritis.» a été publié dans le journal Semin Arthritis Rheum.

   Voirin-Hertz M, Carvajal Alegria G, Garrigues F, Simon A, Feydy A,
   Reijnierse M, van der Heijde D, Loeuille D, Claudepierre P, Marhadour
   T, Saraux A.

   OBJECTIVE:

   Scoliosis may impact the mechanical loading and cause secondary changes
   of the sacroiliac joints and lumbar spine. Our goal was to look how
   lumbar scoliosis modify the clinical and imaging-study in patients with
   recent-onset inflammatory back pain (IBP) suggesting axial
   spondyloarthritis (axSpA).

   METHODS:

   Baseline weight-bearing lumbar-spine radiographs obtained in the DESIR
   cohort of patients aged 18-50 years and having IBP for at least 3
   months but less than 3 years suggesting axSpA were studied. After
   training on scoliosis detection based on Cobb’s angle>10° plus Nash-Moe
   grade≥1, readers blinded to patient data measured spine lumbar
   scoliosis, sacral horizontal angle, lumbosacral angle and lumbar
   lordosis on the radiograph of the lumbar and scored sacroiliitis on the
   radiograph of the pelvis. Baseline MRIs T1 and STIR of the lumbar spine
   and sacroiliac joints were evaluated for respectively degenerative
   changes and signs of axSpA.

   RESULTS:

   Of the 360 patients (50.8% females) 88.7% had lumbar pain and 69.3% met
   ASAS criteria for axSpA. Mean Cobb’s angle was 3.2°±5.0° and 28 (7.7%)
   patients had lumbar scoliosis. No statistical differences were observed
   for radiographic sacroiliitis, MRI sacroiliitis, modified Stoke
   Ankylosing Spondylitis Spinal Score, Pfirmmann score, high-intensity
   zone, protrusion, extrusion, MODIC score between patients with and
   without scoliosis. In both groups, degenerative changes by MRI were
   rare and predominated at L4-L5 and L5-S1.

   CONCLUSION:

   In patients with early IBP suggesting axSpA, lumbar scoliosis was not
   associated with inflammatory or degenerative changes.

   Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

   KEYWORDS:

   Ankylosing spondylitis; Axial spondyloarthritis; Degenerative disease;
   Lumbar lordosis; Lumbar scoliosis; Sacral slope

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

Evaluation of concomitant peripheral arthritis in patients with recent onset
axial spondyloarthritis: 5-year results from the DESIR cohort.

   Calendar juin 6, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Evaluation of concomitant
   peripheral arthritis in patients with recent onset axial
   spondyloarthritis: 5-year results from the DESIR cohort.» a été publié
   dans le journal Arthritis Res Ther.

   López-Medina C, Dougados M, Ruyssen-Witrand A, Moltó A.

   BACKGROUND:

   (a) To describe the prevalence and incidence of peripheral arthritis
   during 5 years of follow-up in recent axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA),
   (b) to evaluate factors associated with their appearance and (c) to
   assess their impact on treatment, patient-reported outcomes and sick
   leave after follow-up.

   METHODS:

   Data from the early axSpA patients from the DESIR cohort (first 5 years
   of follow-up) were analysed. Prevalence and incidence of peripheral
   arthritis at each study visit were calculated. A multivariate analysis
   was performed to evaluate baseline factors associated with the
   development of the arthritis. The use of drugs, the impact on
   patient-reported outcomes and days of sick leave were compared in both
   groups over time.

   RESULTS:

   Out of the 708 patients included in DESIR, 255 (36.0%) showed at least
   one episode of arthritis (151 before the inclusion visit and 104 during
   the follow-up), with an incidence of 3.7 cases per 100 person-years.
   Patients with peripheral arthritis were more likely (OR, 95%CI) to be
   aged ≥ 33 years (1.60, 1.12-2.27), non-smokers (1.58, 1.10-2.27) and
   HLAB27 negative (1.47, 1.04-2.08) and have presented with at least one
   episode of dactylitis (8.50, 4.96-14.60) and enthesitis (2.00,
   1.41-2.84). Patients with peripheral arthritis showed a significant
   greater use of TNFb, csDMARDs and corticosteroids over follow-up;
   higher levels on BASDAI (40.46 vs. 34.28) and BASFI (27.89 vs. 22.52);
   poorer quality of life; and higher number of days of sick leave (17.97
   vs. 12.78) over time.

   CONCLUSION:

   In recent axSpA, 36% of patients reported peripheral arthritis at any
   time of the disease, being associated with negative HLAB27, non-smokers
   and with other peripheral manifestations. Patients with arthritis
   showed a higher burden of disease.

   KEYWORDS:

   Axial spondyloarthritis; Clinical presentation; Peripheral arthritis

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

Impact of gut involvement in patients with high probability of early
spondyloarthritis. Data from DESIR cohort.

   Calendar juin 1, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Impact of gut involvement in
   patients with high probability of early spondyloarthritis. Data from
   DESIR cohort.» a été publié dans le journal J Rheumatol.

   Wendling D, Guillot X, Prati C, Miceli-Richard C, Molto A, Lories R,
   Dougados M.

   OBJECTIVE:

   Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is a well-known extra articular
   feature of spondyloarthritis (SpA).The aims of this study were to
   evaluate in DESIR cohort factors associated with IBD and incidence over
   5 years follow-up.

   METHODS:

   DESIR is a prospective observational cohort of patients with recent
   onset inflammatory back pain suggestive of axial SpA. All available
   variables in the database were compared between patients with and
   without IBD at baseline and 5 years, and occurrence over 5 years of
   follow-up, with uni and then multivariable analysis.

   RESULTS:

   At baseline, 708 patients, 35 had IBD : prevalence 4.94% [CI 95% : 3.3
   - 6.5]. IBD was associated (multivariable) with history of uveitis,
   levels of DKK-1 and TNF, but not with phenotypic presentation
   (peripheral arthritis, enthesitis, dactylitis, uveitis) or baseline
   serum levels of other cytokines. At 5 years, 480 patients were
   analyzed, 58 with IBD. IBD was associated (multivariable) with
   fulfillment of modified New York criteria, sick leave, BASDAI, and
   smoking. No association with MRI scores, enthesitis, psoriasis, BMD. 23
   incident cases of IBD were recorded: estimated occurrence rate of
   0.95/100 [0.57 - 1.35] patient-years. Incidence of IBD is associated
   (multivariable) with : HLA B27 : OR 0.36 [0.22 - 0.59], fulfillment of
   modified New York criteria: OR 3.35 [1.85 - 6.08], familial history of
   IBD : OR 3.31[1.62 - 6.77] .

   CONCLUSION:

   In early SpA, IBD occurs with an incidence of 1/100 patient-years, and
   is associated with poor outcome, familial history of IBD, absence of
   HLA-B27, fulfillment of modified New York criteria.

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

Evaluation of the performances of ‘typical’ imaging abnormalities of axial
spondyloarthritis: results of the cross-sectional ILOS-DESIR study.

   Calendar mai 28, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Evaluation of the performances
   of ‘typical’ imaging abnormalities of axial spondyloarthritis: results
   of the cross-sectional ILOS-DESIR study.» a été publié dans le journal
   RMD Open.

   Molto A, Gossec L, Lefèvre-Colau MM, Foltz V, Beaufort R, Laredo JD,
   Richette P, Dieude P, Goupille P, Feydy A, Dougados M.

   Objective:

   To evaluate the prevalence and performance as axial Spondyloarthritis
   (axSpA) diagnostic feature of radiographic and MRI lesions ‘typical’ of
   axSpA of the sacroiliac joint (SIJ) and spine in a mechanical chronic
   back pain (CBP) population and in an axSpA cohort.

   Methods:

   Cross-sectional multicentre study. Patients: (1) recent onset axSpA
   (DESIR cohort) and (2) mechanical non-axSpA CBP matched for age and
   gender (ILOS study). Imaging: radiographs and MR scans were performed
   identically in both groups. All images were centrally read, blinded for
   diagnosis and for other imaging findings in the same patient.
   Statistical analysis: prevalence of lesions ‘typical of axSpA’ were
   compared in both groups. Sensitivity, specificity and positive
   likelihood ratios (LR+) of each lesion (and combination of lesions)
   were calculated.

   Results:

   A total of 98 patients with CBP were included, and compared with 100
   patients with recent onset axSpA. SIJ lesions were consistently more
   frequent in the axSpA group (35.0% vs 11.8% p<0.001, 35.0% vs
   8.4% p<0.001% and 32.0% vs 10.0%. p<0.001 for modified New York
   criteria, MRI sacroiliitis and ≥3 erosions of the SIJ on MRI,
   respectively), and performed well (LR+ for ≥3 erosions 3.0 (95% CI 1.6
   to 5.8)). Spine lesions were comparable across groups: radiographic
   lesions were rare, while all MRI lesions were frequent.

   Conclusion:

   Our study confirms that ‘typical’ lesions can also be observed in
   patients with non-axSpA CBP but that SIJ lesions by all modalities
   remain the most valuable for diagnosis, including structural lesions of
   the SIJ. This suggests the potential interest of adding MRI SIJ
   structural lesions in the definition of MRI abnormalities for axSpA
   classification.

   KEYWORDS:

   epidemiology; magnetic resonance imaging; spondyloarthritis

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

Is a positive family history of spondyloarthritis relevant for diagnosing
axial spondyloarthritis once HLA-B27 status is known?

   Calendar avril 1, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Is a positive family history
   of spondyloarthritis relevant for diagnosing axial spondyloarthritis
   once HLA-B27 status is known?» a été publié dans le journal
   Rheumatology (Oxford).

   van Lunteren M, van der Heijde D, Sepriano A, Berg IJ, Dougados M,
   Gossec L, Jacobsson L, Ramonda R, Rudwaleit M, Sieper J, Landewé R, van
   Gaalen FA.

   OBJECTIVES:

   A positive family history (PFH) of spondyloarthritis, in particular a
   PFH of AS or acute anterior uveitis, is associated with HLA-B27
   carriership in chronic back pain patients. As it is unknown, the study
   aimed to investigate if a PFH contributes to diagnosing axial
   spondyloarthritis (axSpA) once HLA-B27 status is known.

   METHODS:

   In axSpA-suspected patients from the Assessment of SpondyloArthritis
   international Society (ASAS), DEvenir des Spondyloarthropathies
   Indifférenciéés Récentes (DESIR) and SPondyloArthritis Caught Early
   (SPACE) cohorts, logistic regression analyses were performed with
   HLA-B27 status and PFH according to the ASAS definition (ASAS-PFH) as
   determinants and clinical axSpA diagnosis as outcome at baseline.
   Analyses were repeated with a PFH of AS or acute anterior uveitis.

   RESULTS:

   In total, 1818 patients suspected of axSpA were analysed (ASAS n = 594,
   DESIR n = 647, and SPACE n = 577). In patients from the ASAS, DESIR and
   SPACE cohorts, respectively 23%, 39% and 38% had an ASAS-PFH, 52%, 58%
   and 43% were HLA-B27 positive, and 62%, 47% and 54% were diagnosed with
   axSpA. HLA-B27 was independently associated with an axSpA diagnosis in
   each cohort but an ASAS-PFH was not [ASAS cohort: HLA-B27 odds ratio
   (OR): 6.9 (95% CI: 4.7, 10.2), ASAS-PFH OR: 0.9 (95% CI: 0.6, 1.4);
   DESIR: HLA-B27 OR: 2.1 (95% CI: 1.5, 2.9), ASAS-PFH OR: 1.0 (95% CI
   0.7, 1.3); SPACE: HLA-B27 OR: 10.4 (95% CI: 6.9, 15.7), ASAS-PFH OR:
   1.0 (95% CI: 0.7, 1.5)]. Similar negative results were found for PFH of
   AS and acute anterior uveitis.

   CONCLUSION:

   In three independent cohorts with different ethnical backgrounds, ASAS,
   DESIR and SPACE, a PFH was not associated independently of HLA-B27 with
   a diagnosis of axSpA. This indicates that in the vast majority of
   patients presenting with back pain, a PFH does not contribute to the
   likelihood of an axSpA diagnosis if HLA-B27 status is known.

   © The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of
   the British Society for Rheumatology.

   KEYWORDS:

   axial spondyloarthritis; diagnosis; family history

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

Measuring spinal mobility in early axial spondyloarthritis: does it matter?

   Calendar mars 16, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Measuring spinal mobility in
   early axial spondyloarthritis: does it matter?» a été publié dans le
   journal Rheumatology (Oxford).

   Marques ML, Ramiro S, Goupille P, Dougados M, van Gaalen F, van der
   Heijde D.

   OBJECTIVES:

   To investigate the frequency and order of impairment of spinal mobility
   measures (SMMs) and their cross-sectional and longitudinal usefulness
   in early axial spondyloarthritis.

   METHODS:

   SMMs measurements of patients from the DESIR (5-year data) and SPACE
   (2.6 (1.9) years of follow-up) cohorts were analysed. Cross-sectional
   (group level) and longitudinal (individual level) analyses were
   performed comparing SMMs to pre-defined cut-offs derived from healthy
   individuals. Subgroup analyses were used to study patient and disease
   characteristics potentially influencing spinal mobility. Reliability
   was analysed using intraclass correlation coefficients and the smallest
   detectable change.

   RESULTS:

   In 328 DESIR and 148 SPACE patients, lateral spinal flexion (LSF) and
   mSchober were the most impaired SMMs. If both (LSF and mSchober) were
   measured, 84% (DESIR) and 74% (SPACE) of the patients with impairment
   in ≥1 SMM would be captured. LSF and Bath AS Metrology Index best
   discriminated between subgroups of patients (higher impairment in
   patients ever treated with biologics, with higher disease activity and
   presence of baseline syndesmophytes): e.g. 31% of LSF impairment in
   patients with Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score (ASDAS) <
   2.1 in ≥2/3 visits vs 49% in those with ASDS ≥ 2.1. A high variability
   in SMMs within the same patient over time was observed, even when
   restricting the analysis to patients with low disease activity.
   Reliability of SMMs was ‘fair’ to ‘good’ (inter-reader intraclass
   correlation coefficients (2, 1): 0.55-0.84; intrareader intraclass
   correlation coefficients (2, 1): 0.49-0.72). Smallest detectable
   changes were in general high, e.g. 5.1 cm for LSF.

   CONCLUSION:

   Cross-sectional use of SMMs, at the group level, is informative in
   patients with early axial spondyloarthritis. However, the high
   variation of SMMs over time impairs their use, at the individual
   patient level.

   © The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of
   the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. For
   Permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.

   KEYWORDS:

   early axial spondyloarthritis; outcome assessment; spinal mobility

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

Evaluation of the predictive validity of the ASAS axial spondyloarthritis
criteria in the DESIR cohort

   Calendar mars 7, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Evaluation of the predictive
   validity of the ASAS axial spondyloarthritis criteria in the DESIR
   cohort» a été publié dans le journal Clin Exp Rheumatol.

   Meghnathi B, Saraux A, Dougados M, Moltó A.

   OBJECTIVES:

   To evaluate the predictive validity of the Assessment of
   SpondyloArthritis international Society (ASAS) axial spondyloarthritis
   (axSpA), Amor, European Spondylarthropathy Study Group (ESSG) and
   modified New York (mNY) classification criteria.

   METHODS:

   Patients from the DESIR cohort (inflammatory back pain suggestive of
   axSpA for >3 months but <3 years duration), followed for up to 5 years.
   Positive predictive value (PPV) of the set of criteria collected at
   baseline (ASAS, and its arms, Amor, ESSG and mNY: fulfilled/not
   fulfilled) were tested against the rheumatologist’s axSpA diagnosis
   (fulfilled/not fulfilled) after 5 years of follow-up.

   RESULTS:

   In total, among the 708 patients included in the DESIR cohort at
   baseline, data on rheumatologist’s diagnosis at 5 years was available
   in 411 patients; amongst them, 352 (85.6%) had an axSpA diagnosis
   according to the rheumatologist; 268 patients fulfilled the ASAS axial
   SpA (axSpA) criteria at baseline and of these, 245 were diagnosed as
   SpA after 5 years follow-up (PPV: 91%). The PPV of the ASAS « imaging »
   arm and « clinical » arm was 97% and 82%, respectively. Other criteria
   also showed similar PPV – Amor (91%), ESSG (90%) and mNY (99%).

   CONCLUSIONS:

   Positive predictive validity of the ASAS criteria for axSpA (including
   both arms) at 5 years was excellent; it is worth noting that the
   performances of the other criteria were also very good in the DESIR
   cohort.

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

Similar alteration for mental and physical aspects in health-related quality
of life over 5 to 8 years in 1347 patients with early arthritis and early
inflammatory back pain

   Calendar février 19, 2019 | Posted by admin

   Un nouvel article scientifique intitulé «Similar alteration for mental
   and physical aspects in health-related quality of life over 5 to
   8 years in 1347 patients with early arthritis and early inflammatory
   back pain» a été publié dans le journal Arthritis Res Ther.

   Puyraimond-Zemmour D1,2,3, Granger B4,5, Molto A6,7, Gaujoux-Viala C8,
   Guillemin F9, Ruyssen-Witrand A10,11, Dougados M6,7, Fautrel B4,12,
   Gossec L.

   INTRODUCTION:

   Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) is a priority for patients. The
   objectives were to describe the changes in HRQoL over 5-8 years in
   patients with early arthritis (EA) or early inflammatory back pain
   (IBP) and to explore factors associated to HRQoL.

   PATIENTS AND METHODS:

   In 2 prospective observational French cohorts (ESPOIR for EA patients
   and DESIR for early IBP patients), HRQoL was assessed regularly over
   5-8 years, using the SF36 physical and mental composite scores (PCS and
   MCS, range 0-100). Disease activity was assessed by DAS28-ESR and
   ASDAS-CRP. Univariate and multivariate linear mixed-effect models and
   trajectory-based mapping were applied.

   RESULTS:

   In all, 1347 patients (701 EA and 646 early IBP) were analysed: mean
   age 48.4 ± 12.2 and 33.9 ± 8.7 years respectively; mean disease
   duration 3.4 ± 1.7 and 18.2 ± 10.8 months; and 76.3% and 55.0% females.
   At baseline, in EA, mean PCS and MCS were respectively 40.2 ± 9.1 and
   40.4 ± 11.2 and, in early IBP, were respectively 38.5 ± 8.5 and
   39.8 ± 10.9. Over follow-up, HRQoL mean levels improved mostly over the
   first 6 months (p <  0.001). Two trajectories were evidenced in both
   diseases. The ‘good HRQoL’ trajectory groups, i.e. 54-61% of patients,
   reached levels of HRQoL close to population norms. DAS28-ESR and
   ASDAS-CRP over time were related to PCS (range of explained variance
   9-43%, p <  0.001 in the mixed models) but not to MCS.

   CONCLUSION:

   HRQoL was altered similarly for both physical and mental aspects in EA
   and early IBP. Disease activity only partly explained HRQoL: the
   drivers of HRQoL should be further explored.

   KEYWORDS:

   Axial spondyloarthritis; Early arthritis; Early inflammatory back pain;
   Patient outcomes assessment; Quality of life; Rheumatoid arthritis

   Category Categories: Publication de travaux dans des journaux médicaux
   | Tag Tags: | Comments No Comments »

« Older Entries

   [Logo-DESIR1.jpg]

DESIR in english

     * [318452_drapeau_anglais.jpg]

25 centres cohorte

     * 25 centres investigateurs
          + Amiens – CHU Nord
          + Aulnay-sous-Bois – Hôpital Robert Ballanger
          + Besançon – Hôpital Jean Minjoz
          + Bordeaux – Hôpital Pellegrin
          + Brest – CHU La Cavale Blanche
          + Clermont Ferrand – Hôpital Gabriel Montpied
          + Dijon – Hôpital Général
          + Le Mans – Centre Hospitalier
          + Lille – Hôpital Roger Salengro
          + Marseille – Hôpital de la Conception
          + Montpellier – Hôpital Lapeyronie
          + Nancy – Hôpital Brabois
          + Nice – Hôpital Pasteur 2
          + Paris 10 – Hôpital Lariboisière
          + Paris 12 – Hôpital Saint-Antoine
          + Paris 13 – Hôpital La Pitié-Salpetrière
          + Paris 14 – Hôpital Cochin A
          + Paris 14 – Hôpital Cochin B
          + Paris 18 – Hôpital Bichat
          + Paris-Boulogne Billancourt – Hôpital Ambroise Paré
          + Paris-Créteil – Hôpital Henri Mondor
          + Paris-Le Kremlin Bicêtre – Hôpital de Bicêtre
          + Rouen – Hôpital de Charles-Nicolle
          + Toulouse – Hôpital Purpan
          + Tours – Hôpital Trousseau

Recherche

   ____________________ Search

   Copyright © 2009 La cohorte DESIR
   [logo-SFR.jpg ] [images.jpg] [Logo-Inserm.jpg] [Logo-APHP.jpg]
