   #Kotoba » Flux Kotoba » Flux des commentaires alternate alternate

   logo
     * Partie 1
       Une population désemparée,
       en quête de sens
     * Partie 2
       Construire un nouveau mode de vie à Fukushima
     * Partie 3
       Penser le futur
       à nouveau
     * Focus
       Minamisoma
       le traumatisme d’une ville déchirée
     * Focus
       Date
       le leadership à l’œuvre
     * Focus
       Suetsugi
       quand des particuliers prennent leur destin en main
     * Crédits et remerciements

     *

   MENTIONS LEGALES

   Copyright
   © IRSN, mars 2016

   LEGAL NOTICES

   Copyright
   © IRSN, March 2016

   法的記載事項

   コピーライト
   © IRSN, 2016年3月

Information légales
     __________________________________________________________________

   (BUTTON) [language.png]
     * FR
     * 日本
     * EN

   ÉDITEUR

   Institut de Radioprotection et de Sûreté Nucléaire (IRSN)
   Etablissement Public à caractère Industriel et Commercial (EPIC)
   R.C.S. Nanterre B 440 546 018

   Directeur de la publication :
   Jacques Repussard, Directeur Général
   SIÈGE SOCIAL

   31 avenue de la Division Leclerc
   92260 Fontenay-aux-Roses
   Tel. : +33 (0)1.58.35.88.88
   Pour nous contacter : contact@irsn.fr
   HÉBERGEUR

   EDICIEL
   22 Avenue Darcy
   17750 ETAULES
   Tel. : +33 (0)6 81 07 83 02
   RCS Marennes B 449 046 242
   COOKIES

   Ce site utilise des outils statistiques qui enregistrent le taux de
   fréquentation des pages du site grâce aux données de connexion
   internet. Dans le cadre de l’utilisation de ces outils, ce site est
   amené à utiliser des témoins de connexion appelés cookies et à stocker
   des informations relatives au profil de ses visiteurs (équipement,
   navigateur utilisé,…), à leur navigation sur le site et la fréquence
   des visites. Ces informations collectées ne contiennent aucune donnée
   personnelle.
   COMMENT ACCEPTER OU REFUSER LES COOKIES ?

   Selon votre navigateur internet, la démarche diffère pour accepter ou
   refuser l’utilisation de cookies. La configuration est décrite dans le
   menu d’aide de votre navigateur. Vous pouvez ainsi modifier vos
   souhaits en matière de cookies.
   Pour plus d’informations :

   + Pour Google Chrome™ :
   https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=fr&hlrm=en&answer=95
   647
   + Pour Internet Explorer™ :
   http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
   + Pour Firefox™ :
   https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies?redirectlo
   cale=fr&redirectslug=Activer+et+d%C3%A9sactiver+les+cookies
   + Pour Safari™ :
   http://www.apple.com/support/?path=Safari/3.0/fr/9277.html
   + Pour Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html

   L’utilisateur trouvera des informations sur ses droits et devoirs et
   sur la protection des données individuelles sur le site de la
   Commission Nationale Informatique et Libertés (www.cnil.fr).
   PROTECTION DE LA VIE PRIVÉE

   Conformément à la loi n° 78-17 du 6 janvier 1978, relative à
   l’Informatique, aux Fichiers et aux Libertés, vous disposez d’un droit
   d’accès et de rectification des informations nominatives vous
   concernant. Vous pouvez l’exercer en vous adressant à :

   Institut de Radioprotection et de Sureté Nucléaire
   Direction de la communication – Cellule Web
   BP 17
   92262 Fontenay-aux-Roses Cedex
   PROPRIÉTÉ INTELLECTUELLE

   Le site de l’IRSN relève, en totalité, de la législation française et
   internationale en matière de propriété intellectuelle. Tous les droits,
   y compris ceux de reproduction, de diffusion, de transmission, sont
   réservés. Toute utilisation des informations contenues sur le site,
   quelle qu’en soit leur forme, notamment les textes, les photographies,
   les schémas, doit faire l’objet d’une autorisation préalable.
   Pour obtenir une autorisation, veuillez nous contacter
   (contact@irsn.fr).

   MENTIONS LEGALES

   Copyright
   © IRSN, mars 2016

   LEGAL NOTICES

   Copyright
   © IRSN, March 2016

   法的記載事項

   コピーライト
   © IRSN, 2016年3月

   Nous utilisons des cookies pour vous garantir la meilleure expérience
   sur notre site. Si vous continuez à utiliser ce dernier, nous
   considérerons que vous acceptez l'utilisation des cookies.
   We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to
   use the website you agree to the use of cookies.
   このサイトでは、より快適にご利用いただけるようクッキー（クッキー）を使用しています。このサイトの閲覧を続行される方はクッキーの使用を承認された
   ものとみなします。
   Ok
   #Kotoba » Flux Kotoba » Flux des commentaires alternate alternate

   logo
     * Part 1
       People adrift in search of guidance
     * Part 2
       Pioneering a new way of life in Fukushima
     * Part 3
       Thinking about the future again
     * Focus
       Minamisoma
       The trauma of a split city
     * Focus
       Date
       Leadership at work
     * Focus
       Suetsugi
       individuals taking their fate into their own hands
     * Credits & acknowledgements

     *

   MENTIONS LEGALES

   Copyright
   © IRSN, mars 2016

   LEGAL NOTICES

   Copyright
   © IRSN, March 2016

   法的記載事項

   コピーライト
   © IRSN, 2016年3月

   http://www.fukushima-dialogues.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Cinemagra
   ph-Part01-VA.mp4
     * Français|
     * 日本語|
     * English

   (BUTTON) [language.png]
     * FR
     * 日本
     * EN

   Early in the afternoon of 11 March 2011, as the sun gradually gave way
   to an overcast sky, the people of Fukushima were going about their
   everyday business. Though this period of the year was a pivotal time
   with the preparation for the graduation ceremony, which created a
   festive atmosphere, it was a day like any other until, at 14:46, the
   ground began to shake. This not an uncommon occurrence, and something
   for which Japanese people are well-prepared, but the tremors quickly
   escalated to an unprecedented scale, plunging people’s lives into
   chaos. The savagery of the earthquake sent furniture and ornaments
   tumbling to the ground. It stopped traffic, cut the electrical grid,
   and burst pipes. When night fell, most residents were without water and
   electricity, and therefore without lighting, heating, phone lines, or
   TV, as violent aftershocks continued to rock their homes. Due to the
   unavailability of information means, most people had no overall view of
   the situation. Thus, most people were unaware of the worst: that a
   tsunami had broken on the coastal zone, leaving no trace of life in its
   wake and flooding the emergency cooling systems for the reactors in the
   Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. Later, they would learn that
   three nuclear reactors had been destroyed, resulting in major
   radioactive contamination.

   Four years after the worst combination of natural and technological
   disasters in Japan, the scars of the tragedy are still visible along
   the coastline flooded by the tsunami and in the no-go zone evacuated by
   the population. There, abandoned houses, cattle, personal belongings
   and infrastructure create a ghostly, spine-tingling atmosphere, but
   outside the zone life seems to go on, almost normally. Here and there,
   a station monitors the ambient dose rate, displaying microsieverts per
   hour in real time, and land decontamination crews scrape the soil,
   filling waste bags to be transported to temporary storage areas pending
   processing… Life as usual? Not quite!

   Though not obvious at first glance, much remains to be tackled,
   starting with the trauma left by more than four years of struggling
   with daily difficulties by people anxious to regain control over their
   lives, some of them still living away from their homes in temporary or
   rented housing, relying on the evacuation support they receive from the
   government. The tsunami claimed some 16,000 lives in one moment; nearly
   five years later, the fallout from the accident at the Fukushima
   Daiichi nuclear power plant continues to be perceived as a threat to
   health and a barrier to returning to normal life.

   Some thirty years after Chernobyl, the Fukushima tragedy clearly shows
   that those in charge of radiation protection must consider every facet
   of a radiological accident, for life is not just about health. This
   paradigm shift is the cornerstone of the experience gained from four
   years of fruitful exchanges – notably through the Fukushima Dialogue
   initiative – between radiation protection experts and a community of
   individuals living in Fukushima Prefecture who want above all to regain
   full control over their lives.
   http://www.fukushima-dialogues.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Fukushima
   -Propagation-nuage-radioactif-VA.mp4

Three shocks in a row

   From March 11^th to 16^th, 2011, the inhabitants of Fukushima
   Prefecture experienced a mega earthquake, a devastating tsunami and the
   unprecedented meltdown of three nuclear reactors. The totally
   unexpected situation left people lost and deeply traumatized.

   With a magnitude of 9.0, the Great East Japan earthquake that occurred
   at 2:46 pm local time on March 11^th, 2011 was the most powerful
   earthquake ever recorded to have hit Japan. The subsequent tsunami
   flooded more than 500 square kilometers, killing nearly 16,000 people,
   and wiped out the diesel generators of the Fukushima plant.

   The meltdown of the overheated nuclear fuel in three reactor cores
   released an estimated 520,000 terabecquerels (TBq) of radioactivity
   into the atmosphere between March 12^th and 31^st, 2011.

   [Sources: irsn / meteofrance]

   The first days after the nuclear accident were particularly stressful,
   with power and water outages combining with wintry weather conditions
   to create the feeling of literally « being left out in the cold », as
   people were trapped at home due to a gasoline shortage and the lack of
   public transport services.

From bewilderment to anger

   For many, the initial trauma gradually turned into desperation as the
   sense of a complete loss of control took root in their minds. No escape
   possible, not the slightest clue about what to do, no ability to rely
   on oneself, no ability to make decisions, even for the most trivial
   tasks of everyday life: going out, coming back, opening windows to air
   the house, drinking, eating, sending the kids to school… What was safe
   and what was not? Over time, home sweet home became a prison besieged
   by an invisible enemy: radioactivity.

   As the days passed without timely support from the public authorities,
   desperation turned into distrust of their ability to respond to
   emergencies and, ultimately, wrath.

   A stone’s throw from lively Date or Fukushima City, the once busy
   coastal strip of Tomioka, Namie, Futaba or ookuma became a saddening
   wasteland, dotted here and there with disemboweled houses, their
   sagging walls spilling out the heart-wrenching remains of suddenly
   broken family lives: clothing, books, bedding, toys, kitchenware, TV
   sets, photos, furniture… things of joy and sorrow littering the ground
   in unspeakable chaos, rotting in silent despair.

   All this time, media coverage of the catastrophe focused on the
   situation at the plant: the inability to cool down the reactor cores,
   the dramatic explosions in three units, the radioactive releases, the
   expanding exclusion zones, the evacuation of people living inside the
   zones… But what about the pain of those dwelling in the vicinity of the
   plant, totally unprepared to live in a radioactively contaminated
   environment? Much has been said about the population as a statistical
   entity, but very little about the extreme anxiety of individuals who
   suffered the loss of their freedom.

   Initially, the government set in motion an evacuation process:
     * Within a 3-kilometer radius on March 11^th
     * Within a 10 and then 20-kilometer radius on March 12^th

   On March 15^th the government instructed people living in the 20 to
   30-kilometer radius to shelter at home. Ten days later, this
   instruction was lifted and people who could not evacuate in case of a
   further emergency were encouraged to leave the zone as soon as
   possible.
   Altogether, it is estimated that nearly 150,000 people left the
   30-kilometer radius, during this period, either by evacuation or
   voluntarily. These zones have been later renamed by the government as:
   zone in preparation for the lifting of the evacuation order, restricted
   residence zone, and difficult-to-return zone.

   (Sources: Reconstruction Agency of Japan / www.reconstruction.go.jp –
   Nuclear Section, French Embassy in Tokyo).

   Evolution of evacuation zones in the wake of the Fukushima accident

Craving for control

   Everyone was concerned about exposure to radioactive contamination, but
   many dared not talk about it, either with relatives or with neighbors.
   How could they possibly do so, given their complete lack of knowledge
   about radioactivity and how to cope with it? Many villagers resigned
   themselves to staying indoors, entertaining vague hopes of external
   support. Still, as time passed, some individuals decided to seek out
   knowledge and guidance, as they knew that this was the only way to
   regain control of their daily lives and, someday, return to some extent
   to a ‘normal’ life. Their commitment, resilience and search for
   empowerment are at the heart of this story.

   x

Fostering
a self-help spirit


   portraits-Iossif-Bogdevitch

Prof. Iossif Bogdevitch,
Belarusian Research Institute for Soil Science and Agrochemistry (BRISSA)


   – The merit of the Ethos approach was to create a positive spirit among
   inhabitants of villages contaminated by radioactivity, changing their
   mindset from feeling as a victim from the disaster to feeling empowered
   to manage the situation.”

   carte-Tchernoby-half

   schema-belarus-fostering

   In Belarus, many people were evacuated at the time of the accident and
   relocated temporally or permanently. Despite a strong mobilization of
   authorities and experts the situation of the population that stayed in
   the contaminated territories has continued to deteriorate over the
   following years due to the collapse of the Soviet regime.

   From the nineties the international community has mobilized to help the
   affected populations. It is in this context that foreign experts
   together with local authorities and professionals participated in
   initiatives aiming at rehabilitating the living conditions in the
   contaminated areas based on the direct involvement of the inhabitants
   in the day-to-day management of the radiological situation.

   x

Learning from Chernobyl:

The experience feedback from Belarus and Norway

   carte-Tchernobyl

   On April 26^th, 1986, a violent blast destroyed the containment
   building of reactor n°4 at Chernobyl nuclear power plant, blowing
   unprecedented amounts of radioactive materials into the biosphere.
   Within days, the contaminated air plume spread over most parts of the
   European continent, following the changes in wind direction. Rain and
   snow deposited significant amounts of radioactivity on the ground in
   many countries, particularly the neighboring Belarus, but also far
   away, e.g. in Norway. The local residents were strongly impacted.

   x

Norway: safeguarding
ancestral roots


   schema-samis

   For most of the South Sámi people in central Norway and Sweden reindeer
   husbandry is still the main livelihood. At the end of April – beginning
   of May 1986, the fallout from the Chernobyl nuclear power contaminated
   their vast mountain grazing areas. The uptake of radiocaesium was
   particularly high in reindeers. Their whole reindeer dependent culture
   was threatened by the situation.
   Thanks to close cooperation with authorities and scientists in
   radiation protection and radioecology, most herders became
   progressively acquainted with measuring their reindeers, feeding them
   with lichen from less contaminated areas, using cesium-reducing cooking
   methods, etc., thereby protecting their way of life.


   carte-Tchernobyl
   portraits-Lavrans-Skuterud

Lavrans Skuterud,
Senior scientist, Norwegian Radiation Protection Agency (NRPA)


   – We visited herders, goat farmers, sheep farmers, and we experienced
   the slaughtering of reindeers… We have a lot of experience in Norway on
   practical consequences of fallouts for the local population, for
   farmers, for food production, and also on the management: regulations,
   compensations, etc. I think this has much relevance for
   Japanese farmers or food producers. Be it a reindeer, be it a sheep, be
   it a sansai… It’s much about culture, food, lifestyle, the fundamentals
   in our daily lives.”
   Learning from Chernobyl Click to find out more

   +

Ryoko Ando,
NPO Ethos in Fukushima, Suetsugi
http://ethos-fukushima.blogspot.jp


   –After the nuclear accident, voices raged about Fukushima but left
   behind those of us who live in Fukushima. Everybody wanted to have his
   or her say without regard for what we think and feel. I could not
   accept that. I even felt angry. I started ETHOS in Fukushima out of a
   conviction that it is we who should narrate our life. In the midst of
   the turmoil, ICRP 111 was the only support for our minds.”

   +

   ICRP Publication 111, entitled Application of the Commission’s
   Recommendations to the Protection of People Living in Long-term
   Contaminated Areas after a Nuclear Accident or a Radiation Emergency,
   provides guidance for the protection of people living in such areas.
   Although the focus is on radiation protection, the publication also
   recognizes the complexity of post-accident situations, which cannot be
   managed without addressing all the affected aspects of daily life,
   including the environmental, health, economic, social, psychological,
   cultural, ethical and political domains.
   The publication stresses the direct involvement of the affected
   population and local professionals for the rehabilitation of living
   conditions, and the management of the situation, and the responsibility
   of authorities at both the national and local levels to create the
   conditions and provide the means for the population’s involvement and
   empowerment. The role of radiation monitoring, health surveillance, and
   the management of contaminated foodstuffs and other commodities is
   described from this perspective.

A groundbreaking radiation protection approach

   A peaceful lady, age 34 at the time of the accident, living close to
   Iwaki, a town next to the exclusion zone, Ryoko Ando is one of those
   who decided to confront the situation without further ado. Totally
   unable to ascertain whether it was risky to stay in her village, she
   started tweeting and searching for information on the web in an attempt
   to understand the radiological situation. Via the social networks, Mrs.
   Ando got in touch with individuals, in the Prefecture and across Japan,
   who were concerned by the situation in Fukushima and ready to start
   supporting her efforts.
   By chance, her web search led to a report published by the
   International Commission on Radiological Protection – ICRP Publication
   111 – and indirectly to the Belarus and Norwegian experience in the
   aftermath of the Chernobyl accident, which inspired that publication.
   Could there be lessons to be learned, she wondered, from the experience
   of people who had to face the consequences of a severe nuclear accident
   with massive radioactive releases?
   Instantly, she realized the significance of this groundbreaking
   approach for the people of Fukushima and the importance of giving more
   people access to it. Among other points, the ICRP Publication 111
   emphasizes the importance of measurements to assessing the radiological
   risks in all aspects of everyday life and to a discussion of the
   results with other “sensor citizens”.
   It is a key step towards the empowerment of individuals and,
   ultimately, recovery.

From ethos in belarus to ‘ethos in fukushima’

   A pilot project supported by the European Commission in the late
   nineties, ETHOS  sought to provide a new, inclusive approach to the
   rehabilitation of living conditions in the contaminated territories of
   Belarus in the post-accident context of Chernobyl.
   One thing in particular caught Mrs. Ando’s attention: the ETHOS
   approach relies on strong involvement by the local population in the
   rehabilitation process to create conditions enabling inhabitants to
   reconstruct their quality of life in all the day-to-day aspects that
   were affected or threatened by the contamination… Given the confusion
   prevailing in the contaminated territories of Fukushima, she saw the
   applicability of this approach in the communities of the Prefecture.

   This inspired Mrs. Ando to undertake a collaborative initiative: the
   creation of a blog called ‘ETHOS in Fukushima’ . The blog is a focal
   point for people who are looking for information to gain a better
   understanding of the situation in the contaminated territories. With
   time, the blog grew to report extensively on local initiatives and the
   outcomes of each meeting of the Fukushima Dialogue initiative in which
   ‘ETHOS in Fukushima’ participated, from the second seminar onwards. It
   also reported on visits to Belarus and Norway to share experiences with
   local farmers and reindeer herders they had met during previous
   Dialogue seminars. Today, it encompasses a variety of written and video
   sources, making it an unrivalled database on living conditions in
   Fukushima following the nuclear accident.
   Ryoko Ando summarizes the spirit of the blog on the homepage: « This is
   about living in Fukushima after the nuclear disaster. More, it is about
   our ability to pass on a better future, as living here is a wonderful
   thing. In measuring, learning, thinking for ourselves, in finding a
   common language between you and me, we are slowly moving forward in
   Iwaki », she writes.

The web: an unmatched tool to reachand coalesce committed individuals

   The swiftness with which contacts were made between Fukushima residents
   and Japanese experts in nuclear physics and radiation protection is a
   largely positive aspect of new communications technology. Social media
   such as Twitter played a major role in simplifying identification and
   fostering contact among individuals, wherever they are physically
   located. Ryugo Hayano, a world-renowned physicist specializing in
   antimatter, splits his time between his professorship at the University
   of Tokyo and his research work at the European Organization for Nuclear
   Research (CERN ) near Geneva, Switzerland. Deeply concerned by the
   anxiety of Fukushima residents regarding exposure to ionizing
   radiation, Professor Hayano used his Twitter account to synthetize and
   disseminate information on the radiological situation in the Fukushima
   Prefecture.

   March 12, 2011 14:22: Ryugo Hayano’s first “Fukushima NPP” tweet

   March 13, 2011: his graph displaying the peak of dose rate subsequent
   to the explosion of unit 1 on March 12 at 15:36 was immediately shared
   with 90,000 followers.

   The number of his followers increased from 2,500 to 150,000 within a
   few days and today stands at around 130,000.

   Among them was Doctor Makoto Miyazaki, a radiologist from the Fukushima
   Medical University involved in deploying whole-body counts in the
   Fukushima prefecture. In parallel, through his exchanges with mothers
   worried about their children’s health, Professor Hayano realized that
   the lack of whole-body counters adapted to the measurement of infants –
   of little use from a sanitary perspective – was a source of concern. He
   therefore decided to launch the development of a bespoke whole-body
   counter, the BabyScan . His participation in the 5^th and subsequent
   Dialogue seminars also prompted his involvement in joint work with
   Fukushima high school students regarding measurements and the
   acquisition of knowledge about radiation and radiation protection.
   The Internet is another responsive tool for networking between
   individuals in Japan and abroad. Taking advantage of the web, the
   volume of day-to-day exchanges has increased rapidly among members of a
   new virtual community coalesced around one common objective:
   contributing actively to the rehabilitation of living conditions after
   the Fukushima accident.

Torn by a dilemma

   For those who lived within a 20-kilometer radius of the damaged nuclear
   power plant, it was a moot question: by governmental decision, they had
   no choice but to leave for temporary housing further away from the
   plant. Nearly 90,000 inhabitants were concerned by this forced
   evacuation.

   To return or not to return?
   Among the 2,024,401 inhabitants of the Fukushima Prefecture (as of 1^st
   March 2011), some 150,000 were evacuated after the mega quake, the
   tsunami and the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.
   The six cities and villages above belong to the zones totally
   evacuated. A survey conducted between August 2013 and January 2015
   provides indications on the evacuees’ readiness to return home.

   Source: Nuclear Department, French Embassy in Japan.

   +

Mayumi Ootsuki,
Ryozen village inhabitant
Date City

   Maison-Mayumi-Ootsuki

   –On March 14^th at noon, I was told it would be better to make some
   preparation for immediate evacuation. But at the same time, many people
   who wanted to leave were unable to do so. The first reason was, many
   just had no place to go.”

   +

Sanae Ito,
Evacuee to Kyoto, formerly living in Minamisoma


   –I come back to Minamisoma 2 to 3 times a year. And now, after four
   years, I feel like I would be glad to return, but the feeling that I
   could not return remains stronger.”

   But for those who live outside the no-go zone, the situation was quite
   different: the decision was theirs to make. Stay or go? How can a sound
   decision be made when there is no way to deem whether it is safe or
   not? Staying means facing an invasive, invisible and ever-present
   enemy; it means being separated from relatives and neighbors who decide
   to leave. But staying also means a familiar setting, keeping one’s job,
   ensuring one’s livelihood. Going puts more distance between oneself and
   the radioactive hazard; it means having more confidence in food,
   regaining control over one’s life, finding a safe haven. But it also
   means leaving relatives, neighbors, friends and one’s entire history
   behind; it means feeling as though one has abandoned those who have
   stayed and being a stranger to those who already live in the “shelter
   territory”. It can also mean just finding a place to stay!

Wrenching decisions about children

   Some stay, some go, but for all of them the decision is a heartbreaker.
   This is even truer when children are at stake. Mayumi Ootsuki, 39 at
   the time of the accident, lives in Ryozen, a rural area of Date City.
   Together with her husband and parents, she decided to stay in the
   family home with her two sons, Seiya, 8, a primary school pupil, and
   Shunya, 6, a kindergartner.
   A member of the local Parent-Teacher Association, Mrs. Ootsuki is
   deeply committed to keeping the school and kindergarten running, which
   she regards as key to the future of her village: “The people from the
   district of Ishida, where our primary school is located, have long been
   committed to keeping customs alive, they care a lot about culture, they
   care a lot about our small school. It is the countryside here, the
   school has only a few pupils; the same goes for our kindergarten. Our
   customs are those of a hamlet, a little district, not of a city,” she
   explains.

   Sanae Ito, 50 at the time of the accident, used to live in
   Minamisoma/Haranachi. Immediately after the accident, she decided to
   hit the road with her mother and daughter. “The accident occurred on
   the day my daughter graduated from junior high school,” she says. “The
   only thing I could think of was to protect her!” Following a
   nerve-racking car ride from Minamisoma with temporary stays in the
   Tokyo area, she finally arrived in Kyoto, where she still lives today.
   Her daughter, who did not share her views on the merits of leaving her
   hometown and classmates, showed her frustration through daily arguments
   with her mother and obstinate refusal to work at school. With time,
   things began to get better as she socialized with her new classmates
   and displayed a growing interest in foreign languages.

   +

Maiko Momma,
Advisor, Assistance to population for radiation protection, Iwaki City


   –I was really worried by the idea of coming back next to the coast. And
   also, my kids were still really so young. I was really scared.”
   dessins-maiko-momma
   Family portrait. Drawing by Miori Momma who turned 5 in 2015.

Back home

   Whereas Sanae Ito is considering staying in her new home, Maiko Momma,
   age 33 at the time of the accident, is now back in Yotsukura, a
   district of Iwaki City. Her house, just 300 meters from the coast, was
   fortunately spared by the tsunami. But the overpowering rage of the
   ocean invading the countryside as she and her children raced to high
   land remains etched in their memories, a vision of horror.
   The mother of a then 11-month-old girl and a 2-year-old boy, Mrs.
   Momma, made the decision to evacuate Yotsukura with her children,
   leaving her husband behind, as evacuating would have meant giving up
   his occupation as the manager of a pharmacy and laying off his staff.

   Guided by a sense of duty to protect her children, she headed for
   Koriyama, some 60 kilometers away, for a one-month stay with her
   husband’s parents. Urged by her own parents to put more distance
   between themselves and the damaged reactors, she continued to Sendai,
   the city of her birth. Located some 110 kilometers from Koriyama in the
   Prefecture of Miyagi, Sendai was a safe and familiar place where Mrs.
   Momma’s parents and younger sister live.
   Life there might have seemed almost normal if Mr. Momma were staying
   with his wife and children. Their separation became increasingly
   painful, as they could not meet as often as they would like – far from
   it – due to the 3- to 4-hour detour between Minamisoma and Iwaki caused
   by the accident at the plant. “In the spring of 2013, I heard from an
   acquaintance that special permits could be obtained to drive directly
   from Minamisoma to Iwaki on Route 6. Well, if things have reached this
   point I thought, why not go back home? That is how I decided to return,
   in August,” Maiko Momma recalls.

From a dialogue of the deaf...

   In a country used to planning every aspect of life minutely, down to
   the tiniest details, there is practically no room for the unexpected.
   When the unexpected nonetheless arises, planners are helpless. The
   aftermath of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster is an
   eloquent example of public authorities being overwhelmed by the complex
   and simultaneous challenges resulting from the accident.
   For the Japanese citizen, used to flawless products and impeccable
   service, the perceived shortcomings and inability to cope with the
   emergency was a source of profound incomprehension which translated
   over days into pervasive suspicion and strong disapproval of the
   officials and experts in charge. Citizen resentment towards those who
   are expected to provide support and guidance and fail to do so was
   sharpened by a sense of lost control resulting from their lack of
   preparedness to deal, overnight, with a radically new aspect of their
   lives: protecting oneself against radioactivity.
   Against such a backdrop, any attempt at discussion between citizens,
   experts and authorities was doomed to be a dialogue of the deaf.

...to a dialogue of the brave

   As a radiation protection expert who moved to Fukushima to volunteer
   his time and experience, Junichiro Tada was especially worried by the
   growing gap and tensions between the stakeholders. A blend of unspoken
   anguish, doubts, misunderstandings, suspicions and desperation poisoned
   interpersonal relationships, hampering the action of those who were
   ready to help.
   In the fall of 2011, he shared his concern with Ohtsura Niwa, a
   Japanese member of the International Commission on Radiological
   Protection (ICRP), and Jacques Lochard, Vice Chair of the Commission,
   who brought his experience with dialogue between Belarusian
   stakeholders as part of the ETHOS project, in which he actively
   participated. Then, Mr. Lochard recommended a field-proven approach:
   sitting all of the parties involved around a table to listen to each
   other until the unspoken is exposed, releasing tension and facilitating
   mutual understanding.

   +

Junichiro Tada,
Director. NPO, Radiation Safety Forum, Fukushima City


   –I don’t think that the doses incorporated by the population in the
   Prefecture are likely to have an impact on health. I rather think that
   excessive worries regarding radioactivity might have an impact on
   health. We see for instance people who become depressed because they
   can’t go back home, or children who develop mental consequences from
   the excessively stringent discipline imposed by mothers worried by the
   impact from radioactivity on health.”

   (Interview on September 11^th, 2014 with Fukushima Minyu News)

   +

Ohtsura Niwa,
Professor. Fukushima Medical University, Radiation Medical Science Center for
the Fukushima Health Management Survey


   –I wanted to visit Belarus 25 years after the accident. I went to
   Bragin, a small town located in the south of Belarus, next to the no-go
   zone. When I arrived, I saw young people, lots of school students, I
   heard the price of land and of building land was going up because young
   people were moving in.
   I found that very heartening. I thought Fukushima also might be OK
   after 25 years.”

   +

Jacques Lochard,
Vice-Chairman, International Commission on Radiological Protection (ICRP)


   –In July 1990, I arrived in a village located near the 30-kilometer
   zone around Chernobyl. The mayor of this half- abandoned village told
   me he almost regretted the time of the accident, since being mayor at
   that time made sense to him, helping people leave the village,
   organizing the evacuation, etc. Conversely, four years later, he felt
   useless: no more children, a deserted infirmary, no more agriculture…
   nobody but elderly people. Suddenly, I was taking stock of the human
   dimension of the disaster, whereas, until then, I had regarded it
   merely as a matter of nuclear safety.”

Breaking the ice

   A couple of weeks after this conversation, the first Dialogue on the
   Rehabilitation of Living Conditions after the Fukushima Accident was
   held in Fukushima on the topic of Lessons from Chernobyl and ICRP
   Recommendations. It was organized under the aegis of the ICRP and
   supported by OECD-NEA , ASN , IRSN and NRPA . During four years,
   experts from these organizations participated actively in this seminar
   and the eleven following ones.

   The atmosphere at the first seminar was tense and heavy. Anger and
   tears often erupted around the room during the two-day Dialogue held on
   November 26^th and 27^th, 2011. Then, suddenly, eight months of
   restrained fear and frustration were released. The exercise was
   particularly challenging for the experts, as they were no longer
   expected to dispense knowledge by virtue of their positions. Slowly but
   steadily, Dialogue after Dialogue – some twelve in all between November
   2011 and September 2015 – they had to listen to hurting individuals and
   try their best to put their knowledge and experience to work to answer
   their concerns. The process had been completely reversed.
   Jean-Christophe Gariel, head of the Environment Division at IRSN, the
   French Institute for Radiation Protection and Nuclear Safety, described
   it later as “a change of glasses”, when he participated in the 5^th
   Dialogue seminar in Date City in March 2013.

   Over time, an atmosphere of mutual understanding took hold, with
   everyone around the table feeling empowered, able to share their own
   experience and benefit from the input of the other participants. The
   table was no longer populated with people in the know on one side and
   laymen on the other, but with equals driven by the common desire to
   rehabilitate the living conditions of people in Fukushima, and to
   restore the tarnished image of their beloved region.

   +

Jean-Christophe Gariel,
Head, Environmental Protection Division, IRSN, France


   –Beyond purely radiological issues, numerous social or economic
   problems have to be factored into the management of post-accident
   situations. Participating in the Dialogues as an expert raised my
   awareness of the importance of this approach.”

   In fall, the season when the 1^st Dialogue seminar was held, the
   countryside around Fukushima City turns fiery colors and mountaintops
   snow white.

   In fall, the season when the 1^st Dialogue seminar was held, the
   countryside around Fukushima City turns fiery colors and mountaintops
   snow white.

   In fall, the season when the 1^st Dialogue seminar was held, the
   countryside around Fukushima City turns fiery colors and mountaintops
   snow white.

   Belarusian and Norwegian radiation protection experts partaking in the
   1^st Dialogue seminar were able to report about the situation in their
   respective countries and to answer the questions asked by the Fukushima
   stakeholders. Among them were Astrid Liland and Lavrans Skuterud
   (Norway), Iossif Bogdevich and Zoia Trafimchik (Belarus).

   Belarusian and Norwegian radiation protection experts partaking in the
   1^st Dialogue seminar were able to report about the situation in their
   respective countries and to answer the questions asked by the Fukushima
   stakeholders. Among them were Astrid Liland and Lavrans Skuterud
   (Norway), Iossif Bogdevich and Zoia Trafimchik (Belarus).

   Belarusian and Norwegian radiation protection experts partaking in the
   1^st Dialogue seminar were able to report about the situation in their
   respective countries and to answer the questions asked by the Fukushima
   stakeholders. Among them were Astrid Liland and Lavrans Skuterud
   (Norway), Iossif Bogdevich and Zoia Trafimchik (Belarus).

   The 1^st Dialogue seminar and the eleven following ones were moderated
   jointly by Jacques Lochard (ICRP) and Junichiro Tada (Radiation Safety
   Forum).

   The 1^st Dialogue seminar and the eleven following ones were moderated
   jointly by Jacques Lochard (ICRP) and Junichiro Tada (Radiation Safety
   Forum).

   The 1^st Dialogue seminar and the eleven following ones were moderated
   jointly by Jacques Lochard (ICRP) and Junichiro Tada (Radiation Safety
   Forum).

   The Dialogue seminars created a network of Japanese and Western
   stakeholders from all walks of life, cemented by their dedication to
   improving the living conditions of people residing in areas
   contaminated by radioactivity. Ohtsura Niwa, a Japanese member of ICRP,
   is surrounded from left to right by Zoia Trafimchik (Belarus), François
   Rollinger (France) and Tamara Zhunussova (Norway).

The six principles
of the Fukushima Dialogue

    1. Invited participants
    2. Local and international observers (the audience)
    3. ICRP members as facilitators
    4. Use of common language
    5. Use of dialogue techniques:
          + 1^st step: in turn, stakeholders give their views for 5
            minutes each. Interruptions are not allowed.
          + 2^nd step: after listening to his/her counterparts, each
            stakeholder gives his/her views in 3 minutes. The aim is to
            give everyone the opportunity to deepen his thinking, or even
            change his/her position in the light of that of others.
          + 3^rd step: the main lessons are summarized by a rapporteur
            followed by a general discussion.
    6. all Sessions open to media

PART 2

   Pioneering
   a new way of life
   in Fukushima

   MENTIONS LEGALES

   Copyright
   © IRSN, mars 2016

   LEGAL NOTICES

   Copyright
   © IRSN, March 2016

   法的記載事項

   コピーライト
   © IRSN, 2016年3月

   Nous utilisons des cookies pour vous garantir la meilleure expérience
   sur notre site. Si vous continuez à utiliser ce dernier, nous
   considérerons que vous acceptez l'utilisation des cookies.
   We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to
   use the website you agree to the use of cookies.
   このサイトでは、より快適にご利用いただけるようクッキー（クッキー）を使用しています。このサイトの閲覧を続行される方はクッキーの使用を承認された
   ものとみなします。
   Ok
   0

   -1

