   #The Great 78 Project » Feed The Great 78 Project » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

   Logo
     * About Collections
     * Preservation
     * Research
     * Discovery
     * Donate 78s
     * Listen

   [Navigation_______]

   Ever think the world could learn from, and protect better, the
   treasures that are 78rpm records?  Lets do something about it:

Join the Great 78 Project!

   [press: Atlas Obscura, The Vinyl Factory, Philly.com, The Verge,
   SFist, @great78project ]

   [All 78’s on archive.org and the masterfully digitized 78’s on
   archive.org]

   The Great 78 Project is a community project for the preservation,
   research and discovery of 78rpm records. From about 1898 to the 1950s,
   an estimated 3 million sides (~3 minute recordings) have been made on
   78rpm discs. While the commercially viable recordings will have been
   restored or remastered onto LP’s or CD, there is still research value
   in the artifacts and usage evidence in the often rare 78rpm discs and
   recordings. Already, over 20 collections have been selected by the
   Internet Archive for physical and digital preservation and access.
   Started by many volunteer collectors, these new collections have been
   selected, digitized and preserved by the Internet Archive,  George
   Blood LP, and the Archive of Contemporary Music.

   We aim to bring to light the decisions by music collectors over the
   decades and a digital reference collection of underrepresented artists
   and genres. The digitization will make this less commonly available
   music accessible to researchers in a format where it can be manipulated
   and studied without harming the physical artifacts. We have preserved
   the often very prominent surface noise and imperfections and included
   files generated by different sizes and shapes of stylus to facilitate
   different kinds of analysis.

   78s were mostly made from shellac, i.e., beetle resin, and were the
   brittle predecessors to the LP (microgroove) era. The format is
   obsolete, and just picking them up can cause them to break apart in
   your hands.  There’s no way to predict if the digital versions of these
   78s will outlast the physical items, so we are preserving both to
   ensure the survival of these cultural materials for future generations
   to study and enjoy.

   Please join this project to:
     * Donate 78s.  We have 200,000 78s, but we are always looking for
       more.  We will digitize your collection and preserve the physical
       discs for the long term. To get the process started please fill out
       this form.
     * Include your digitized collection. If you have already digitized
       78s or related books or media, we’d like to include your work in
       the collection.
     * Digitize your collection.  We’ve worked hard to make digitization
       safe, fast and affordable, so if you’d like to digitize your
       collection we can help.
     * Share knowledge. Help improve the metadata, curate the collection,
       contact collectors, do research on the corpus, etc.

   Other projects with an online listening component include the National
   Jukebox by the Library of Congress and many uploads on YouTube.

   Tweets by great78project

   Developed by Think Up Themes Ltd. Powered by Wordpress.
   #The Great 78 Project » Feed The Great 78 Project » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

   Logo
     * About Collections
     * Preservation
     * Research
     * Discovery
     * Donate 78s
     * Listen

   [Navigation_______]

About Collections

     “I think the [Great 78] project will demonstrate what can and should
     be done if any institution is really serious about preserving our
     collective cultural experience as expressed in sound.”
     — Jonathan Hiam, Curator, American Music Collection and The Rodgers
     and Hammerstein Archives of Recorded Sound at The New York Public
     Library for the Performing Arts

   illustration of tachardia lacca beetles

   Shellac is made from beetle resin

   While audio CDs whiz by at about 500 revolutions per minute, the
   earliest flat disks offering music whirled at 78rpm. They were mostly
   made from shellac, i.e. beetle resin, and were the brittle predecessors
   to the LP (microgroove) era. The format is obsolete, and the surface
   noise is often unbearable. Just picking them up can break your heart as
   they break apart in your hands. So why does the Internet Archive have
   more than 200,000 in our physical possession?

   For years the ARChive of Contemporary Music (ARC) had been getting
   calls offering 78rpm collections that they were unable to accept. But
   when Internet Archive and ARC partnered to focus on preserving and
   digitizing audio-visual materials, space and shipping became available
   and it was now possible to begin preserving 78s. Here’s a short history
   of how in only a few years ARC and the Internet Archive have created
   one of the largest collections in America.

   Our first major donation came from the Batavia Public Library in
   Illinois, part of the Barrie H.Thorpe Collection of 48,000 78s.  For us
   this donation is a dream: it allows us to preserve material that was
   otherwise going to be thrown away; it has a larger cultural value
   beyond the music; and it contained a mountain of unfamiliar music, much
   of it quite rare.

   It was a second large donation that prompted the Internet Archive to
   move toward the idea that we should digitize all of our 78s. The Joe
   Terino Collection came to us through a cold call. The 70,000+ 78s were
   stored in a warehouse for more than 40 years, originally deposited by a
   distributor.

   Over time more collections have been offered to us and we’ve
   accumulated 200,000 78s in our physical archive facility.  The Great 78
   Project is the beginning of our efforts to digitize these discs for
   preservation, research and discovery. Read more on the Internet Archive
   blog.

   Rights Information

   This collection has been made available for use in research, teaching,
   and private study only. Copyrights that may exist in these materials
   have not been transferred to the Internet Archive. The Internet Archive
   does not advise as to the copyright status of items in our collections.
   Our terms of use require that users make use of the Internet Archive’s
   collections at their own risk and ensure that such use is
   non-infringing and in accordance with all applicable laws. It is the
   user’s responsibility to determine whether permission may be required
   for a given use of these materials, or whether such use is authorized
   by law.


Collections


Barrie H. Thorpe / Batavia Illinois Public Library Collection

   Our first major donation of 78s came from the Batavia Public Library in
   Illinois, part of the Barrie H.Thorpe Collection of 48,000
   78s featuring pop, country, big band, and jazz recordings. The
   collection was donated to the Batavia Library in 2007 from a local
   collector, Mr. Barrie H. Thorpe (1925–2012).  What makes the Thorpe
   collection unique is the obsessive typewritten card catalog.
   Visit the archive.org Barrie H. Thorpe Batavia Illinois Public Library
   Collection


Archive of Contemporary Music

   The ARChive of Contemporary Music (ARC) is a not-for-profit archive,
   music library and research center located in New York City since 1985.

   The ARChive collects, preserves and provides information on the popular
   music of all cultures and races throughout the world from 1950 to the
   present.

   The ARC grows daily as hundreds of record companies, publishers,
   distributors, collectors, artists and music fans from around the world
   donate new materials to the ARC. In addition to sound recordings the
   ARChive actively collects all books, magazines, videos, films,
   photographs, press kits, newspapers clippings, memorabilia and ephemera
   relating to the history of popular music. We also maintain a variety of
   informational databases other than those on recordings and books,
   notably our Music Index of 52,000+ people working in the music
   industry.

   Over the past 32 years a great many regular donors have contributed 78s
   to the ARChive of Contemporary Music (ARC).  Because 78s were never a
   mandated focus of ARC, the discs were usually sorted by genre, shelved
   and only cataloged on a project-by-project basis. So while we
   gratefully acknowledge their contributions, we are not able to pinpoint
   exactly who donated which 78 before the Great78project began.

   So, thanks to: Steve Powers, NYC artists who has been an annual donor
   for the past ten years;  Elisa Rios who offered a great group of mostly
   Puerto Rican recording; VB Leghorn who sent her father’s record
   collection that had sat in the garage for years, BUT all were in good
   to near mint condition and all electronically catalogued; and Johnny
   Adams estate donated a small pile collected by this jazz radio DJ. Two
   donors, both named Ed, who have contributed focused country collections
   of 78s are Ed Salamon, was the one-time head of the Country Radio
   Broadcasters and Ed Ward, who runs the Ward Irish Music Archives.

   Upcoming or potential donors of 78s include Saint John’s University
   (500), David Rosenstein (jazz 78s), a tad from Katy Kavanaugh, William
   B. Hise who is busy packing up his 3,000 discs.
   Visit the archive.org ARChive of Contemporary Music.


Joe Terino Collection

   The 70,000 plus 78s were stored in a warehouse for more than 40 years,
   originally deposited by a distributor. Here’s the kicker: they said
   that we could have it all, but we had to move it – NOW! Internet
   Archive did and it came in on 72 pallets, in three semis, from Rhode
   Island to San Francisco.


Boston Public Library Sound Archive

   The Boston Public Library (BPL) sound collection includes hundreds of
   thousands of audio recordings in a variety of historical formats,
   including wax cylinders, 78 rpms, and LPs. The recordings span many
   genres, including classical, pop, rock, jazz, and opera – from 78s
   produced in the early 1900s to LPs from the 1980s. These recordings
   have never been circulated and were in storage for several decades,
   uncataloged and inaccessible to the public. By collaborating with the
   Internet Archive, Boston Public Libraries audio collection can be heard
   by new audiences of scholars, researchers and music lovers worldwide.
   Read more about this collection on our blog. Listen to the recordings
   on archive.org.


Michael Strider

   Mr. Strider rescued his dad’s collection of about 300 seventy-eights.
   He donate the entire collection to avoid sorting and selling
   separately, cataloged them all, and kindly dropped them off to the IA
   in San Francisco. Our favorite’s from this batch are the blues discs by
   Elle Mae Morse. Thanks to Jerry McBride at Stanford University Library
   recommending us to Mike.

   Visit the archive.org Michael Strider collection.


The Charles Stratton Collection

   This collection is more than 8,000 sound recordings, primarily
   seventy-eight rpm pre-war discs, deeded to Kansas State University by
   Mr. Stratton’s estate in 1968.  The recordings represent a broad range
   of early jazz, classical and popular music.  This collection was
   donated by The Richard L. D. and Marjorie J. Morse Department of
   Special Collections at Kansas State University through the kind efforts
   of Head Librarian, Keli E. Rylance, Ph.D.

   Charles William Stratton (1906-1966) was a noted musicologist and
   pianist who received his undergraduate and graduate music degrees at
   Kansas State University and was on their faculty from 1927-1964.  A
   child prodigy blinded from the age of eight to eighteen, Professor
   Stratton also studied at the Curtis Institute, the Royal College of
   Music and Harvard University.  Information on his rare print materials
   housed at Kansas State can be found
   here: http://www.lib.k-state.edu/depts/spec/rarebooks/collections/strat
   ton.html


Daniel McNeil Collection

   The collection of 22,359 ten and twelve inch seventy-eights is one of
   the first that ARC worked with from beginning to end, and what a
   pleasure. Rare for us the discs were all carefully arranged on shelves
   by label, and then by manufacturer number. Even better, the weeks we
   spent packing up meant cake and coffee everyday at 4. Here’s Mr.
   McNeil’s take on the experience:

   “I grew up in New Hyde Park on Long Island. When I was about 10 years
   old I found a pile old 78 RPM records in my grandparents’ attic. I was
   fascinated listening to them. When you put a human voice to it, boring
   history suddenly became real and interesting. I went to college, became
   a research chemist and coauthored a number of scientific papers and
   several patents. All the while picking up additional 78s when I found
   them. The more I found the more fascinated I was. I started going to
   tag sales and flea markets and would often increase my collection by
   1000s.

   “I was fascinated by Bert Williams, a very popular black entertainer of
   the late 1800s and early 1900s, the songs of World War I, songs of the
   roaring 20s and many others. Listening to these old records allowed you
   to gain a feeling for the era in which they were made.

   “Eventually my collection contained over 22,000 records totaling I
   don’t know how many tons. It occupied a sizable portion of my home. My
   wife, Ulla, suggests that if I ever want to collect anything else in
   the future I should consider stamps. We are in our 70s and are starting
   to think of moving to a smaller retirement home. I had to consider what
   to do with my cherished, highly valued record collection. I could find
   people anxious to cherry pick through it but nobody considered the
   complete collection. I found it very upsetting till I contacted the
   ARChive Of Contemporary Music and got a positive response. Now I feel
   overjoyed that, feeling the value and importance of my collection of 60
   years, it now has a new home with the ARChive Of Contemporary Music
   (and the Internet Archive) where it can be appreciated.”

   Visit the archive.org Daniel McNeil Collection

David Chomowicz and Esther Ready Collection

   This is a unique group of more than 4000 LPs and 78rpm discs, the vast
   majority pressed in Latin America or the Caribbean. Of special interest
   are the hundreds of Cuban recordings and more than a thousand Tango
   discs from Argentina. Of note is the pristine condition of most of the
   recordings and the many hand-decorated covers that the donor made for
   78rpm discs that were originally issued in generic corporate sleeves.

   Mr. Chomowicz, who inherited the recordings from a collector friend,
   and out of respect for the collector and his passion for music,
   resisted numerous offers to sell the collection. David saw the value to
   preserve the material for posterity and donated it to The ARChive of
   Contemporary Music in 2017.

   Mr. Chomowicz is a creative professional working in video, print and
   multimedia in New York City. His design awards and honors include
   National & Chapter Emmy Awards and numerous awards from The New York
   Art Directors Club, BDA/Promax, Communication Arts and the AIGA.

   Visit the archive.org David Chomowicz and Esther Ready Collection.

Daniel Jan Walikis Polka Collection

   While most of these more than 2000 LPs and 78s in this collection
   celebrate American Polka music, about a quarter of them were devoted to
   Eastern European and Balkan folk and traditional music. From 1988 until
   his death in 2012 .Mr. Walikis’ hosted the European Ethnic Melodies
   show on WHRW, Binghamton, NY, a University’s radio station. The
   collection was donated by his widow, Rosemary.

   Two of the discs were self recorded and featured Dan Jan’s brother Joe,
   who was 9 year old at the time. The bothers had a band for more than 30
   years, the Perceptions. Joe was then just launching his career as Sonny
   Walikis and his Squeezebox. On one title, “Four Leaf Clover,” Joe’s
   mother is singing. But the family had no idea this recording existed –
   it was just hidden in with the boxes and boxes of records – and were
   overjoyed that they now had a digital copy of the music that both
   brother loved, recorded and collected their entire lives.

Richard Thayer Skidmore Collection

   This largely Jazz 78rpm collection was put together by Richard Thayer
   Skidmore, an Episcopal deacon in Waretown, NJ.  His father, Lauren
   (Larry) Henry Skidmore, was a bassist who played with various jazz and
   big bands, including Charlie Barnet, The Dorsey Brothers, Glen Miller,
   Eddie Condon, Jack Teagarden and Enoch Light. He also roomed with Pee
   Wee Russell on some tours.

    The discs were donated by Richard Thayer Skidmore’s family, Stephanie
   and Ben Reynolds and Richard Skidmore. This collection consists of
   approximately 1,400 jazz seventy-eights, including 250 Edison discs
   (those really thick ones). This donation also included 100+ jazz LPs,
   and photos of Larry in various bands, his union card, a visiting card,
   and some other odds and ends of memorabilia all housed at the ARC in
   New York City.


KUSF

   KUSF is the University of San Francisco’s radio station. This
   non-commercial student-run station originally broadcast on-air from
   1963-1977 as an AM station, and from 1977-2011 on the FM dial. This
   free-form and freewheeling college station was celebrated both
   nationally and internationally for its innovative music programming.

   In 2012 the University of San Francisco donated a large portion of the
   KUSF collection of 78’s and LP’s to the Internet Archive. Since then
   many LPs were digitized as a pilot project, and starting in 2018 the
   78s will be digitized.

Recycled Records

   Bruce Lyall, the proprietor of the Haight Street Recycled Records, has
   been a good friend of the Internet Archive always giving LP’s, 78’s,
   and CD’s to us as we have needed test records.  He has even introduced
   us to others that have been de-accessioning their collections.

   Visit the archive.org Recycled Records collection and 78rpm collection.

Larry Edelman Collection

   This collection is comprised mostly of Square Dance calling and music,
   and couples dancing music.  Visit the archive.org Larry Edelman
   Collection.

Tina Argumedo and Lucrecia Hug Collection

   The Tina Argumedo and Lucrecia Hug Collection of 78s contains discs
   collected in Argentina beginning in the mid-1930s. It comprises
   primarily tango music, with boleros, sambas, mambo and other dance
   music. The collection was donated by D’Anna Alexander, Michael and
   Daniel Alexander, and Débora Simcovich.

   Visit the archive.org Tina Argumedo and Lucrecia Hug Collection.

David Hinckley Collection

   For more than 25 years Mr. Hinckley has donated thousands of books, LPs
   and CDs to The ARChive of Contemporary Music. With the advent of the
   Great78Project David donated a superb collection of more than 300
   Country, Cowboy, Western Swing and Hillbilly 78s. Great stuff including
   discs by the Carter Family, Bill Boyd, Delmore Brothers, Pie Plant
   Pete, The Skillet Lickers, Arkansas Woodchoppers – 22 by Lefty Frizzell
   alone. We love these focused collections, especially when in such
   excellent condition. Hundreds more to come as David slowly re-listens
   and sorts. David was the Music and Media critic for the New York Daily
   News for 35 years. Beyond the recordings, the swag he donated to ARC
   over the years was fab!

   Visit the archive.org the David Hinkley collection.

Glenn Allen Howard

   Mr. Howard is the Director of The American Musical Heritage Foundation
   (AMHF). Once based in San Francisco (and maybe moving back) he is a
   longtime friend of the Internet Archive and has sent the odd crate of
   78s every now-and-then.

Mark + Jason Bradburn Collection

   A gift of 843 seventy-eights from two brothers in New York, all in
   alpha-order by artist, and cataloged. This came to us over a two-year
   period, two separate shipments that also included thousands of
   forty-fives. This is a nice collection, heavy on jazz (16 Billy
   Holiday, 8 Illinios Jacquet) and Latin (12 Machito, 22 Trio Los
   Panchos).

Jules Vandersarl Collection

   These well-traveled family-owned discs were originally in Raton, NM and
   San Antonio, TX, before they came to Mr. Vandersari in Colorado, and
   subsequently to the Internet Archive in San Francisco. After sending
   inquiries to several universities with little response, the 1,675
   seventy-eights came to us in early 2017. A big thanks to Stephanie
   Bonjack, Head, Howard B. Waltz Music Library, University of Colorado
   Boulder, for directing him our way.

   Mr Vandersari writes, “I have looked at the arcmusic.org website and
   what you have done is very impressive. It seems like a fun place to
   work, getting these old discs cleaned up, transcribing them with
   current technology, gathering information about the record’s history
   and making them available for listening on the internet.” He’s still
   thinking about donating his grandfather’s Rock-Ola juke box!

   The record of the donation of the Jules Vandersarl collection.

Joseph and Jennifer Almeida Collection

   This 78rpm collection was made by Joseph Almeida who began collecting
   in the 1990s. The material is mostly popular music, i.e. band dance
   music and vocal music. The focus is on early electrical recordings
   1925-1935 but the collection contains many acoustical recordings in the
   collection dating back to 1901.

   Mr. Almeida said, “I focused on the big three labels (Brunswick, Victor
   and Columbia ) but there are plenty of budget label recordings as well
   such as Romeo, Okeh, Vocalion, etc.  I focused on collecting early
   electrical popular music so about half of the collection consists of
   early electrical Victor scrolls, Columbia Viva-tonal, Brunswick and the
   various budget labels from the 1920’s and 1930’s. Dance bands such as
   Bob Haring, Nat Shilkret, Ben Selvin, Leo Reisman, Arden.Ohman, etc.
   and many vocal recordings by Franklyn Baur, Lewis James, Frank Munn,
   Scrappy Lambert, Maurice Gunsky, Chester Gaylord, Nick Lucas etc. and
   similar artists. The other half are acoustic pre-1925 recordings from
   Victor, Columbia, Brunswick, Vocalion, Okeh and the usual budget labels
   dating back to around 1900. I rarely kept anything post 1935 so there
   are very few of those records in the collection.”

   “I will be moving out of the country I won’t be able to take them with
   me.  I would really like to see them digitized online and then
   preserved for future generations.”

   Visit the Almeida collection.

Seldon Family Collection

   Growing up in the 1930’s and 40’s in New York City, how could Walter
   Seldon not be a Jazz lover? It was the soundtrack of the city, from
   Blues to Bebop and beyond. In clubs, at concerts, and on the radio, he
   listened…and he collected as much of that great music as he could.
   Though he’d missed the Dixieland Golden Age of 1920’s Harlem, it was
   one of his favorite genres. One of his fondest memories was from 1947
   when he attended a recording session of Duke Ellington and his band,
   then caught a ride back to Ithaca on the band bus. What a thrill that
   must have been.

   Walt was born in 1928 and raised in New York City. In 1944, at the
   tender age of 16, he earned a Regents Scholarship and attended Cornell
   University in Ithaca, NY. He took a year off during college, then
   returned to graduate with the class of 1950 with a Bachelor of
   Electrical Engineering degree. During his break from Cornell, Walt
   worked as an engineer at radio station WALD in Walterboro, SC. On
   Sundays, Walt would set up for remote transmission from the Christian
   revival meetings for transmission through the station. In exchange, he
   was allowed his own Jazz broadcasts for a few hours every Sunday
   evening. What else he may have done at that station is a mystery.

   In the early 1950’s, he met the love of his life and soon to be spouse,
   Delores, at the Music Mart in Baltimore where she worked and he shopped
   for records. His passion for Dixieland and Big Band was complemented by
   her enthusiasm for 1950’s Jazz. While Walt collected records, the
   gregarious Jazz loving Delores collected people, bringing Musicians
   like Dizzy Gillespie, James Moody, roland Hanna, Mike Longo, Mikey
   Roker, and so many others to the warm elegance of their Bolton Hill
   home. Music and laughter abounded there among the famous and less
   famous musicians, all of whom had a place in the capacious hearts of
   Walt and Delores Seldon.

   Visit the Seldon collection.

Leif Druedahl Collection

   Leif Druedahl and the 78’er klubben have been collecting records for
   preservation for many years, relying on donations from the public.
   Records have been catalogued by Leif and thousands had already been
   digitized and uploaded into the 78’er Klubben Collection. Leif hosted a
   monthly Radio Roskilde show where celebrity guests reacted to the music
   from these old 78s, and this exposure led to an increase in donations
   (including a collector who contributed 130,000 records!).

   A contingent of volunteers helped to sort through the records and
   select about 6,000 disks (so far!) to send to the Internet Archive for
   digitization. The collection is mostly Danish but also includes
   British, Russian and German records.

   Visit the Leif Druedahl Collection.

Ann and Edward Nelson Collection

   A donation of 78’s from Ann and Edward Nelson. The collection
   originally belonged to Ann’s grandparents, Lee and Helen Petersen of
   Coquille Oregon. Lee and Helen acquired many of the records from Lee’s
   parents and continued to add to them with their own selections. Lee
   worked as a cowboy and rancher in the early 1900’s in Humbolt County
   California and Coos County Oregon. the collection reflects this Western
   heritage with several records containing cowboy songs, hobo songs and
   early Hawai’ian music. Helen and her parents also contributed several
   Vaudeville records, as well as several Orchestras playing Foxtrot music
   of the era.

   Visit the Ann and Edward Nelson Collection.

   Developed by Think Up Themes Ltd. Powered by Wordpress.
   #The Great 78 Project » Feed The Great 78 Project » Comments Feed The
   Great 78 Project » Posts by Alexis Rossi Feed

   Logo
     * About Collections
     * Preservation
     * Research
     * Discovery
     * Donate 78s
     * Listen

   [Navigation_______]

Author Archives:

Nothing Found

   It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. Perhaps searching can
   help.
   ____________________ Search

   Developed by Think Up Themes Ltd. Powered by Wordpress.
