   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5K82J2

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PP7RKT7

   Your browser is out of date. The site might not be displayed correctly.
   Please update your browser.

   Features Pricing Help News   Academy Community
   Company
   About Us Careers Success Stories Data Studies Affiliate Program
   Contacts Stats and Facts
   Marketplace
   (BUTTON)
   Menu
   Features
   Pricing
   Help
   News
   Academy
   Community
   (BUTTON)
   Company
   About Us Careers Success Stories Data Studies Affiliate Program
   Contacts Stats and Facts
   Marketplace
   EN
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   (BUTTON) Log In Sign Up

SEMrush
Terms and Conditions

   These Terms and Conditions ("Agreement") are a legally binding
   agreement between the user ("User" or "you") of the SEMrush Services
   and Applicable SEMrush Company ("SEMrush", "SEMRush", "we" or "us") as
   described herein.

   Please make sure you fully understand the contents of this Agreement.
   If you have any doubts about any of your rights and obligations
   resulting from your acceptance of this Agreement, please consult us or
   obtain legal support.

   This Agreement includes and hereby incorporates by reference the API
   Terms of Use, as such agreement may be in effect and modified by
   SEMrush from time to time, accessible at
   https://www.semrush.com/api-terms/.

   IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY
   NEITHER CONTINUE WITH THE PROCESS OF REGISTRATION NOR FURTHER USE THE
   SERVICES.
    1. SERVICES
         1. Definition. The "Services" consist of a suite of online
            marketing and management tools for search engine optimization
            ("SEO"), social media and digital marketing located at
            https://www.semrush.com/ (the "Website"), which includes tools
            for research and analysis, link building, campaign management,
            automated tracking of search engine performance, analytics and
            conversion tracking and SEO reports, instruments for content
            and contact management. Among other things, the Services
            enable Users to (a) conduct internet-advertising campaigns,
            (b) obtain information related to their ongoing advertising
            campaigns, (c) generate reports and analytics on web pages or
            advertising campaigns, and (d) access an extensive array of
            resources, including but not limited to, an online platform
            and its application programming interface ("API").
         2. Changes. We reserve the right to change the terms or
            specifications of any Services in our discretion, with or
            without prior written notice to the Users, by replacement of
            text of this Agreement or description of paid subscription
            plans on the Website or by written notice to you. Any changes
            will take effect immediately unless otherwise stated in the
            notice of change. If any amendment is unacceptable to you,
            your only recourse is to terminate relations with SEMrush.
            Your continued use of the Services following our notice of
            change will constitute a binding acceptance of the Agreement,
            as amended.
         3. Additional Services. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any
            new features that augment or enhance the currently offered
            Services, including the release of new SEMrush services, shall
            be subject to this Agreement.
         4. Right to Use Services. SEMrush hereby grants you permission to
            use the Services and the Website solely as set forth in this
            Agreement and in the manner set forth on the Website. In the
            event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and
            the Website, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. Any
            use of the Services other than as set forth in this Agreement
            or in violation of any term of this Agreement will result in
            suspension or revocation of your use privileges in our sole
            discretion.
         5. Suspension or Termination of Services. Notwithstanding
            anything stated or implied to the contrary in this Agreement,
            we may at any time, without derogating from our other rights
            under this Agreement, applicable law or otherwise, suspend or
            terminate any or all of the Services, effective immediately
            upon issuance of a written notice. Such suspension or
            termination may also apply, as the case may be, to specific
            jurisdictions, lines of business and otherwise or to a
            specific customer or a group of Users. Notwithstanding the
            foregoing, solely with respect to Users of paid Services,
            whenever reasonably possible, such Users may be given up to
            thirty (30) days after notice of suspension or termination of
            their User account to back-up the data stored in their account
            before it may be removed entirely from our servers.
         6. Third Party Services. We reserve the right to use third party
            service providers in the provisions of all or part of the
            Services including, but not limited to, hosting providers,
            payment processing services, information and communication
            services, analytics services, internet advertising platforms,
            advertising service providers and platforms. Where any of the
            aforementioned services are provided by third parties, the
            User may be subject to such third party’s terms and
            conditions. We accept no responsibility for services provided
            by any third party.
    2. REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT
         1. Use of the Services. You may use the Services either as a
            registered or as an unregistered User. However, you may not
            use the Services, either as a registered or an unregistered
            User if you are not of legal age to enter into a contract in
            your jurisdiction or if do not have the authority to accept
            this Agreement. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to
            register for the Services or send any information about
            yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone
            number, or email address. If we learn that we have collected
            personal information from anyone under age 18 without
            verification of parental consent, we will delete that
            information as quickly as possible. Registering as a User may
            provide you with the following additional benefits over using
            the Services in a visitor (non-registered) capacity: tracking
            marketing campaigns and seeing requests history, keeping your
            preferences and other settings, etc.
         2. Acceptance. By using the Services, you accept the terms of
            this Agreement and you fully authorize us to obtain, process,
            store, use and transmit your personal data in accordance with
            our Privacy Policy, which forms an integral part of this
            Agreement.
         3. User Representations. By using the Services, you represent and
            warrant that (a) all registration information you submit is
            truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of
            such information; (c) you are at least 18 years of age and
            have the capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement;
            and (d) your use of the Services does not violate any
            applicable law or regulation.
         4. Registration; Billing. To register as a User, you have to
            create a user account on the Website by following registration
            procedures and instructions set forth therein. There is no
            cost to create a SEMrush User account. However, in order to
            access certain paid features of the Services, you will be
            required to provide billing details. As a registered User, you
            agree to notify us promptly of any changes to your billing
            details. User account is intended and designed for use by an
            individual user, unless otherwise stated in your SEMrush
            subscription plan. You may not give access to your User
            account to additional users, in excess of the number of users
            specified in your SEMrush subscription plan. If SEMrush
            detects multiple users frequently accessing the same User
            account from various locations, devices, IP addresses, SEMrush
            may immediately suspend or terminate this User account in its
            sole discretion.
         5. Login, Password and API Key. You are solely and fully
            responsible for the maintenance of all of your SEMrush user
            accounts, including, but not limited to, your User login,
            password and API key. The API key is a form of access token
            provided by SEMrush, and can only be affiliated with one User
            account (the “API Key”). You agree not to share your API Key
            with any third parties.
         6. User Responsibilities. You are responsible for all of the
            following with respect to your use of the Services:
              1. maintaining the security of your User account and all the
                 activity that occurs on your User account;
              2. maintaining accurate account information at all times,
                 including a valid email address and billing information
                 and updating such information as necessary;
              3. obtaining access to the Services, and that access may
                 involve third-party fees (such as Internet service
                 provider or airtime charges); and
              4. obtaining and maintaining all equipment necessary to
                 access the Services.
         7. Prohibited Uses. You are expressly prohibited from using the
            Services in any of the following ways or for any of the
            following purposes:
              1. No Illegal Purpose. You may not use the Services for any
                 illegal or unauthorized purpose, including in any way
                 that violates copyright or other applicable laws.
              2. No Tampering. You may not use the Services in a way that
                 is detrimental to the operation of the Services or the
                 access or use of the Services by anyone else. You will
                 not upload or transmit viruses, worms or any other
                 destructive code. The restriction in this Section applies
                 to any use that interferes or attempts to interfere with
                 the normal operations of the Services, including by
                 hacking, deleting, augmenting or altering the Services.
              3. Permission Required. You may not, without our prior
                 written permission and, solely with respect to lease,
                 resale and sublicense, except as may be specifically
                 allowed under your paid subscription plan, (i) copy,
                 distribute (including by framing any of the Services on
                 any web site), modify, enhance, translate, reproduce,
                 sell, resell, sublicense, rent, lease, or otherwise
                 attempt to exploit the Services or any data resulting
                 therefrom; (ii) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer,
                 or otherwise attempt to discover the source code; (iii)
                 make derivative works of the Services; (iv) remove,
                 obscure, or alter any copyright notice, trademarks, or
                 other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained
                 within or accessed in conjunction with or through the
                 Website or Services; (v) modify another website so as to
                 falsely imply that it is associated with the Services,
                 SEMrush or any other SEMrush products or services; or
                 (vi) make the Website or Services or any part thereof
                 available to others in a service undertaking or
                 outsourcing arrangement or for any other commercial
                 time-sharing, data processing or other third party use.
              4. Inquiries. You agree not to forward (i) more than 10
                 inquiries per 1 second from one unique IP address, (ii)
                 more than 10 simultaneous inquiries from 1 User, or (iii)
                 more than 2 simultaneous export inquiries.
              5. Automatic Inquiries. All automatic inquiries are
                 prohibited.
         8. Special Access and Testing. If you are invited or clearly
            provided with access to beta testing new tools and resources,
            which are not made available to our users broadly (“closed
            beta”), you should not rely on, nor expect, the continued
            availability of these new tools and resources. Any such access
            to beta test new tools and resources, if any, is conditioned
            upon your agreement not to disclose any information about
            these new tools and resources or your experience with using
            them to third parties.
         9. Assignment. A User may not assign, transfer, exchange, pool or
            barter any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement
            or the User account, unless expressly permitted by SEMrush in
            writing. Any violation of the foregoing restrictions is
            grounds for immediate User account termination. For changes in
            access under corporate subscriptions to the Services we may
            require from you a detailed explanation of changes in your
            circumstances, along with confirmation of employment and other
            reasonable information and relevant documents.
        10. De-Registration. You may delete your User account at any time.
            Note that doing so will delete all your data and information
            stored on SEMrush servers and SEMrush will bear no
            responsibility for such loss of data or information. All
            Service fees incurred prior to de-registration will be due and
            owing, until paid in full, such de-registration
            notwithstanding.
        11. Termination by SEMrush. SEMrush reserves the right to
            terminate any User account for abusive or fraudulent activity,
            for failure to comply with this Agreement, or for any other
            reason in its sole discretion.
    3. FEES AND SETTLEMENT
         1. Service Fees. With respect to paid Services, User will be
            charged the fees set forth in the relevant section on the
            SEMrush Website located at https://www.semrush.com/prices/ or
            as otherwise offered on the Website for a particular
            subscription plan (the "Fees"). The Fees, unless explicitly
            shown during the process of purchasing a subscription plan and
            following confirmation thereof, are exclusive of value added
            tax and any additional or other taxes, charges or duties which
            may be imposed in connection with any and all payments made or
            due hereunder and shall, if applicable, be borne, respectively
            registered and duly declared by User.
         2. Promotional Giveaways. From time to time we may offer
            promotional giveaways of the Services, subject to the specific
            rules that we will announce at the time of any such
            promotional giveaway. Users shall bear sole responsibility for
            any and all income tax consequences that may result from their
            winning any such giveaway. Further, solely to the extent
            required by applicable laws, Users agree to submit to us duly
            completed tax forms, to enable us to make all required filings
            with tax authorities.
         3. Change in Fees. We may change the Fees and/or introduce new
            charges in addition to the Fees in our sole discretion upon
            thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the User.
            Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may increase the Fees,
            immediately and with contemporaneous notice, in the event of
            (a) any change in the services or fees of our third party
            service providers; (b) changes in the Services which are made
            at your request; or (c) delays and/or other issues due to User
            failure to fulfill User obligations or due to User request to
            delay work for any reason.
         4. Payment. Any Fees shall be prepaid one month or one year in
            advance, or as otherwise offered on the Website for a
            particular subscription plan, at the option of the User by
            credit card or another payment method accepted on the Website.
            All prepaid amounts and Service plans will be reflected in the
            User account. Any bank fees and charges shall be borne solely
            by User.
         5. Refund policy. We provide paid Services on a prepaid basis.
            Users may discontinue their use of any Services at any time in
            accordance with instructions posted on the Website. The date
            and time of any cancelation of paid Services shall be the date
            and time on which the User completes the full cancelation
            process. The Fees for the Services may be refundable in whole
            or in part as set forth
            herein: https://www.semrush.com/refund/.
       Repeated registrations or/and subscriptions for paid Services and
       cancellations, followed by requests for refunds, by a User may, in
       our sole discretion, be deemed to be in bad faith, and we reserve
       the right to withhold Service to any such offending User and refuse
       any refund otherwise available to such User.
    4. OWNERSHIP AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; USE OF TRADEMARKS
         1. All Rights Reserved. User acknowledges and agrees that all
            rights, title, and interest to, any and all intellectual
            property rights of all types or nature whatsoever, including,
            without limitation, patent, copyright, trademark, data base
            rights as well as moral rights, know-how and trade secrets
            (and any licenses in connection with any of the same), whether
            or not registered or capable of registration, and whether
            subsisting in any specific country or countries or any other
            part of the world, in the Services, the platform used to
            provide the Services (technology, hardware, software, etc.),
            any code or software (SDK, API, etc.) which may be provided to
            User or for User’s use under this Agreement and any work
            products created and/or delivered herein and related
            documentation (forming the SEMrush Website and Services) are
            and will remain solely and exclusively our property and/or the
            property of SEMrush, SEMrush licensors or affiliates. User is
            granted no title or ownership rights in the SEMrush Website or
            Service. User’s right to use the Website, Services and any
            part thereof is strictly limited to the provisions of this
            Agreement and we reserve all rights not expressly granted
            herein.
         2. SEMrush Marks. SEMRush® and SeoQuake® are trademarks, DBAs and
            trade dress and/or service marks of SEMrush and/or our
            affiliates and subsidiaries. Other marks, graphics, icons,
            names and logos used or displayed on or through the Website
            are trademarks, trade dress and/or service marks ("Marks") of
            us and our affiliates and subsidiaries or otherwise are the
            property of their respective owners, who may or may not be
            affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us and may be
            subject to such third parties’ terms and conditions. User may
            not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing any
            of the aforementioned trademarks, trade dress and/or service
            marks without our and respective owner’s prior written
            permission. User’s right to use the Marks is strictly limited
            to the manner of use as instructed and approved by us, which
            right may be revoked or changed at any time at our (or the
            respective owners’ or licensors’) sole discretion. User will
            accordingly change or remove such display of materials
            immediately upon request by us or the respective Mark owners
            or licensors. User acknowledges and agrees that User shall not
            contest the ownership of the Marks on the Website for any
            reason. User’s use or display of Marks will terminate
            effective upon the termination of this Agreement, suspension
            of the Services or upon notification by us or the respective
            owner or licensor to discontinue such use or display.
         3. User’s Marks. User hereby grants us a worldwide,
            non-exclusive, unlimited and royalty-free license to use
            User’s brands, names, logos, trademarks, trade names and
            service marks as used by User for informational and
            advertising purposes only.
         4. Feedback. Users are under no obligation to give SEMrush any
            ideas, suggestions, comments or other feedback related to the
            Website, the Services, or the business or operations of
            SEMrush. If any User shares ideas, suggestions, comments, or
            other feedback with SEMrush, SEMrush will own such idea,
            suggestion, comment or feedback. User hereby assigns all of
            User’s right, title, and interest in such idea, suggestion,
            comment, or feedback to SEMrush and agrees that SEMrush will
            be free to use and implement same, without restriction or
            obligation of any kind, without, however, any obligation to do
            so.
    5. TERMINATION
         1. Termination Right. Either party may terminate this Agreement
            at any time in its sole discretion with written notice to the
            other if terminated by SEMrush, which notice shall be at least
            30 days prior to the termination date if to a User of paid
            Services.
         2. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, all
            rights of the affected User with respect to the use of Website
            or Services shall terminate immediately.
         3. Survival. Upon any termination of this Agreement for any
            reason, all provisions regarding indemnification, warranty,
            liability and limits thereon, and confidentiality and
            protection of proprietary rights and trade secrets, and any
            provisions which expressly or by their nature are required to
            survive such termination in order to achieve their purpose,
            shall so survive until it shall no longer be necessary for
            them to survive in order to achieve their purpose.
    6. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER & LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
         1. Disclaimer. EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE SERVICES AND
            THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND WE
            EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
            WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OR
            CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
            PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR
            NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES OR THE
            WEBSITE (A) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) WILL BE AVAILABLE
            ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR
            (C) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER
            HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. WE FURTHER MAKE NO
            WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR
            COMPELTENESS OF THE CONTENT ON ANY SITES LINKED TO ON THE
            WEBSITE.
         2. Limitation of Liability. In no event shall SEMrush, its
            officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you or
            to any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
            special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever arising
            from or related to either this Agreement, or use of the
            Services or the Website. Our liability to you for any damages
            arising from or related to this Agreement, will at all times
            be limited to the greater of (a) fifty dollars ($50) or (b)
            amounts you have paid to us in the prior 12 months (if any).
            The existence of more than one claim will not enlarge this
            limit. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to
            the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable
            jurisdiction.
         3. Third Party Products and Services. SEMrush does not warrant,
            endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product
            or service advertised or offered by a third party through the
            Website or any hyperlinked website or featured in any banner
            or other advertising, and SEMrush will not be a party to or in
            any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between
            you and third-party providers of products or services.
         4. Other Jurisdictions. We make no representations that the
            Services or the Website are appropriate or available for use
            in all locations. Those who access or use the Services or the
            Website from jurisdictions prohibiting such use, do so at
            their own volition and are responsible for compliance with
            local law.
    7. INDEMNITY
       You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SEMrush and its
       officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and
       all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or
       debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees)
       arising from: (a) your use of and access to the Services and the
       Website; (b) your violation of any term of this Agreement; or (c)
       your violation of any third party right, including without
       limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right. This defense
       and indemnification obligation will survive the termination of this
       Agreement and your use of the Services and the Website.
    8. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS
       Exports, re-exports, and transfers of SEMrush products and
       services, including technology, software, software source code,
       technical data, related technology, and the direct products
       thereof, including the Website content and the Services (the
       "SEMrush Items") are subject to US export controls and sanctions,
       the most important of which are administered by the Commerce
       Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS") under its
       Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"), the Treasury
       Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Controls ("OFAC") under its
       Foreign Assets Control Regulations, and other applicable export
       control laws and regulations of non-U.S. government agencies. You
       may not access, download, distribute, use, export, or re-export the
       SEMrush Items in violation of United States export laws or
       regulations, or in violation of any other applicable laws or
       regulations. You agree to comply with all export laws and
       restrictions and regulations of any United States or foreign agency
       or authority, and not to directly or indirectly provide or
       otherwise make available the SEMrush items in violation of any such
       restrictions, laws or regulations, or without all necessary
       approvals, including, without limitation, for the development,
       design, manufacture or production of nuclear, chemical or
       biological weapons of mass destruction nor will you use the SEMrush
       Items for a military end-use or a military end-user in China,
       Russia or any other country designated in EAR Supplement No. 1 to
       Part 740, Country Group D1. The SEMrush Items may not be downloaded
       or otherwise provided or made available, either directly or
       indirectly, (i) into Iran, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Myanmar,
       Syria or any other country subject to U.S. trade sanctions, to
       individuals or entities controlled by such countries, or to
       nationals or residents of such countries other than nationals who
       are lawfully admitted permanent residents of countries not subject
       to such sanctions; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury
       Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked
       Persons or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders.
       By agreeing to this Agreement, you agree to the foregoing and
       represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the
       control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any
       such list and that you will not share the SEMrush Items with anyone
       whose status is described in items (i) and (ii) above.
    9. GENERAL PROVISIONS
         1. Assignment. This Agreement, any part thereof or any rights or
            obligations under it may not be novated, assigned, outsourced
            or transferred by you without our advance written consent, but
            may be assigned by us without restriction or limitations. Any
            assignment or transfer in violation of the aforementioned
            provisions shall be deemed null and void. Subject to the
            forgoing, the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding
            upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
            respective successors and assigns.
         2. Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for failing or delaying
            performance of our obligations resulting from any condition
            beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to,
            use of third parties’ equipment or services, communications
            failure, governmental action, war, acts of terrorism,
            earthquake, fire, flood or other acts of God, labor
            conditions, power failures, and Internet disturbances.
         3. Applicable SEMrush Company, Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
            Your country of residence determines which SEMrush entity you
            are contracting with for the Services.
              1. If your country of residence is the United States of
                 America, then you are contracting with Semrush, Inc., a
                 Delaware corporation, with entity number 4164033, and
                 this Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of
                 Pennsylvania, United States of America without reference
                 to conflicts of law principles. For agreements with
                 Semrush, Inc. the Agreement and all matters arising
                 therefrom and any dispute arising between the parties in
                 connection with this Agreement shall be governed and
                 construed in accordance with the laws of United States of
                 America and State of Pennsylvania notwithstanding the
                 conflict of law provisions thereof. The federal and/or
                 state courts in the State of Pennsylvania, as applicable,
                 shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any legal
                 proceedings resulting or connected with this Agreement,
                 and the User hereby irrevocably submits to such exclusive
                 jurisdiction. However, this shall not prevent us from
                 bringing any action in the court of any other
                 jurisdiction for injunctive or similar relief.
              2. If your country of residence is outside of the United
                 States of America, then you are contracting with Semrush
                 CY Ltd, a company organized under the laws of the
                 Republic of Cyprus, with registration number НЕ 324428,
                 and this Agreement is governed by the laws of Sweden
                 without reference to conflicts of law principles. The
                 parties agree that the provisions of the United Nations
                 Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
                 Goods do not apply to this Agreement. Any dispute,
                 controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with
                 this Agreement, or the breach, termination or invalidity
                 thereof, shall be finally settled by arbitration in
                 accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Arbitration
                 Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce. The
                 arbitral shall be composed of a sole arbitrator, the seat
                 is Stockholm and language English.
         4. Electronic Notices. You agree to receive communications from
            us in an electronic form. Electronic notices will be delivered
            to your email address, which you used for registration
            purposes, as it may be subsequently changed by you by written
            notice to us. All communications in electronic format will be
            considered to be “in writing” and to have been received on the
            day that we send them. We reserve the right, but assume no
            obligation, to provide communications in paper format.
         5. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Privacy
            Policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and
            SEMrush concerning your use of the Website and the Services.
            However, terms and conditions of some other SEMrush services
            and products, like our Blog, affiliate program BeRush, our
            Webinars, SEOquake toolbar for browsers and other, may impose
            additional terms, which can be found in the terms and
            conditions for such services and products.
         6. Languages. This Agreement is in the English language, which
            prevails over any translations of it to other languages, made
            by us and provided to you for your convenience, as applicable.
            The Service is designed in the English language and its
            translations into other languages may contain inaccuracies for
            which we shall not bear any responsibility; we suggest using
            the English version and resorting to versions in other
            languages only for references and at your own risk. You also
            agree to have all communications with us in English.
         7. No Waiver. No failure or delay by a party to exercise any
            right or remedy provided under this Agreement or by law shall
            constitute a waiver of that (or any other) right or remedy,
            nor preclude or restrict its further exercise. No single or
            partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or
            restrict the further exercise of that (or any other) right or
            remedy; and will not be construed as a waiver of any
            subsequent breach or default under the same or any other
            provision of this Agreement.
         8. Severability. All the provisions of this Agreement are
            distinct and severable. If any provision of this Agreement (or
            part of any provision) is found by any court or other
            authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
            unenforceable or illegal, this shall not impair the operation
            of this Agreement or affect the other provisions which are
            valid.
   10. PRIVACY
       Use of the Services is also governed by our Privacy Policy, the
       provisions of which are adopted herein by reference so when we
       refer to this Agreement we also refer to the Privacy Policy.
   11. CONTACTS
       We are always available to be reached by phone at +1-800-815-9959,
       or by e-mail at [email protected].

   Last updated: April 5, 2019

   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   (BUTTON)
   Change language
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   Get started with SEMrush! or see our plans & pricing


    USA, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 2475, Boston, MA 02199

   [email protected]

   SEMrush
     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Success Stories
     * Stats and Facts
     * Data Studies
     * News
     * Custom Report
     * Partners
     * About Us
     * Contact Us

   Help
     * Knowledge Base
     * Academy
     * SEMrush API

   Community
     * SEMrush Blog
     * Webinars
     * Events

   Our products
     * Analytics Reports
     * Projects
     * Affiliate Program
     * SEOquake
     * Sensor
     * Marketplace

   Legal info
     * Terms Of Use
     * Refund Policy
     * Cancellation Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Content Policy

   Follow us
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Instagram
     * YouTube

   Language
     * (en) English
     * (es) Español
     * (de) Deutsch
     * (fr) Français
     * (it) Italiano
     * (pt) Português (Brasil)
     * (ru) Русский
     * (zh) 中文
     * (ja) 日本語

   © 2008 - 2019 SEMrush. All rights reserved.

   We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using this
   website you agree with our cookie policy.
   (BUTTON) I accept cookies
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5K82J2

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PP7RKT7

   Your browser is out of date. The site might not be displayed correctly.
   Please update your browser.

   Features Pricing Help News   Academy Community
   Company
   About Us Careers Success Stories Data Studies Affiliate Program
   Contacts Stats and Facts
   Marketplace
   (BUTTON)
   Menu
   Features
   Pricing
   Help
   News
   Academy
   Community
   (BUTTON)
   Company
   About Us Careers Success Stories Data Studies Affiliate Program
   Contacts Stats and Facts
   Marketplace
   EN
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   (BUTTON) Log In Sign Up

SEMrush
Privacy Policy

   This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, process, and
   disclose your information, including personal information, when you use
   the Services.

   This Privacy Policy is subject to the Terms and Conditions, available
   for review here.

   If you see an undefined term in this Privacy Policy, it has the same
   definition as in our Terms and Conditions.

   When this Privacy Policy mentions "SEMrush", "we", "us", or "our" it
   refers to the SEMrush company that is responsible for your information
   under this Privacy Policy (the "Data Controller").
     * If your country of residence is the United States the Data
       Controller is Semrush, Inc.
     * If your country of residence is outside of the United States the
       Data Controller is SEMRUSH CY LTD.

   SEMrush provides Services to individuals as well as to legal entities.
   SEMrush may be Data Processor or Data Controller and Data Processor
   simultaneously. If SEMrush is a Data Processor it processes the
   personal data in accordance with the Data Processing Agreement.

   If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not access or use our
   Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
    1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
       There are two general categories of information we collect.
         1. Information you provide us while using the Services
              1. Information that is necessary for the use of the
                 Services.
                 We ask for and collect the following personal information
                 about you when you use the Services:
                    # Account Information. When you sign up for the
                      Services you create a user account ("SEMrush
                      Account"), we require certain information such as
                      your first name, last name and email address.
                    # Phone information. If you use our promo codes we
                      require to provide us with your phone number.
                    # Affiliate information. If you participate in our
                      Affiliate program we require to provide us with
                      personal information (such as first name, last name,
                      billing information) to fulfil our legal obligations
                      to you. We also require to provide us with filled
                      tax forms to fulfil our fiscal obligations due to
                      the contract relationship between you and us.
                    # Identity Verification Information. To help create
                      and maintain a trusted environment, we collect
                      identity verification information (such as images of
                      your passport, national ID card) or other
                      authentication information.
                    # Payment Information. To use certain features of the
                      Services (Paid Services) we require you to provide
                      certain financial information (like your bank
                      account or credit card information) in order to
                      facilitate the processing of payment.
                    # Information you provide through our support
                      channels. The Services also include customer
                      support, where you may send any question regarding
                      the Services. If you speak to one of our
                      representatives directly, by email or otherwise
                      engage with our support team, you will be asked to
                      provide contact information, a summary of the
                      problem and any other information that would be
                      helpful in resolving the issue.
                 This information is necessary for the adequate
                 performance of the contract between you and us and to
                 allow us to comply with our legal obligations. Without
                 it, we may not be able to provide you with all the
                 requested services (including use of the Services itself,
                 our Blog, participation in our webinars, events, being
                 our Affiliate).
                 We retain your account information until you delete your
                 SEMrush Account. We also retain some of your information,
                 which is anonymised, as necessary to comply with our
                 legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our
                 agreements, to support business operations and to
                 continue to develop and improve the Services. Where we
                 retain information for Service improvement and
                 development, we take steps to eliminate information that
                 directly identifies you, and we only use the information
                 to uncover collective insights about the use of our
                 Services, not to specifically analyze personal
                 characteristics about you.
              2. You may provide us with the following information:
                 You may choose to provide us with additional personal
                 information in order to obtain a better user experience
                 when using the Services. This additional information will
                 be processed based on your consent.
                    # Additional Profile Information. You may choose to
                      provide additional information as part of your
                      SEMrush Account (such as your job title, name of
                      your employer, phone number (except when we require
                      your phone number to use promo code by your)).
                    # Other Information. If you use our Blog or another
                      content or would like to participate in our webinars
                      we can ask you to provide us with some information
                      (such as your name, job title, your photo or other
                      information). By posting any information on our
                      website you acknowledge and agree that the data you
                      fill in during the subscription process on our
                      website or any time later creates your public
                      profile (hereinafter "Public Profile"). You
                      acknowledge and agree that the information that you
                      provide in your Public Profile would be visible to
                      the others.
                      Some of our Services require provision of contact
                      information such as email address or phone number.
                      This information is necessary to provide you these
                      Services. Please note that you are responsible for
                      receiving consent if you use these Services on
                      behalf of other person.
                      Some of our Services may require to provide an
                      access to your profile in social networks (such as
                      Facebook, Twitter, etc.). You are the only person
                      who decides if you would like to provide this
                      access. You can revoke this access in your social
                      network’s profile any time.
              3. If you use our Paid Services we need the following
                 information:
                 We need to collect the following information, as it is
                 necessary for the adequate performance of the contract
                 with you and to comply with applicable law (such as
                 anti-money laundering regulations). Without it, you will
                 not be able to use our Paid Services:
                    # Payment Information. When you use the Paid Services,
                      we require certain financial information (like your
                      credit card information) in order to process
                      payments and comply with applicable law.
                    # Identity Verification and Other Information. In some
                      cases (for example if you request to refund fees you
                      paid) we may ask to provide us the following
                      information: your billing information (name,
                      transaction ID, last 4 digits of the credit card
                      associated with the account, billing date, etc.),
                      email address, login name. We also may require to
                      provide us with identity verification information
                      (such as images of your passport, national ID card)
                      or other authentication information in order to
                      verify your identity, provide the Paid Services to
                      you, and to comply with applicable law.
         2. Automatically collected information from your use of the
            Services.
            When you use the Services, we automatically collect
            information, including personal information, about the
            services you use and how you use them. This information is
            necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between
            you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and
            given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and
            improve the functionalities of the Services.
               o Device and Connection Information. We collect information
                 about your computer or other devices you use to access
                 the Services. This device information includes your
                 connection type and settings when you install, access,
                 update, or use our Services. We also collect information
                 through your device about your operating system, browser
                 type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages. We use
                 your IP address and/or country preference in order to
                 approximate your location to provide you with a better
                 Service experience and to fulfil our legal and fiscal
                 obligations.
               o Cookies and Similar Technologies. We use cookies and
                 other similar technologies. For more information on our
                 use of these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
               o Payment Transaction Information. SEMrush may collect
                 information related to your payment transactions through
                 the Services, including the product name, type of payment
                 instrument used, date and time, payment amount, tax
                 amount, credit card number, credit card expiration date,
                 card holder name (if provided), card verification
                 value/code and billing details: first name, last name,
                 phone, address, country, state, city, postal code, and
                 other details connected with transactions.
               o Third-Party Widgets. Some of our Services contain widgets
                 and social media features, such as the Facebook button.
                 You are the only person who decides if you would like to
                 press this button and share your personal data. These
                 widgets and features collect your IP address, the
                 information about the page you are visiting during your
                 use of the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the
                 feature to function properly. Widgets and social media
                 features are either hosted by a third party or hosted
                 directly on our Services. Your interactions with these
                 features are governed by the privacy policy of the
                 company providing it.
    2. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
       We use, store, and process information, including personal
       information, about you to provide, improve, and develop the
       Services, create and maintain a trusted and safer environment and
       comply with our legal obligations.
         1. To provide, improve, and develop the Services.
               o Enable you to access and use the Services.
               o Operate, protect, improve, and optimize the Services and
                 experience, such as by performing analytics and
                 conducting research. Subject to our contract with you we
                 process this information either manually or by computer.
               o Provide customer service: to resolve technical issues you
                 meet, to respond to your requests for assistance, to
                 analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the
                 Services.
               o Send you service or support messages, updates, security
                 alerts, and account notifications.
               o If you provide us with your contacts’ information, we may
                 process this information: (i) for fraud detection and
                 prevention, and (ii) for any purpose you authorize at the
                 time of collection.
            We process this information given our legitimate interest in
            improving the Services, and where it is necessary for the
            adequate performance of the contract with you.
         2. To create and maintain a trusted and safer environment.
               o Detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security
                 incidents, and other harmful activity.
               o Conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
               o Verify or authenticate information or identifications
                 provided by you (such as to verify your ID).
               o Comply with our legal obligations.
               o Resolve any disputes and enforce our agreements with
                 third parties.
               o Enforce our Terms and Conditions and other policies.
            We process this information given our legitimate interest in
            protecting the Services, to measure the adequate performance
            of our contract with you, and to comply with applicable laws.
         3. To provide, personalize, and improve our advertising and
            marketing.
               o Send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising,
                 and other information that may be interested to you based
                 on your preferences (including information about SEMrush
                 campaigns and services) and social media advertising
                 through social media platforms (such as Facebook or
                 Google).
               o Personalize, measure, and improve our advertising.
            We will process your personal information for the purposes
            listed in this section given our legitimate interest in
            undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or
            services that may be of your interest. You can opt-out of
            receiving marketing communications from us by following the
            unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing
            communications or changing your notification settings within
            your SEMrush Account.
         4. To provide and secure Paid Services.
               o Enable you to access and use the Paid Services.
               o Detect and prevent fraud, abuse, security incidents, and
                 other harmful activity.
               o Conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
               o Comply with legal obligations (such as anti-money
                 laundering regulations).
               o Enforce payment policies.
               o With your consent, send you promotional messages,
                 marketing, advertising, and other information that may be
                 interested to you based on your choice.
            We process this information given our legitimate interest in
            improving the Paid Services, and where it is necessary for the
            adequate performance of the contract with you and to comply
            with applicable laws.
    3. SHARING & DISCLOSURE
       We collect information globally and store that information in the
       EU and the United States. We transfer, process and store your
       information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or
       our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of
       providing you the Services. Whenever we transfer your information,
       we take steps to protect it.
         1. If you give us a consent
            Where you have provided consent, we share your information,
            including personal information, as described at the time of
            consent, such as when you participate in promotional
            activities conducted by SEMrush partners or third parties, for
            example during conferences.
            We share your billing information with any third party who
            provide us with processing services.
         2. In order to comply with the law, respond to legal requests,
            prevent harm and protect our rights.
            SEMrush may disclose your information, including personal
            information, to courts, law enforcement or governmental
            authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent
            we are required or permitted to do so by law or if such
            disclosure is reasonably necessary: (i) comply with our legal
            obligations, (ii) to comply with legal process, (iii) to
            respond to verified requests relating to a criminal
            investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any
            other activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our
            users to legal liability, (iv) to protect the rights, property
            or personal safety of SEMrush, its employees, or members of
            the public.
            Where appropriate, we may notify you about legal requests
            unless: (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal
            process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable
            law, or (ii) we believe that providing notice would be
            ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an
            individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud
            upon SEMrush’s property, its users and the Services. In
            instances where we comply with legal requests without notice
            for these reasons, we will attempt to notify you about the
            request after the fact where appropriate and where we
            determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from
            doing so.
         3. Service providers.
            SEMrush uses a variety of third party service providers to
            help us provide services related to the Services including
            Paid Services. Service providers may be located inside or
            outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). In particular,
            our service providers are based in Europe, Russia, Ukraine and
            North America. We ensure that this third service providers
            have an adequate security controls.
            For example, service providers may help us: (i) conduct
            background or police checks, fraud prevention, and risk
            assessment, (ii) perform product development, maintenance and
            debugging, (iii) allow the provision of the Services through
            third party platforms and software tools (e.g. through the
            integration with our APIs), or (iv) provide customer service,
            advertising, or payments services. These providers have
            limited access to your information to perform these tasks on
            our behalf, and are contractually bound to protect and to use
            it only for the purposes for which it was disclosed and
            consistent with this Privacy Policy.
            SEMrush will need to share your information, including
            personal information, in order to ensure the adequate
            performance of our contract with you.
         4. Corporate affiliates.
            We may share your information, including personal information,
            with our corporate affiliates in order to support, integrate,
            promote and improve the Services.
         5. Social networking websites.
            Where permissible according to applicable law we may use
            certain limited personal information about you, such as your
            email address, to hash it and to share it with social network
            websites, such as Facebook or Google, to generate leads, drive
            traffic to our websites or otherwise promote our products or
            Services. These processing activities are based on our
            legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to
            offer you products or services that may be interested to you.
            The social network websites with which we may share your
            personal data are not controlled or supervised by us.
            Therefore, any questions regarding how your social network
            websites service provider processes your personal data should
            be directed to such provider.
            Please note that you may, at any time ask SEMrush to cease
            processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by
            sending an e-mail to [email protected].
         6. Aggregated data
            We may also share aggregated information (information about
            our users that we combine together so that it no longer
            identifies or references an individual user) and other
            anonymized information for regulatory compliance, industry and
            market analysis marketing and advertising, and other business
            purposes.
            We also may use this information for research and development.
       We will never sell your Personal Data to any third party.
    4. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
         1. Analyzing your communications.
            We may review, scan, or analyze your communications on the
            Services for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory
            compliance, investigation, product development, research, and
            customer support purposes. For example, as part of our fraud
            prevention efforts, we scan and analyze messages to mask
            contact information and references to other websites. In some
            cases, we may also scan, review, or analyze messages to debug,
            improve, and expand product offerings. We use automated
            methods where reasonably possible. However, occasionally we
            may need to manually review some communications, such as for
            fraud investigations and customer support, or to assess and
            improve the functionality of these automated tools. We will
            not review, scan, or analyze your communications to send third
            party marketing messages to you, and we will not sell reviews
            or analyses of these communications.
            These activities are carried out based on our legitimate
            interest in ensuring compliance with applicable laws and our
            Terms and Conditions, preventing fraud, promoting safety, and
            improving and ensuring the adequate performance of the
            Services.
         2. Google Analytics and Google Adwords
            Parts of the Services use Google Analytics and Google Adwords.
            Use of Google Analytics and Google Adwords is subject to
            Google Privacy Policy, AdWords Terms & Conditions and Google
            Analitycs Terms of Services.
         3. Mailbox integration
            Mailbox integration means an integration of SEMrush tools with
            Gmail and/or Microsoft (Outlook, Exchange Online, Office365)
            accounts (jointly and individually referred to as “Mailbox
            account”) via API.
            Some of our tools may ask your permission to integrate your
            Mailbox account with.
            In order to enhance your removal requests or outreach emails
            experience for your productivity and monitoring purposes you
            can grant us access to your Mailbox account via API only if
            you voluntarily decide to give us the permission to integrate
            our tools with your mail account and to choose which email
            account you would like to connect with our tools.
            Due to this integration:
               o you will be able to compose, send, read and process
                 outreach email via a tool’s interface;
               o you will be able to send removal requests regarding
                 backlink(s) which looks unnatural or harmful via a tool’s
                 interface;
               o we will provide you with the information related to your
                 emails sent via tool’s interface. We will show you if
                 your emails were received, opened, if there any replies
                 to your emails. We will demonstrate you replies to your
                 email via our tool interface.
            After the integration we will be able to store in our database
            in the encrypted way the following information related only to
            outreach emails sent by user via tool interface:
               o Initial email’s subject and body text;
               o Replies email’s subject and body text;
               o API token;
               o Thread and message ids;
               o Recipient(s) and sender of emails;
               o Metadata: time/day of email sending, delivering, opening,
                 replying, email status.
            Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we will use
            the data received via Mailbox integration only to provide you
            with the features mentioned above in order to enhance your
            email experience for productivity purposes and for monitoring
            purposes. We may also transfer data received via Mailbox
            integration as necessary to comply with applicable law or as a
            part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets with notice
            to users. All other transfers or sales of the user data
            received via Mailbox integration are prohibited.
            We will not use the data received via Mailbox integration for
            any other purposes except providing you with services inside
            of our tools, specifically we will not use the data received
            via Mailbox integration for any advertising purposes,
            including retargeting, personalized or internet-based
            advertising.
            All the data received via Mailbox integration will be
            processed only at the software level.
            We will allow a person to read the data received via Mailbox
            integration only if:
               o You first give us affirmative agreement for specific
                 messages;
               o It is necessary for security purposes (such as
                 investigating a bug or abuse);
               o It is necessary to comply with applicable law; or
               o Our use is limited to internal operations and the data
                 received via Mailbox integration (including derivations)
                 have been aggregated and anonymized.
            You can revoke your permission and access to your Mailbox
            account at any time by clicking the “bin” icon next to the
            mailbox mention inside the tool. You can delete all your
            previous emails available due to the integration by deleting
            the project in the tool during the revocation process, or
            sending us the relevant request. As soon as you revoke the
            access we will remove your Mailbox token which allowed us to
            carry out the functions mentioned above and stop monitoring
            your emails immediately.
            For the purposes of this clause the data received via Mailbox
            integration means the raw data, aggregated data, anonymized
            data or derived data.
            In a case of any conflict between the terms of this clause and
            terms of the Privacy Policy, the provisions of the clause 4.3.
            Mailbox integrations regarding the data received via Mailbox
            integration shall prevail.
    5. YOUR RIGHTS
       You may exercise any of the rights described in this section by
       sending an email to [email protected]. Please note that we may ask
       you to verify your identity before taking further action on your
       request.
         1. Managing your information.
            You may access and update some of your information through
            your SEMrush Account settings or sending request to
            [email protected].
         2. Rectification of inaccurate or incomplete information.
            You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or
            incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you
            cannot update yourself within your SEMrush Account).
         3. Data access and portability.
            If it is applicable under the legislation in your
            jurisdictions you may request copies of your personal
            information held by us. You may also be entitled to request
            copies of personal information that you have provided to us in
            a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format
            and/or request us to transmit this information to another
            service provider (where technically feasible).
         4. Data retention and erasure.
            We generally retain your personal information for as long as
            is necessary for the performance of the contract between you
            and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no
            longer want us to use your information during the provision of
            the Services to you, you can request that we erase your
            personal information and close your SEMrush Account. In this
            case your information will be erased within 72 (seventy two)
            hours. Please note that if you request the erasure of your
            personal information:
               o We may retain some of your personal information as
                 necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as
                 fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety
                 within 7 (seven) years in accordance with applicable
                 legislation.
               o We may retain and use your personal information to the
                 extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
                 For example, we may keep some of your information for
                 tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations within 7
                 (seven) years in accordance with applicable legislation.
               o Information you have shared with others (e.g., posts in
                 our Blog) may continue to be publicly visible in our
                 Blog. Additionally, some copies of your information
                 (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are
                 disassociated from personal identifiers. Please be
                 informed that if you directly disclose any information
                 through our Blog, this information may be collected and
                 used by third parties. We will correct or delete any
                 information you have posted in our Blog if you request to
                 do so.
               o Because we maintain the Services to protect from
                 accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual
                 copies of your personal information may not be removed
                 from our backup systems for a limited period of time (no
                 more then 3 months).
         5. Withdrawing consent and restriction of processing.
            Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your
            personal information by SEMrush you may withdraw your consent
            at any time by changing your SEMrush Account settings or by
            sending us notification specifying which consent you are
            withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent
            does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities
            based on such consent before its withdrawal. Additionally, in
            some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to
            limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in
            particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal
            information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose
            the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer
            need your personal information for the purposes of the
            processing, but you require the information for the
            establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv)
            you have objected to the processing pursuant to Section 5.6
            and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of
            SEMrush override your own.
         6. Objection to processing.
            If it is applicable under the legislation in your
            jurisdictions you may require us not to process your personal
            information for certain specific purposes (including
            profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate
            interest. If you object to such processing we will no longer
            process your personal information for these purposes unless we
            can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such
            processing or such processing is required for the
            establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
            Where your personal information is processed for direct
            marketing purposes, you may, at any time ask us to cease
            processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by
            sending an e-mail to [email protected] or changing settings in
            SEMrush Account.
         7. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
            Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial
            remedy, you shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a
            supervisory authority, in particular in the country of your
            habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged
            infringement if you consider that we are in a breach of the
            processing of personal data relating to you.
    6. WE OPERATE GLOBALLY
       To facilitate our global operations we may transfer, store, and
       process your information within our family of companies or with
       service providers based in Europe, the Russian Federation and North
       America. Laws in these countries may differ from the laws
       applicable to your country of residence. For example, information
       collected within the EEA may be transferred, stored, and processed
       outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this Privacy
       Policy. Where we transfer store, and process your personal
       information outside of the EEA we have ensured that appropriate
       safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of data
       protection.
       Prior to sharing your information with corporate affiliate or third
       party service providers outside the EEA we establish all the
       necessary means to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
    7. SECURITY
       We are continuously implementing and updating administrative,
       technical, and physical security measures to help protect your
       information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or
       alteration. Some of the safeguards we use to protect your
       information are as follows
          + Limited access to the production database at the network level
          + Limited access to the production database at the process/users
            level
          + Password policy for access to the production database
          + Data transfer encryption
          + Data encryption in the database (for card data and
            authentication credentials)
          + WAF (Web Application Firewall)
          + DDoS protection
          + Internal password change policies
          + PCI DSS compliance
          + Logging of actions and log analysis
          + Antiviruses on admins workstations
       If you know or suppose that your Personal Data have been lost,
       stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any
       actual or suspected unauthorized use of your SEMrush Account,
       please contact us by email at [email protected].
    8. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
       The Services are not directed to individuals under 18. We do not
       knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If
       we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal
       information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you
       become aware that a child has provided us with personal
       information, please contact our support services.
    9. CHANGES
       We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time in
       accordance with this clause. If we make changes to this Privacy
       Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy at our website and
       will indicate the date of updating.
   10. CONTACT US
       If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy,
       you may contact us by email at [email protected]

   Effective Date: May 31, 2019

   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   (BUTTON)
   Change language
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   Get started with SEMrush! or see our plans & pricing


    USA, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 2475, Boston, MA 02199

   [email protected]

   SEMrush
     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Success Stories
     * Stats and Facts
     * Data Studies
     * News
     * Custom Report
     * Partners
     * About Us
     * Contact Us

   Help
     * Knowledge Base
     * Academy
     * SEMrush API

   Community
     * SEMrush Blog
     * Webinars
     * Events

   Our products
     * Analytics Reports
     * Projects
     * Affiliate Program
     * SEOquake
     * Sensor
     * Marketplace

   Legal info
     * Terms Of Use
     * Refund Policy
     * Cancellation Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Content Policy

   Follow us
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Instagram
     * YouTube

   Language
     * (en) English
     * (es) Español
     * (de) Deutsch
     * (fr) Français
     * (it) Italiano
     * (pt) Português (Brasil)
     * (ru) Русский
     * (zh) 中文
     * (ja) 日本語

   © 2008 - 2019 SEMrush. All rights reserved.

   We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using this
   website you agree with our cookie policy.
   (BUTTON) I accept cookies
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5K82J2

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PP7RKT7

   Your browser is out of date. The site might not be displayed correctly.
   Please update your browser.

   Features Pricing Help News   Academy Community
   Company
   About Us Careers Success Stories Data Studies Affiliate Program
   Contacts Stats and Facts
   Marketplace
   (BUTTON)
   Menu
   Features
   Pricing
   Help
   News
   Academy
   Community
   (BUTTON)
   Company
   About Us Careers Success Stories Data Studies Affiliate Program
   Contacts Stats and Facts
   Marketplace
   EN
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   (BUTTON) Log In Sign Up

   Dashboard
   Domain Analytics
   Overview Organic Research Backlinks Advertising Research PLA Research
   Display Advertising Traffic Analytics
     __________________________________________________________________

   Ranks Domain vs. Domain Charts
   Keyword Analytics
   Overview Keyword Magic Tool Ad History Keyword Difficulty
   Projects
   Marketing Insights
   Traffic Analytics Market Explorer Traffic Rank
   Gap Analysis
   Keyword Gap Backlink Gap Bulk Analysis
   Topic Research SEO Content Template SEO Writing Assistant Lead
   Generation Tool Listing Management CPC Map
   My Reports
   Report List Create Custom PDF Report

   Management
   My Reports
   Create Custom PDF Report
   Projects
   Lead Generation Tool
   Marketing Calendar
   Notes
   Online demo SEOquake for your browser Join our Affiliate Program Order
   custom database or report Have you seen our new customizable API
   format? Sensor
   (BUTTON)

   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   (BUTTON)
   Change language
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   Get started with SEMrush! or see our plans & pricing


    USA, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 2475, Boston, MA 02199

   [email protected]

   SEMrush
     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Success Stories
     * Stats and Facts
     * Data Studies
     * News
     * Custom Report
     * Partners
     * About Us
     * Contact Us

   Help
     * Knowledge Base
     * Academy
     * SEMrush API

   Community
     * SEMrush Blog
     * Webinars
     * Events

   Our products
     * Analytics Reports
     * Projects
     * Affiliate Program
     * SEOquake
     * Sensor
     * Marketplace

   Legal info
     * Terms Of Use
     * Refund Policy
     * Cancellation Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Content Policy

   Follow us
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Instagram
     * YouTube

   Language
     * (en) English
     * (es) Español
     * (de) Deutsch
     * (fr) Français
     * (it) Italiano
     * (pt) Português (Brasil)
     * (ru) Русский
     * (zh) 中文
     * (ja) 日本語

   © 2008 - 2019 SEMrush. All rights reserved.

   We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using this
   website you agree with our cookie policy.
   (BUTTON) I accept cookies
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5K82J2

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PP7RKT7

   Your browser is out of date. The site might not be displayed correctly.
   Please update your browser.

   Menu
   Pricing Features Contact Us

Where Good Marketers Become Great

   Join > 4 000 000 SEMrush users

   Analyze data on more than 580 million domains and >14 billion keywords

   Uncover your competitors' organic search, paid, content, PR, and social
   media strategies

   Find the most profitable keywords for your website
   (BUTTON) Get 7-day trial

All-in-one online visibility and content marketing suite

   SEO

   Complete workflow for any SEO professional:
     * Technical SEO Audit
     * Semantic core collection
     * Position tracking
     * Ideas for gaining more organic traffic
     * Competitive intelligence
     * "Not provided" problem solution
     * Backlinks audit and analytics

   Paid Traffic

   Improve the results of your PPC efforts:
     * Competition analysis (search and GDN campaigns)
     * Ad keywords and creatives research
     * Keyword grouping and management
     * Negatives optimization
     * Google Shopping campaign analysis
     * Benchmarks of PPC costs at a local level

   Social Media

   Build your most effective social media strategy:
     * See how your audience and engagement change over time
     * Uncover your competitors’ social strategies
     * Compare your social performance to your competitors’
     * Discover the best-performing posts in each social network
     * Schedule and post to 5 social networks from one place
     * Social automation features (UTM builder, link shortener, image
       editor)
     * Chrome extension available

   Content & PR

   Create content that drives excellent marketing results:
     * Discover what topics and headlines engage your audience
     * Create an editorial plan and share it with your colleagues
     * Get a tailored template to write performing content
     * Check in real time how good your texts are optimized for search
       engines
     * Find the most relevant industry blogs/media for distribution
     * Audit all your content assets to find out what performs well and
       what requires improvement
     * Evaluate the impact of your content in terms of social shares,
       organic positions and referral traffic

   Market Research

   Market insights and competitors’ strategies overview:
     * Spot new opportunities for growth
     * Explore any company’s web traffic and visitor engagement
     * Get data for sales prospecting and lead evaluation
     * Understand new market to the fullest
     * Uncover the most effective digital marketing strategies

   35
   tools
   18
   trillion backlinks
   14
   billion keywords
   142
   geo databases
   580
   million domains
   (BUTTON) Get 7-day trial

   Pricing Features Contact Us
   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   (BUTTON) Change language
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus


    USA, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 2475, Boston, MA 02199

   [email protected]
   © 2008 - 2019 SEMrush. All rights reserved.

   We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using this
   website you agree with our cookie policy.
   (BUTTON) I accept cookies
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5K82J2

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PP7RKT7

   Your browser is out of date. The site might not be displayed correctly.
   Please update your browser.

   Features Pricing Help News   Academy Community
   Company
   About Us Careers Success Stories Data Studies Affiliate Program
   Contacts Stats and Facts
   Marketplace
   (BUTTON)
   Menu
   Features
   Pricing
   Help
   News
   Academy
   Community
   (BUTTON)
   Company
   About Us Careers Success Stories Data Studies Affiliate Program
   Contacts Stats and Facts
   Marketplace
   EN
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   (BUTTON) Log In Sign Up

All-in-one Marketing Toolkit

   for digital marketing professionals
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Start now
   Trusted by

See what's inside

Complete workflow for any SEO professional

     * Technical SEO Audit
     * Semantic core collection
     * Position tracking
     * Ideas for gaining more organic traffic
     * Competitive intelligence
     * "Not provided" problem solution
     * Backlinks audit and analytics

   Try SEO Toolkit
   SEO

Improve the results of your PPC efforts

     * Competition analysis (search and GDN campaigns)
     * Ad keywords and creatives research
     * Keyword grouping and management
     * Negatives optimization
     * Google Shopping campaign analysis
     * Benchmarks of PPC costs at a local level

   Try Advertising Toolkit
   Paid Traffic

Build your most effective social media strategy

     * Uncover your competitors’ social strategies
     * Benchmark your social performance
     * Spot the best-performing content
     * Schedule and post to five social networks
     * Increase your Facebook reach with post booster
     * Built-in image editor, link shortener & UTM builder
     * Chrome extension available

   Try Social Media Toolkit
   Social Media

Create content that drives excellent marketing results

     * Instant analysis of content performance just in a few clicks
     * Trending topic ideas for your articles
     * Shared editorial calendar for all your team members
     * Content optimization for search engines on the go
     * Analysis of your brand presence in the web and social media

   Try Content Marketing Toolkit
   Content & PR

Market insights and competitors’ strategies overview

     * Spot new opportunities for growth
     * Explore any company’s web traffic and visitor engagement
     * Get data for sales prospecting and lead evaluation
     * Understand new market to the fullest
     * Uncover the most effective digital marketing strategies

   Try Competitive Research Toolkit
   Market Research
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   SEO

Complete workflow for any SEO professional

     * Technical SEO Audit
     * Semantic core collection
     * Position tracking
     * Ideas for gaining more organic traffic
     * Competitive intelligence
     * "Not provided" problem solution
     * Backlinks audit and analytics

   (BUTTON) Show more
   Try SEO Toolkit
   SEO
   Paid Traffic

Improve the results of your PPC efforts

     * Competition analysis (search and GDN campaigns)
     * Ad keywords and creatives research
     * Keyword grouping and management
     * Negatives optimization
     * Google Shopping campaign analysis
     * Benchmarks of PPC costs at a local level

   (BUTTON) Show more
   Try Advertising Toolkit
   Paid Traffic
   Social Media

Build your most effective social media strategy

     * Uncover your competitors’ social strategies
     * Benchmark your social performance
     * Spot the best-performing content
     * Schedule and post to five social networks
     * Increase your Facebook reach with post booster
     * Built-in image editor, link shortener & UTM builder
     * Chrome extension available

   (BUTTON) Show more
   Try Social Media Toolkit
   Social Media
   Content & PR

Create content that drives excellent marketing results

     * Discover what topics and headlines engage your audience
     * Create an editorial plan and share it with your colleagues
     * Get a tailored template to write performing content
     * Check in real time how good your texts are optimized for search
       engines
     * Find the most relevant industry blogs/media for distribution
     * Audit all your content assets to find out what performs well and
       what requires improvement
     * Evaluate the impact of your content in terms of social shares,
       organic positions and referral traffic

   (BUTTON) Show more
   Try Content Marketing Toolkit
   Content & PR
   Market Research

Market insights and competitors’ strategies overview

     * Spot new opportunities for growth
     * Explore any company’s web traffic and visitor engagement
     * Get data for sales prospecting and lead evaluation
     * Understand new market to the fullest
     * Uncover the most effective digital marketing strategies

   (BUTTON) Show more
   Try Competitive Research Toolkit
   Market Research
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)

SEMrush solutions

   For E-commerce
   For E-commerce
   All-in-one solution to boost your online-store. From SEO to SMM,
   SEMrush helps you drive more sales. Find out how to get more traffic
   with paid and organic search, build a brand and manage your marketing
   team work.
   Learn more
   For Enterprise
   For Enterprise
   At SEMrush, we’re happy to support your boldest business dreams with
   data. If you’re looking for an expanded geo database, an industry
   specific database, a niche marketing report – we can fit all the
   marketing needs of your business.
   Learn more
   SEMrush in figures
   We are proud of our work and our results. By accumulating and
   processing large volumes of data, we aim to provide our clients with
   the best product, which is now used by over 4 million marketing
   specialists worldwide.
   4
   million users
   14
   billion keywords
   140
   geo databases
   580
   million domains
   Learn more ⟶

Join our happy clients

   World's leading companies choose SEMrush.
   We have over 4,000,000 users. See what they have to say.
   ebay

   SEMrush not only helps you perform day-to-day tasks, but also provides
   in-depth analysis that is very clear and can be easily incorporated
   into your digital marketing strategy and significantly improve your
   performance.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Umit Yilmaz
   SEO Engineer at Ebay.com
   Overstock

   With SEMrush we are able to identify opportunities and react to them in
   less time by having a trusted source of data that is extremely easy for
   the whole team to access.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Kenyon Manu
   Director of Search at Overstock.com
   SEO Book

   SEMrush has long been one of my favorite SEO tools.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Aaron Wall
   Founder at Seobook.com

Boost your digital marketing efforts

   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   (BUTTON)
   Change language
   (en) English (es) Español (de) Deutsch (fr) Français (it) Italiano (pt)
   Português (Brasil) (ru) Русский (zh) 中文 (ja) 日本語
   United Kingdom
   United Kingdom
   Spain
   France
   Italia
   United States
   Canada
   Australia
   +44 (808) 1642570
   08:00 AM - 04:00 PM (GMT), Monday through Friday
   SEMRUSH CY LTD, Griva Digeni and Kolonakiou, Grosvenor Tower, 2nd and
   3rd floors, Neapoli, 3107, Limassol, Cyprus
   Get started with SEMrush! or see our plans & pricing


    USA, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 2475, Boston, MA 02199

   [email protected]

   SEMrush
     * Features
     * Pricing
     * Success Stories
     * Stats and Facts
     * Data Studies
     * News
     * Custom Report
     * Partners
     * About Us
     * Contact Us

   Help
     * Knowledge Base
     * Academy
     * SEMrush API

   Community
     * SEMrush Blog
     * Webinars
     * Events

   Our products
     * Analytics Reports
     * Projects
     * Affiliate Program
     * SEOquake
     * Sensor
     * Marketplace

   Legal info
     * Terms Of Use
     * Refund Policy
     * Cancellation Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Content Policy

   Follow us
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Instagram
     * YouTube

   Language
     * (en) English
     * (es) Español
     * (de) Deutsch
     * (fr) Français
     * (it) Italiano
     * (pt) Português (Brasil)
     * (ru) Русский
     * (zh) 中文
     * (ja) 日本語

   © 2008 - 2019 SEMrush. All rights reserved.

   We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using this
   website you agree with our cookie policy.
   (BUTTON) I accept cookies
