   #The Teacher's Prep - Atom The Teacher's Prep - RSS

The Teacher's Prep

   [Header.jpg] [1-1.jpg] [2-2.jpg] [3-3.jpg] [4%2BNEW.jpg] [5-5.jpg]
   [6-6.jpg]

Monday, March 5, 2018

Reflection Connection: March

   [March.jpg]
   Ah, March, how I love your warm days and the promises of Spring
   Break...but oh how I grumble at the thought of the busy testing season
   that lies ahead. In April the testing season begins in earnest, and no
   matter how confident I feel, there's still this little nagging voice
   that whispers, "Are we ready?" I think it's just latent testing anxiety
   that originated in my youth, but nevertheless, it persists. That brings
   us to our reflection of the month:
   Question: What anxiety are you feeling? What steps are you taking to
   find life's positive moments?
   My Response: At this point in the school year, any anxiety I'm feeling
   usually centers around the hectic schedule of testing and
   end-of-the-year activities. (Yes, I know it's only March, but the
   calendar is already starting to fill up and planning for class
   activities takes time!) Thankfully I have wonderfully supportive
   colleagues that share equally in the planning process and greatly
   reduce any anxiety I'm feeling. During the busy testing season, I also
   take time to stop and make sure my students know how proud I am of
   their work throughout the school year and try to create moments where
   we celebrate their accomplishments and growth. Above all, I make sure
   that my students see none of the stress I may be feeling. They are
   incredible individuals that work hard to succeed every day. I know that
   they already put pressure on themselves to succeed on the state tests -
   even when the adults around them reassure that all will be well. My
   goal for March is to make sure I find the time to celebrate the
   positive moments of each school day amidst the hectic schedule of the
   school year as it marches towards the lazy days of Spring Break and
   summer vacation.
   Now it's your turn! Share your response in the comments or write it in
   your own reflection journal.
   Posted by The Teacher's Prep at 4:00 AM 1 comment:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: classroom, journal, new teacher, Reflection Connection, school,
   Teaching

Monday, February 26, 2018

Ancient History Bell Ringers

   [Bell%2BRingers%2BCover%2B2.png]
   If you're anything like me, you want to find interesting ways to engage
   your students right when they walk into your classroom.
   When establishing my classroom routine at the beginning of the school
   year, I find that bell ringers are the perfect way to bridge the gap
   between transition times (movement between classes) and the start of
   our class activities.
   In my mind, a bell ringer should be relatively simple - a question or
   series of questions that prompts students to recall recent content,
   utilize previously learned skills to apply them to a new question or
   encourage them to think critically about a topic we've studied in
   class. I also want to ensure that the bell ringers are novel, engaging,
   yet consistent on a week-by-week basis. Whew! That's a tall order!
   In my quest to create such engaging, novel and consistent bell ringers
   for Ancient History classes, I decided on five different topics: Map
   Skills, Critical Thinking Skills, Vocabulary Terms, Quote of the Day
   and Growth Mindset. Thus, the Ancient History Bell Ringers resource was
   born!
   All of these resources are available in my store on Teachers Pay
   Teachers. Let's dive in!
   [Slide1.PNG]
   The purpose of the Map Skills Bell Ringers is to reinforce the map
   concepts that you've taught your students in class on particular
   ancient regions or even to be used to introduce the location of a
   region for the first time. I've used it both ways. If my students have
   completed a mapping activity the day or two before, I like to start
   class the next day with one of these bell ringers as a review. I've
   also used them on the first day of a new unit to encourage students to
   dive into our classroom resources to identify major land and water
   features on a map of the ancient civilization. Not all questions are
   map identification skills-based. Many others prompt students to think
   critically about the geography of a region and the impact the land had
   on the people who lived there.
   [Slide1.PNG]
   The Ancient History Vocabulary Bell Ringers are the perfect companion
   to the Ancient History Interactive Notebooks as they use key terms
   chosen from the concepts covered in the INBs! Of course, the vocabulary
   words aren't specific to those INBs and are based on typical concepts
   covered in Ancient Civilizations courses in middle school and can be
   used separately from them. On the days that I use these slides to
   introduce new vocabulary, students use the corresponding activity
   sheets to write the definition of the vocabulary word in their own
   words, draw a picture or symbol to represent the word and use the term
   in an original sentence. The more access and use students have of these
   new terms, the better they'll be able to grasp them and use them
   frequently within our unit.
   [Slide1.PNG]
   There were some very interesting, thoughtful and wise people who lived
   in ancient times! Each of the slides in the Quote of the Day Bell
   Ringers resource has a quote from a historical figure in ancient times.
   I love choosing a person that lived during the time we are studying in
   school and asking the students the prompts on the slide: "What does
   this quote mean? Do you agree or disagree? How does this quote relate
   to an event in history or in your own life?" Students respond to each
   of the questions on their activity sheet for the day and keep it with
   their other bell ringer activity sheets in their binder. It's a simple
   activity that prompts students to think critically and deeply about a
   historical quote. It also gives them an opportunity to make a personal
   connection of use higher order thinking skills to link it to a
   particular event in history.
   [Slide1.PNG]
   I LOVE critical thinking questions, don't you? Each slide in the
   Ancient History Think About It Bell Ringers resource poses a question
   that prompts students to think critically about a concept related to
   ancient civilizations. Some of my favorite questions are those that
   prompt students to imagine that they've traveled back in time to see or
   experience something. They love thinking about history as if it's alive
   around them! The response sheet for the days I use these questions asks
   them to summarize the question before responding. There's plenty of
   room on the response sheets for students to record their thoughts and I
   always ask some students to share their thoughts to the prompts.
   [Slide1.PNG]
   As much as I love constantly engaging my students in historical content
   in new ways, I also value time spent on self-reflection and goal
   setting. The Growth Mindset Bell Ringers are a perfect way to end the
   week. Each slide prompts students to take a few minutes to reflect,
   write, make goals, problem-solve and track their growth throughout the
   year.
   Each of these activities includes 40 slides - enough for the entire
   school year! In the four that pertain the ancient civilizations,
   questions about the following regions are included: Early Humans,
   Mesopotamia, Ancient Egypt, the Israelites, Ancient Greece, Ancient
   Rome, India, China and the Americas.
   [Bell%2BRingers%2B1.jpg]
   [Bell%2BRingers%2B2.jpg]
   If these bell ringers look like the perfect addition to your classroom
   routine, consider saving some money and purchasing the bundle!
   Happy Teaching!
   Posted by The Teacher's Prep at 8:00 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: Ancient History, Back to School, classroom management, middle
   school, Teachers Pay Teachers, Teaching, technology

Monday, February 19, 2018

8 Amazing Blogs for Middle School Teachers

   [Blogs%2Bfor%2BMiddle%2BSchool%2B2.jpg]

   These blogs are always on my reading list because they're filled with a
   wealth of information and resources for middle school teachers and
   homeschool groups!


   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]

   I'm Lovin' Lit
   Erin's blog is filled with great ideas for middle school language arts
   teachers. I love her tips on using interactive notebooks and her
   general advice on being successful in a middle school classroom. She
   always has wise words to offer her readers!
   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]

   Secondary Sara
   Sara writes about all things reading and language arts on her blog. As
   a social studies teacher, I love using her blog to gain helpful tips on
   creating engaging writing activities for my own students and learning
   about ways I can support the ELA teacher on my team.
   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]

   Maneuvering in the Middle
   Noelle is a math teacher extraordinaire! Her blog is chock-full of
   ideas to engage students in math class. Her website is beautifully
   designed and her content is relevant and insightful. She even has posts
   that appeal to teachers who teach other subjects, like this one that I
   love: 12 Creative Incentives for Middle School. Your math colleagues
   will thank you for passing it along to them!
   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]

   Stephanie's History Store Blog
   Stephanie's blog is perfect for middle school social studies teachers.
   She has tips on teaching kids in middle grades and writes about fun and
   engaging ideas for history classes. I loved her blog post about
   analyzing historical images!
   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]

   The Science Duo
   Beyond a beautifully designed blog, The Science Duo are known for
   writing tons of helpful posts specifically for science teachers in
   secondary grades. I love their idea for a domino review game - it's
   definitely a post I'm passing along to my friends in science class!
   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]
   Brainy Apples
   Heather's blog is designed for teachers looking to go the extra mile
   for their students. You can feel her passion for teaching exploding
   from her posts. Although she writes about a variety of subject matters,
   one of my go-to posts is about using primary sources in the classroom.
   She brought up a lot of important points that every social studies and
   language arts teacher should read, in my opinion! We should all strive
   to use more primary sources in our units. :)

   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]

   The Cult of Pedagogy
   Jennifer's blog is a powerhouse of content for teachers and
   administrators. I could spend hours pouring over the posts on her blog.
   One area in particular that I find unique and relevant are her posts on
   educator collaboration. I firmly believe that by working together,
   teachers can create resources of the highest quality. Collaboration can
   be really tough...but it can also be one of the most beautiful
   experiences on campus.
   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]
   Minds in Bloom
   Rachel's blog is well-known for creating helpful content for teachers
   in many grade levels and always features stellar blog posts from guest
   writers. From parent involvement in the classroom to novel ideas to
   excite kids in pretty much every subject in school, Rachel's blog is a
   great resource for every middle school teacher.
   [Page%2BDivider.jpg]
   If you think I need to add a blog to my reading list, please leave me a
   message in the comments section!

   Posted by The Teacher's Prep at 6:00 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: blogging, middle school, new teacher, school, Teaching

Monday, February 5, 2018

Reflection Connection: February

   [February.jpg]
   February is the month of pastel hearts, cupid's arrows and little
   treats to show you care. In the spirit of love and all things
   wonderful, this month's Reflection Connection gives us an opportunity
   to consider what we love most about being an educator. Some of us are
   definitely in difficult positions or are dealing with a lot of stress
   at work. Still, it's important to regularly reflect on the positive
   aspects of life to keep everything in perspective. :)

   Question: What do you love most about being an educator?

   My Response: I love so many aspects about being an educator that it's
   pretty hard to choose just one! I love finding and designing lessons
   that make history come alive for my students and I'm very blessed to
   have supportive teammates and colleagues who collaborate to create
   engaging activities and a positive atmosphere. Most of all, I love
   working with students to instruct them in historical content and teach
   them life and social skills that they can use in the years to come.
   Middle school can be a confusing and exciting time in a young person's
   life. I'm thrilled that I get to guide them along in their journey,
   even if for just a brief time.

   Now it's your turn. Leave your response in the comments below or write
   it into your reflection journal!
   Posted by The Teacher's Prep at 7:00 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: new teacher, Reflection Connection

Monday, January 22, 2018

The Best Websites for Teaching the Constitution

   [Constitution%2BCover.jpg]
    I love teaching students about the Constitution. It can certainly be
   challenging, but there's a beauty to the document that's undeniable -
   after all, it's one of our country's founding documents! I love to
   encourage my students to explore it in depth, debate it's principles
   and understand that it's a "living" piece of our government. Finding
   ways to link it to modern news stories is always interesting and my
   students love seeing the modern day implications of the decisions our
   Founding Fathers made two centuries ago. While nothing can truly beat
   studying the actual text of the Constitution, there are some useful
   websites that help bring it to life in new ways. Without further ado,
   here are my favorite websites for teaching the concepts in the
   Constitution:

   [Constitutional%2BConvention.jpg] The Constitutional Convention: Before
   diving into the Constitution, it's important to set the stage. Teaching
   American History has a fantastic interactive site that discusses
   various aspects of the convention in an engaging way. From interactive
   paintings to in-depth information about the delegates, this website
   covers it all. Click HERE to check it out for yourself.
   [Interactive%2BConstitution.jpg] Interactive Constitution: This is one
   of my favorite websites to use to examine the text of the Constitution.
   The website breaks down the Constitution into manageable sections and
   summarizes the content while providing student-friendly examples. Check
   it out HERE.
   [iCivics.jpg] iCivics: I know I've probably said this before on the
   blog, but my students L.O.V.E. iCivics. They actually beg to play the
   games if they finish a test early during class. It's music to this
   teacher's ears because they're actually learning while playing a
   computer game. Genius. There are several games that pertain to the
   Constitution and honestly I find so many effective that I can't pick
   just one favorite! Click HERE to see the full list of games available.
   Don't be surprised if you find time slipping away quickly while testing
   these games out for your classroom!
   [Constitution%2BCenter.jpg]
   National Constitution Center Games: Along with creating that amazing
   interactive Constitution resource I mentioned above, the National
   Constitution Center also has a page with games that reinforce
   Constitutional concepts. There are four to choose from - the "Which
   Founding Father Are You?" activity was fun and educational! Click HERE
   to visit the site.
   [Constitution.jpg] The Constitution: Many of us have access to a
   textbook with a copy of the Constitution inside, but if you're the
   exception or prefer have a digital copy available online for your
   students to access at home, look no further than the National Archives.
   They have a transcript of the Constitution HERE for all to read.
   Did I miss any websites? If so, let me know in the comments. I'm always
   on the hunt for great resources for my classroom!
   Posted by The Teacher's Prep at 5:00 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: American History, Civics, history, middle school, social
   studies, Teaching, technology

Monday, January 15, 2018

How to Use Reader's Theaters in Middle School

   [Readers%2BTheaters%2BCover.jpg]
   One of my favorite ways to engage my students in historical content is
   through the use of reader's theaters. Reader's theaters are small skits
   that students read aloud either in small groups or to the whole class.
   I use them in social studies and they are commonly used in ELA. I'd
   love to see more geared towards science content as well! Here's how I
   use reader's theaters with my middle school students:
   The Prep
   Before using a reader's theater skit, I determine if there's any
   vocabulary words that my students need to understand. If so, I teach
   them the key words first.

   The Reader's Theater

   I've used reader's theaters both to introduce and reinforce content.
   That's the beauty of this type of activity - each teacher has full
   discretion over when to use it! I always use them as a whole class
   activity. I choose some students (usually volunteers) to play the roles
   and provide each student with a script. Since I use many reader's
   theaters throughout the year, I ensure that every student has the
   opportunity to be part of at least one skit. Usually there's plenty of
   roles for students to become historical figures multiple times
   throughout the year. As the small group reads and acts out the skit,
   the rest of the class watches and listens quietly. Since the skits are
   short, engaging and informative, the students LOVE to watch their
   peers!

   The Assessment

   After the reader's theater ends, I hold a brief class discussion to
   asses student understanding of the content. If you purchase the
   reader's theaters from my TpT store, there are 5 discussion questions
   already included. I use that time to address questions, take student
   comments and connect the skit to the concepts we've been learning in
   class.

   From start to finish, the whole process usually takes 20 - 30 minutes
   depending upon the amount of time needed during the prep phase.
   Overall, they are an efficient and engaging way to reinforce my
   classroom content!

   [Declaration%2Bcover%2B3.jpg] If you're interested in trying one out in
   your classroom for free, click HERE to download the Declaration of
   Independence Reader's Theater Freebie from my TpT store.


   To see all the Reader's Theaters currently offered in The Teacher's
   Prep store, click HERE! I'm adding to the collection all the time.

   Happy Teaching!
   Posted by The Teacher's Prep at 6:00 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: reader's theaters, school, social studies, Teaching

Monday, January 8, 2018

The Best Hashtags for Teachers on Instagram

   [Instagram%2Bcover%2B4.jpg]

   Finding ways to connect with other teachers online is easier than ever
   if you use the right hashtags! Hashtags are words or phrases preceded
   by a pound (#) sign. They are used to group posts by topic to make
   searching for pictures, statuses, tweets, etc. easier.

   While many hashtags will connect you with other educators, some are
   more popular than others. I love using hashtags to find new social
   media accounts to follow while gathering inspiration from fellow
   teachers.

   Before you jump into the world of education hashtags, think carefully
   about how many hashtags you're using on your posts. Buffer suggests
   only using two for Twitter while on Instagram you can get away with 11
   and still see a high level of engagement. Click here to read the blog
   post on Buffer to learn more.

   Here is a list of some of the most popular hashtags that educators are
   using on Instagram, in no particular order:
   #teacherlife
   #teachers
   #teachersofinstagram
   #teachersfollowteachers
   #iteachtoo
   #backtoschool
   #classroom
   #teachersofig
   #iteachmiddleschool
   #teacher
   #teachertobe
   #teachersday
   #teacherproblems
   #teachergram
   #teacherstyle
   #teaching
   #teachergifts
   #teachinglife
   #teacherlove
   #teacherootd
   #education
   #middleschool
   #school
   #schoolday
   #iteach
   Have I missed any? Leave a comment below and I'll look into it! :)
   Posted by The Teacher's Prep at 6:00 AM 4 comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: blogging, hashtags, social media, Teaching

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Search the Blog!

   __________ Search
   [widget.gif?id=12999769]

Welcome to the Blog!

   Welcome to the Blog!

Follow by Email!

   ____________________ Submit

Featured Post

   Designing my classroom for the next school year is one of my favorite
   school-related summer activities. I love searching the internet ...
   [Magent%2BHeader%2BFinal%2B2.jpg]
   Visit The Teacher's Prep's profile on Pinterest.

The Teacher's Prep on TpT

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2018 (8)
          + ▼  March (1)
               o Reflection Connection: March
          + ►  February (3)
          + ►  January (4)

     * ►  2017 (26)
          + ►  December (1)
          + ►  November (2)
          + ►  October (3)
          + ►  September (4)
          + ►  August (5)
          + ►  July (6)
          + ►  June (2)
          + ►  May (2)
          + ►  April (1)

     * ►  2016 (5)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  July (2)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  March (1)

     * ►  2015 (9)
          + ►  June (2)
          + ►  April (1)
          + ►  March (1)
          + ►  February (2)
          + ►  January (3)

     * ►  2014 (11)
          + ►  December (2)
          + ►  November (4)
          + ►  October (5)

   Related Posts Plugin for WordPress, Blogger...
   Simple theme. Theme images by Jason Morrow. Powered by Blogger.
