   #These Are The Days - Atom These Are The Days - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar
   These Are The Days

Thursday, June 6, 2013

A Day in the Life of Ady


                      Ady loves “Me and You Days”.

                This is how she describes school days for us.

  She asks me at night when I tuck her into bed, “Is tomorrow going to be
                          a Me and You Day, Mom?”

           “Why yes it is Miss Ady.  Just Me and You sister.”

                                  IMG_4433

                          (Photo taken with iphone)

               I Instagramed these photos a little while back.

                         Our day started out normal.

                Me - working around the house in the morning.

                     Ady - watching her favorite shows.

    Then we typically get ready for the day, have lunch and  move  on to
      whatever activity we are doing that day (this used to be naptime.
                      Sometimes I really miss naptime).

     We chose to make Triple Chocolate Chip Cookies that day. Yummmmmy!

                                  IMG_4428

                          (Photo taken with iPhone)

           She is my helper in the kitchen and knows the routine.

                      Aprons and music and we are set!

   Well, of course after a little while she lost interest and went in the
                              backyard to play.

                               In the sandbox.

              I have a love/hate relationship with the sandbox.

                 I love that it is hours of  entertainment.

     I hate that within minutes it can get to an out of control level of
                                   messy.

                             Kind of like this.

   Well, this time it wasn’t as bad as that (she has learned) but it did
                 involve sand and water and the trampoline.

     She decided to clean herself off from the sandbox by attaching the
         sprayer to the hose and then putting it on the trampoline.

     When I notice that all of this happened (we are talking a couple of
       minutes) I find her on the trampoline jumping in muddy clothes.

                                Really Ady???

   No photos of that.  I wasn’t quite sure how I felt about the incident
                and if it was worth burning cookies over.  :)

         I decided I needed to side with my cookies for the moment.

   I did however, change her clothes and let her finish out the afternoon
                     in her swimsuit on the trampoline.

                        Ady's Day - 2013-1 - edit cr

     I was proud of her for knowing what she wanted and how to go about
                              making it happen.

                        Ady's Day - 2013-2 - edit cr

   She knew where to find the sprayer and how to attach it to the hose all
                                 by herself.

    She was not going to let me ruin her fun or give me the chance to say
                           “No. Not now Ady.”

                                 Untitled-2

  And I am glad she didn’t because I loved watching her have her own kind
                                   of fun.

                        Ady's Day - 2013-17 - edit cr

          She keeps asking me when will she get to be 5 years old.

                        Ady's Day - 2013-22 - edit cr

    I tell her she only gets to be 3 once and to love every minute of it.

                         Ady's Day - 2013-28 - edit cr

                Sometimes she takes me a little too literal.

                        Ady's Day - 2013-30 - edit cr

          She had waaaaaay too much fun in the bathtub after that.

                                 Untitled-3

                              See what I mean?

                          Water ALL OVER the floor.

                                 It was bad.

   The above photos are how I found it after she had tried to clean it up
                                 on her own.

                        And this is how I found her.

                                 Untitled-1

              And that my friends is a day in the life of Ady.

               We live and learn together every. single. day.

    Starting tomorrow I will be living and learning with all 4 of my kids
                             every. single. day.

                                   It’s

                               SUMMER TIME!!!

   Posted by Krysta at Thursday, June 06, 2013 8 comments

   Labels: Ady, Memories, parenting

Friday, May 10, 2013

We LOVE Baseball!

                 Our baseball season is coming to an end. :(

  Before that officially happens I thought I better blog about it…because
                dang it…I am going to be a better blogger!

       Our family loves baseball.  We enjoy going to any baseball game
   whenever we get the chance.  I especially love being a baseball mom to
     my two boys.  It is magic for me. Something about it calms me and I
   completely forget about my mile long to do list and any other thoughts
    floating around in my head.  I am just happy to be in the moment with
                   my boys; being their best cheerleader.

                     Baseball - Spring 2013-90 - edit CR

                     I love watching them on the field.

    Baseball - Spring 2013-4 - edit CR   Baseball - Spring 2013-41 - edit
                                     CR

      You can always find Casey behind the fence as one of the coaches.

                     Baseball - Spring 2013-35 - edit CR

   Did you notice Kaylee’s striped hair?  It was opening day and man was
                               it a partaaay!

                                 Untitled-1

                                 Untitled-3

                     Baseball - Spring 2013-86 - edit CR

    There was plenty of entertainment for the kids in between games this
                                    day.

          Usually Ady spends the whole game digging in the dirt…

                     Baseball - Spring 2013-52 - edit CR

      but she makes sure to check in on the game every once in awhile.

                      Kaylee reads or does homework…

                     Baseball - Spring 2013-47 - edit CR

                                or something.

               Did I mention that I am the best cheerleader???

                 Yeah, I need to rub off on Kaylee a little.

                     Baseball - Spring 2013-33 - edit CR

   However, she is very good at taking care of this little chick for me so
               I can watch the game and not miss a great play.

      Because we all know that is the worst! How do you tell your super
               excited son that you missed his awesome play???

  I don’t know how you other sport mom’s do it, but I bring my camera to
   ONE game.  I usually choose a day that both of the boys are playing but
    at different times (so I don’t miss a great play. :) Double duty is
     HARD!) I focus on snapping pictures that day.  I get what I can and
      then that is it.  No more camera at the fields anymore. Even if I
   didn’t get the pictures I wanted or had in mind.  For me, watching the
      game through my camera lens isn’t the same and I end up getting
                                 distracted.

                   Untitled-5        Untitled-4 Untitled-2

                     Baseball - Spring 2013-93 - edit CR

                       Baseball - Spring 2013-92 - CR

     I tell them to be baseball ready so I need to be cheerleader ready!

                But for one game the distraction is worth it.

                   I love me some baseball playin’ boys!


   P.S. I remembered an old post from Jake’s very first T-ball season at
    the Y. This is how it all started.  It was fun reading it and seeing
      how much we have all grown since then, especially my little man!

   Posted by Krysta at Friday, May 10, 2013 7 comments

   Labels: Baseball, Family, Memories

Monday, April 29, 2013

Looking Back on 2012 {Part Three} THE END!

  Let’s be honest… It is ridiculous how long it has taken me to get this
   blog post done. The motivation just hasn’t been there.  It is no fun
     feeling behind on blogging all the time. That is a huge motivation
   zapper for me!  I have all of these great current photos sitting on my
   computer that I would much rather be spending time sorting through and
    sharing but I can’t bear to leave gaps in my blog.  It is my family
   history.  Our timeline of events and bits and pieces of my journal.  So
     bear with me for one more post while I fill in the gaps on my blog.
                          It’s time to catch up!

                          September Collage - 2012

    Ady enjoyed having the TV all to herself every morning after the kids
  left for school.  This is how she starts every single day – Jammie’s,
    blankets, and show of her choice.  Football season started.  Everyone
      (except for me) was glued to the TV every Sunday.  I made Casey a
     football cake for a contest at work.  Kaylee had the opportunity to
   swim with the Olympians. We made a trip to the beach.  Ady insisted on
      dressing up and having a tea party lunch.  She makes my days fun!

                           October Collage - 2012

      The boys met Brooks Reed - a linebacker for the Texans.  It is a
    tradition every Fall to make caramel apples. Ady turned 3.  We had a
    lazy morning with breakfast at Shipley’s Donuts in our pajamas.  We
 celebrated Halloween. Drew – Skeleton, Kaylee – Egyptian, Ady – Kitty
   Cat Pirate (her own made up costume) Jake – scary guy from Scream. We
    were home for maybe 5 min. from trick or treating when we lost power.
                 It made for an interesting Halloween night.

                           November Collage - 2012

    I went on a trip to Pennsylvania to visit Andrea.  It was much needed
    time together.  I enjoyed every second of it!  My family surprised me
      with roses, just because. We took the kids to the movies.  Family
    movies are the best! I joined the boys at school where they hosted a
   breakfast for mothers. Over Thanksgiving weekend Santa was welcomed to
   town with fireworks and the Christmas lights went on in Town Green.  We
    went to Sea World for Thanksgiving with the Dickamore’s.  We loved
                          spending time with them!

                           December Collage - 2012

   We decorated for Christmas.  My parents came to town to celebrate with
     us.  Drew painted an awesome reindeer at school which I framed and
    displayed for the holiday.  It is my favorite piece of child artwork
   yet. We celebrated Casey’s birthday.  Ady enjoyed being creative with
    her Christmas gifts.  We took a family picture and sent out Christmas
    cards. I loved the reflection of Christmas lights in the mirrors and
       windows all over my house.  We made our traditional gingerbread
    houses.    We had a beautiful Christmas morning breakfast (one of my
             favorite things). We made sugar cookies for Santa.

                            Well, that’s a rap!

                                  THE END!

                 Just incase - Here is Part One and Part Two

    Feel free to follow me on Instagram (krystamoes)  if you want to see
                        the more current happenings!

   Posted by Krysta at Monday, April 29, 2013 2 comments

   Labels: Memories, Monthly Photo Collage

Tuesday, March 19, 2013

Looking back on 2012 {Part Two}

    We have had two weeks worth of company and fun!  March is a birthday
     month around here so there is a lot to celebrate.  My Mother in law
     came first.  We celebrated her 75th birthday!  She also brought our
   niece with her.  A cousin to play with is always a good thing.  The day
      after they left, my sister and her two cute little boys came.  We
   celebrated my 35th birthday while they were here.  Casey and my sister
     actually pulled off a mini surprise party for me.  It was the best
                     birthday I have had in a long time!

      Back to 2012  - If you missed my previous post, here is Part One.

                             May Collage - 2012

    The kids and I cheered Casey on while he did the CB&I Triathlon. Drew
   was able to try on a firefighters uniform.  He even got to put his hand
     into a fire. We made a trip to the beach with friends. I spent many
      days at school with my kids for field days and award ceremonies,
   lunches and many other things. Kaylee and Jake received many awards at
   school.  Kaylee was awarded a trophy for Top Student in the entire 5th
   grade for Science.  Then she won a rip stick in the school raffle.  It
      was a perfect day for her! We enjoyed an outing to the Children's
    Museum. The last day of school and first day of Summer was a jump for
                                    joy.

                          June Collage 2012 - Pink

    We completely enjoyed our new relaxed summer bedtime routine. Kaylee
   would stay up late and read while the boys would play cards. We started
   our summer off with the library and bowling. We had a great Cuda season
        and finished our swim season off strong. Ady loves my makeup.

                           July Collage - 2012 - 1

     We were in Utah for most of July. We enjoyed spending our time with
   family, especially seeing the cousins play together. We visited Bingham
    Copper Mine, Thanksgiving Point and The Planetarium to name a few. We
   celebrated the 4th of July where the boys rode in Grandpa’s little red
        car in the Murray Parade. We enjoyed many movie nights in the
     Bancroft's home theater. We took a boat out to Utah Lake.  I had my
  first motorcycle ride ever which was not just around the neighborhood –
    it involved going on freeways and through canyons riding to Park City
   at night during Sundance. We celebrated the life of Casey’s brother,
   Calvin Rupe, who passed away unexpectedly while we were there. It was a
   sad time but we were grateful and felt blessed to have been there with
     family and be a part of it. After getting back home and settled in
             again, we visited the Butterfly Museum in Houston.

                            August Collage - 2012

    We went to an Astros game with friends. Kaylee  painted her siblings
        faces one morning. She did a great job and this was hours of
    entertainment. Ady went on a field trip to the fire station. Back to
            school for everyone – first day of school pictures.

                     Check back for Part 3 – THE END!

   Posted by Krysta at Tuesday, March 19, 2013 2 comments

   Labels: Memories, Monthly Photo Collage

Monday, March 4, 2013

Just Because… Looking back on 2012 {Part One}

                        This post is just because…

   Just because…I have worked my tail off for the sake of getting ALL of
    my pictures organized and edited for 2012.  I have no more RAW images
    floating around.  Only JPegs. Getting a post done is my own personal
                          reward for so much work!

  Just because…I talk myself out of so many posts because I am later than
       I wanted to be in posting the event or idea.  Too late to post
   Christmas, too late to post Ady’s birthday, too late to post my end of
                    the year wrap up…the list goes on.

                  Just because…I want to share with you.

   Just because… it’s never too late to count your blessings from the
                               previous year.

  Just because…I need to get into the habit of posting again.  I miss it!

   Just because…I want to feel productive and creative and record a few
                                  memories.

  Just because…I started these collages at the beginning of last year and
                never finished.  I want to finish something!

   Just because…2012 was not my favorite year and I need closure! Enough
                                    said.

  For those reasons I am dedicating this week on “These Are The Days” to
                                    2012.

                       Enjoy January – April of 2012

      (Photo collage templates from Simple As That. Thank you Rebecca!)


                            January 2012 Collage

     Pinewood Derby. Ady and Drew baking treats. Kaylee finding time to
   relax. Ady got her very first haircut. Kaylee swimming year round which
   means outside in the middle of Winter. Potty training Ady. Jake turned
   9. The boys love to have boxing matches. Ady loves her bed. Jake loves
                       to read all hours of the night.

                            February Collage - 3

   Ady learned how to be self sufficient in the kitchen – peeling oranges
   by herself. We enjoyed spending time with friends celebrating the Super
    Bowl. We attended our annual ward campout. We celebrated Valentine's.

                            March Collage - 2012

    Casey and I enjoyed our very first cruise with some amazing and dear
    friends. We spent our Spring Break at home slowing down and enjoying
    each others company. Ady is a true Texan and chews on grass while at
  the boys’ baseball games. Drew lost his two top teeth. Ady plays in the
      rain on a lazy afternoon. Time for me to cheer my boys on in our
               favorite sport – Baseball. Ady loves the mud.

                            April Collage - 2012

     Easter, Easter and more Easter.  Easter egg hunts. Easter baskets.
    Spring photos. My favorite Easter candy – Cadberry Eggs.  I enjoyed
     lunch at school with Kaylee and her BFF.  Drew loves helping in the
                                  kitchen.

                Come back this week to see the rest of 2012!

   Posted by Krysta at Monday, March 04, 2013 4 comments

   Labels: Memories, Monthly Photo Collage

   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
   Related Posts with Thumbnails

Pin with me

   Pin with me

My Personal E-mail

   krysta_casey@yahoo.com
   I am lucky to be married to a wonderful husband and be a stay at home
   mom to our 4 children. 2 crazy boys and 2 princesses. For us it's
   perfect...even when we aren't having the perfect kind of day! I try to
   keep life simple...but fun. I have many love's in my life. Aside from
   my family (which I love more than anything)I also love journaling,
   digi-scrapbooking, photography, decorating, organizing, having a clean
   house, reading and my DVR. My blog is the place where I am able to
   capture the flavor of "me" and all of the things that make my life
   sweet!
   [ShabbyBlogsAwesomeButton.jpg]

I would Love it!

A Little Bit Of My World

   4th of July (1) 72 hour kits (1) Activity Days (2) Ady (18) Alphabet
   Summer (6) antique (3) Arizona (2) Around Here (1) Back To School (3)
   Baptism (1) Baseball (1) Bathroom (3) Birthday (13) Blessings (3)
   blogging (5) Burlap (3) Caramel Apples (1) Casey (2) chandelier (3)
   Children (3) Christmas (4) Christmas Decorations (2) Church (4)
   cleaning (1) Cousins (1) Craft (13) Cruise (3) Decorating (18) Dining
   Room (1) Drew (13) Easter (2) Emergencies (1) Entryway (1) Fall (4)
   Family (18) Feild Trip (1) FHE (1) Fredericksberg (1) Freebie (1)
   Friends (7) Fun (7) Gallery Walls (1) gifts (1) Girls day out (2)
   Giveaway (2) Grandma's (1) Grimaldi's (1) growing (9) Guest Post (2)
   Halloween (7) Heritage Banner (1) Hipstamatic (2) Holidays (7) Home by
   Heidi (1) Ideas (1) Injuries (1) iphone (2) Jake (9) Kaylee (8) kitchen
   (4) Learning (7) Me (19) Memories (43) Monthly Photo Collage (3)
   Motherhood (10) Mothers Day (4) Musings (7) Mystic Paper (1) necklace
   (1) New Years (1) Newborn (2) Olympics (1) organizing (1) Ouchies (1)
   parenting (10) Park (1) party decorations (6) photography (34) Photos
   (1) Planning (2) Playdough (1) Potty Training (2) Prepared (1) Project
   365 (23) Projects (17) Random Wednesday (8) re-purposing (1) Recipes
   (8) Routine (1) Ruby (1) School (2) Sewing (2) shabby (1) Spending time
   (9) Spring (3) Summer (23) Swensons (2) swimming (2) Teachers (2)
   Temples (1) Thanksgiving (2) Time (2) triathlon (1) vacation (7)
   Valentine's (6) vintage (3)

Blog Archives

   [Blog Archives_]

Our Life in 365 Days

   Our Life in 365 Days

Click on the picture to learn more

                            [ldsblogbutton2.jpg]

                            [featuredbutton.jpg]

   Visit tatertotsandjello.com
   blogging tips Featured on Tip Junkie!
   Polka Dot Bungalow

Me and My Hubby

   Me and My Hubby

Kaylee

   Kaylee

Jake

   Jake

Drew

   Drew

Adyson

   Adyson
   [ShabbyBlogsJustStayLittle.jpg]
   [ShabbyBlogsKeepCalm.jpg]

Popular Posts

     * Potty Training Part 2
     * Our latest news…{Potty Training Part 1}
     * 72 Hour Kits
     * An Ice Cream Idea
     * Valentine’s for School {the Pinterest version}
     * { Field Day }
     * The Big Reveal…the dining room
     * 8 is Great – Part 2 {The Party}
     * Christmas Wrap Up {2011}
     * A Birthday Party for Kaylee

     * nienie
       Nicholas turns 13
       4 hours ago
     * Sunny Side Up
       Fall Family Room Decor
       5 hours ago
     * Chubby Cheek Photography Houston, TX Natural Light Photographer
       Disney Magic – family photographer
       11 hours ago
     * How Does She...
       7 Secrets to Lake Powell You Gotta Know Before You Go
       1 day ago
     * 320 * Sycamore
       caught my eye + deals 10.4.19
       2 days ago
     * Brooke Snow Photoblog
       Ep. 57 The Mind of the World
       3 days ago
     * ClickinMoms
       29 Photographs that embody the spirit of community
       4 days ago
     * Fresh Art Photography - St. Louis Modern Lifestyle Photography
       Monica Johnson | St. Louis Headshot Photographer
       1 week ago
     * MADE
       NEW PATTERN is here • BONBON PETS
       2 weeks ago
     * Just a Girl
       A Day in the Life
       4 weeks ago
     * 71 Toes
       2 important things to note. And some summer birthdays
       1 month ago
     * Simplicity Photography
       How to get dad on board…
       1 month ago
     * c jane enjoy it
       Hot Family Summer
       1 month ago
     * Home by Heidi
       2019 Summer Shopping Guide
       4 months ago
     * jones design company
       What do you do with your kids’ art?
       4 months ago
     * V and Co.
       NEW OMBRE BLOOM by V and Co for MODA fabric
       4 months ago
     * House of Smith's
       Creamy Queso with a Kick!
       7 months ago
     * howdy from the paynes
       Halloween 2018
       10 months ago
     * fausetphotography.com
       Commercial Photoshoot at Brown, Bradshaw and Moffat
       1 year ago
     * JinkyArt Blog - Barb Uil, Children, Lifestyle and Babies Commercial
       and Portrait Photographer
       Today, I dream in colour.
       1 year ago
     * J & A and Co.
       New Blog
       1 year ago
     * Blue Lily Blog
       El Doggo
       1 year ago
     * The Warburton's
       Happy 6th Birthday
       1 year ago
     * Tucson Family, Baby, Senior Photographer - Stephanie Moore Studios
       Beautiful Family Pictures Sneak Peek | Gilbert Photographer,
       Phoenix Photographer
       2 years ago
     * [dandee]
       The Importance of a Nightly Routine
       2 years ago
     * Sunshine In My Soul
       January 18, 2009
       2 years ago
     * Plumberry Pie
       our German rental...a tour...finally
       2 years ago
     * Catching Up with The Johnsons
       Wow, Almost a Year!!
       3 years ago
     * Jessica Kettle Photography
       Moving on...
       3 years ago
     * StartinPhotoBlog.com
       Whalen Family
       3 years ago
     * SnowyBliss
       Totally Tokyo Birthday Party
       4 years ago
     * Bella Jewel Photography
       7 | mommy photographer
       4 years ago
     * Beth and Brandon
       Oregon Coast September 18th-22nd 2014
       4 years ago
     * Happily Ever After
       5 years ago
     * Chantri Keele Photography
       僕はどうやって1人で生きてきたんだろう
       5 years ago
     * Looking Up
       Two Years Closer...
       5 years ago
     * Tales from the Hursts
       Fighting Depression
       5 years ago
     * Cookie Mondays...
       Instagram killed my blog.
       5 years ago
     * Laura Vanderbeek
       My latest Shutterfly album is being printed right now!
       5 years ago
     * The ramblings from my slightly insane corner of the world.
       Live Out Loud: Do not argue for your limitations, but instead focus
       on your strengths.
       5 years ago
     * julie parker photography......delight in the little things!
       Black Friday sale!!
       5 years ago
     * It's an oh so wonderful life...
       And The Stars Aligned
       6 years ago
     * The Ropers
       Dad's Day
       6 years ago
     * Bancroft Family
       It’s a…
       6 years ago
     * BethCurtisPhotography
       Bennion Easter {Phoenix childrens photographer}
       6 years ago
     * libby jones photography: the blog
       Raise the Bar: Sky or Clouds
       6 years ago
     * Andrea Swenson Photography
       {Baby Liam} York, Pennsylvania Newborn Photographer
       6 years ago
     * Stories of Us
       Skiing in the Sun
       6 years ago
     * Redberry Barn
       Valentine's Day Countdown Calendar
       6 years ago
     * 101 Goals in 1001 Days
       Complete
       6 years ago
     * Pioneer Woman Photography | Ree Drummond
       I Love Photography! by The Pioneer Woman
       6 years ago
     * Miller time
       Shasta
       7 years ago
     * Prudently Painted Vintage
       Emma Grace Sailer arrives
       7 years ago
     * Our Life Uncut
       Emma Grace Sailer arrives
       7 years ago
     * The Jensen Family
       {a year in STATS}
       7 years ago
     * Dickamores
       Party X 2
       7 years ago
     * This is the Day
       our summer so far - instagram style
       7 years ago
     * The Karpowitz Family
       Visit in Salt Lake City
       7 years ago
     * Allreds in Action
       Trick or Treat! 2011
       7 years ago
     * ...Colby and Steph...
       the {many} faces of KELLER...
       7 years ago
     * Plugging Along
       Quick Summer Revamp
       8 years ago
     * The Dockstader Family
       Pig-Tails!
       8 years ago
     * Rebecca Cooper Photography Blog
       starfish
       8 years ago
     * Dessert for Dinner YEAH!!! The Curtis Family
       Camryn's "15 Minutes"
       8 years ago
     * What's up with the Woods?
     * Caralee Case Photography
     * simple as that
     * Summertime Designs
     * Holly Brimhall Photography
     * Chantri Keele
     * squaresville studios' blog
     * So Much to Say

     * Brynn @ This Is The Life
     * Jamie @ Our Family
     * Julie @ Kellogg's Korner
     * Kaylee @ Painted Toes...
     * Kimberlee @ The Adams Family
     * Lindasue @ Monson Memos
     * Melissa @ John, Mel and Kids
     * Natalie @ Cannon Family

     * Jen Wilson Designs
     * Jessica Sprague
     * Scrapbook.com
     * Shabby Miss Jenn Designs
     * Shabby Princess
     * Summertime Designs
     * Two Peas In A Bucket
     * Search Free Fonts
     * Fonts for Peas - Free Handwritten Fonts
     * Craft Crave - Free Downloads
     * the3chickens - Free Downloads

   Visitor Map
   Create your own visitor map!

Pageviews past week
