
RTNS 2014

     * Home
     * Call for Papers
     * Keynote talk
     * Program
     * Submission
     * Registration
     * Important Dates
     * Committees
     * Local Information
     * Accomodation
     * Past Issues
     * Junior Workshop

   RTNS2014 > Home

22nd International Conference on Real-Time Networks and Systems

   Versailles, France, October 8-10, 2014

   RTNS is a friendly conference with a great sense of community that
   presents excellent opportunities for collaboration.

   The purpose of the conference is to share ideas, experiences and
   informations among academic researchers, developers and service
   providers in the field of real-time systems and networks.

   RTNS 2014 will be in Versailles, which is located close to Paris.

   RTNS 2014 is the 22nd edition of the conference formerly known as RTS
   (Real-Time Systems, Paris). The first 12 editions of RTS were
   french-speaking events held in Paris in conjunction with the RTS
   Embedded System exhibition. Since its 13th edition, the conference
   language of RTNS has been english.

News

     * October 15th: the presentation slides are now available on the
       Program page.
     * October 10th: Best papers, presentation have been awarded.
       Congratulations to the winners.
       Best papers:
       SMT-based task- and network-level static schedule generation for
       time-triggered networked systems by Silviu S. Craciunas, Ramon
       Serna Oliver. Awarded a black Pebble smartwatch steel.
       Schedulability Analysis for Fixed Priority Real-Time Systems with
       Energy-Harvesting by Yasmina Abdeddaïm, Younes Chanderli, Robert
       Davis, Damien Masson. Awarded an Arduino Robot.
       Best presentation: Limited-Preemption Scheduling on Multiprocessors
       by Bipasa Chattopadhyay, Sanjoy Baruah. Awarded a Parrot Zik
       wireless headphones by Philippe Starck.
     * September 15th: the option of chosing a room when registering is no
       longer available.
     * September 10th: If you have selected a room when registering,
       please note that accomodation information will be sent by email
       after September 15th.
     * September 2nd: Conference preliminary program is available here.
     * August 29th: Check the rooms left in the accomodation section. For
       french SMEs, registration fees can be taken in charge by CAP'TRONIC
       provided they register here.
     * August 5th: Conference time schedule is available here and the list
       of accepted papers is available here.
     * June 30th: The registration site is open.
     * June 26th: The submission site will close automatically June 28,
       6:00pm GMT
     * June 16th: The Best Student Paper will be awarded an Arduino Robot
       with a Wifi extension
     * April 30th: Gérard Cristau will give the keynote talk on "RTNS –
       Industrial needs" and the submission site is open
     * April 11th: Junior Workshop website is open and available here. The
       submission deadline for the Junior Workshop is on August 11th.
     * April 10th: The social event will be a guided tour of the palace of
       Versailles.
     * April 9th: Local information available here and accomodation
       information available here.
     * April 4th: RTNS poster available here (a lower resolution version
       is available here)
     * November 25th: Call For Papers available here
     * November 15th: Site is open

   RTNS2014 > Conference Program

Conference Program

   Wednesday 8th October
   8:30 Registration
   9:00 Welcome and Opening Remarks: here and here
   9:30 Keynote talk (Chair: Yves Sorel)
   RTNS - INDUSTRIAL NEEDS
   Gérard Cristau
   10:30 Coffee break
   11:00 SESSION 1: Parallel Tasks (Chair: Sanjoy Baruah)
   Response-Time Analysis of Synchronous Parallel Tasks in Multiprocessor
   Systems
   Cláudio Maia, Marko Bertogna, Luís Nogueira, Luis Miguel Pinho
   A Stretching Algorithm for Parallel Real-time DAG Tasks on
   Multiprocessor Systems
   Manar Qamhieh, Laurent George, Serge Midonnet
   Minimizing a real-time task set through Task Clustering
   Antoine Bertout, Julien Forget, Richard Olejnik
   12:10 Lunch
   13:50 SESSION 2: Formal Methods (Chair: Christian Fraboul)
   A Weak Simulation Relation for Real-Time Schedulability Analysis of
   Global Fixed Priority Scheduling Using Linear Hybrid Automata
   Youcheng Sun, Giuseppe Lipari
   SMT-based task- and network-level static schedule generation for
   time-triggered networked systems (outstanding paper)
   Silviu S. Craciunas, Ramon Serna Oliver
   Complete modelling of AVB in network calculus framework
   Joan Adria Ruiz de Azua, Marc Boyer
   A Forward end-to-end delays Analysis for packet switched networks
   Georges Kemayo, Frédéric Ridouard, Henri Bauer, Pascal Richard
   15:20 Coffee break
   15:40 SESSION 3: Code Generation (Chair: Sebastian Altmeyer)
   The Boot Process in Real-time Manycore Processors
   Florian Kluge, Mike Gerdes, Theo Ungerer
   A Compiler Optimization to Increase the Efficiency of WCET Analysis
   (outstanding paper)
   Mohamed Abdel Maksoud, Jan Reineke
   Traceability of Flow Information: Reconciling Compiler Optimizations
   and WCET Estimation
   Hanbing Li, Isabelle Puaut, Erven Rohou
   16:50 Refreshment break (end of afternoon sessions)
   17:20 Junior Researcher Workshop on Real-Time Computing. Slides.
   18:25 Cocktails & JRWRTC Posters
   Thursday 9th October
   8:30 Registration
   9:00 SESSION 4: Task Dependencies (Chair: Laurent George)
   Supporting Global Resource Sharing in RUN-scheduled Multiprocessor
   Systems
   Luca Bonato, Enrico Mezzetti, Tullio Vardanega
   Schedulability Analysis for the Abort-and-Restart (AR) Model
   Hing Choi Wong, Alan Burns
   Adding Precedence Relations to the Response-Time Analysis of EDF
   Distributed Real-Time Systems
   Unai Diaz De Cerio, Michael González Harbour, J. C. Palencia, Juan P.
   Uribe
   Distributed run-time WCET controller for concurrent critical tasks in
   mixed-critical systems
   Angeliki Kritikakou, Claire Pagetti, Christine Rochange, Matthieu Roy,
   Madeleine Faugère, Sylvain Girbal, Daniel Gracia Pérez
   10:30 Coffee break
   11:00 SESSION 5: Guaranteed Service and Control (Chair: Jean-Luc
   Scharbarg)
   Guaranteed Service Independent of the Task Placement in NoCs with Torus
   Topology
   Jörg Mische, Theo Ungerer
   Predictability and Utilisation Trade-off in the Dynamic Management of
   Multiple Video Stream Decoding on Network-on-Chip based Homogeneous
   Embedded Multi-cores
   Hashan Roshantha Mendis, Leandro Soares Indrusiak, Neil Audsley
   Antinomy between schedulability and quality of control using a feedback
   scheduler
   Zakaria Sahraoui, Emmanuel Grolleau, Mohamed Ahmed Nacer, Mehdi Driss,
   Henri Bauer
   12:10 Lunch
   13:50 SESSION 6: Memory Aspects (Chair: Luca Santinelli)
   Accounting for Cache Related Pre-emption Delays in Hierarchical
   Scheduling (outstanding paper)
   Will Lunniss, Sebastian Altmeyer, Giuseppe Lipari, Robert Davis
   WCET Preserving Hardware Prefetch for Many-Core Real-Time Systems
   Jamie Garside, Neil Audsley
   Lossy Compression for Worst-Case Execution Time Analysis of PLRU Caches
   David Griffin, Benjamin Lesage, Alan Burns, Robert Davis
   15:00 Social event
   19:00 Aperitif
   20:00 Banquet
   Friday 10th October
   9:00 Registration
   9:15 SESSION 7: System Overhead (Chair: Julien Forget)
   Soft Real-Time Semi-Partitioned Scheduling with Restricted Migrations
   on Uniform Heterogeneous Multiprocessors
   Kecheng Yang, James Anderson
   Limited-Preemption Scheduling on Multiprocessors
   Bipasa Chattopadhyay, Sanjoy Baruah
   Optimizing Preemption-Overhead Accounting in Multiprocessor Real-Time
   Systems
   Bryan Ward, Abhilash Thekkilakattil, Jim Anderson
   10:25 Coffee break
   10:45 SESSION 8: Bus Aspects (Chair: Robert Davis)
   The Priority Division Arbiter for low WCET and high Resource
   Utilization in Multi-core Architectures
   Hardik Shah, Kai Huang, Alois Knoll
   Measurement based WCET Analysis for Multi-core Architectures (demo)
   Hardik Shah, Kai Huang, Alois Knoll, Andrew Coombes
   Real-time Ethernet Residual Bus Simulation: A Model Based Testing
   Approach for the Next-Generation In-Car Network
   Florian Bartols, Till Steinbach, Franz Korf, Bettina Buth, Thomas
   Schmidt
   11:55 Lunch
   13:30 SESSION 9: Probabilistic Approaches (Chair: Liliana
   Cucu-Grosjean)
   WCET Measurement-based and Extreme Value Theory Characterisation of
   CUDA Kernels
   Kostiantyn Berezovskyi, Luca Santinelli, Konstantinos Bletsas, Eduardo
   Tovar
   Static Probabilistic Timing Analysis of Random Replacement Caches using
   Lossy Compression
   David Griffin, Benjamin Lesage, Alan Burns, Robert Davis
   Probabilistic Deadline Miss Analysis of Real-Time Systems Using
   Regenerative Transient Analysis
   Laura Carnevali, Alessandra Melani, Luca Santinelli, Giuseppe Lipari
   14:40 SESSION 10: Schedulability and Optimality (Chair: Pascal Richard)
   Schedulability Analysis for Fixed Priority Real-Time Systems with
   Energy-Harvesting (outstanding paper)
   Yasmina Abdeddaïm, Younes Chanderli, Robert Davis, Damien Masson
   SPRINT: Extending RUN to Schedule Sporadic Tasks
   Andrea Baldovin, Geoffrey Nelissen, Tullio Vardanega, Eduardo Tovar
   On the Optimality of RM and EDF for Non-Preemptive Real-Time Harmonic
   Tasks
   Mitra Nasri, Sanjoy Baruah, Gerhard Fohler, Mehdi Kargahi
   15:50 Coffee break
   16:00 Closing session
   17:00 End
   RTNS2014 > Call-for-Papers

Conference aims and topics

   PDF version of the Call for Papers

   RTNS is a friendly conference with a great sense of community that
   presents excellent opportunities for collaboration. The purpose of RTNS
   is to share new ideas, experiences and information among academic
   researchers, developers and service providers in the field of real-time
   systems and networks. Original unpublished papers on all aspects of
   real-time systems are welcome. These include, but are not limited to:
     * Real-time system design and analysis: task and message scheduling,
       modelling, verification, evaluation, model-driven development,
       worst-case execution time estimation, distributed systems, fault
       tolerance, quality of service, security;
     * Infrastructure and hardware for real-time systems: wired and
       wireless communication networks, fieldbuses, networked control
       systems, control/computing co-design, sensor networks, power-aware
       techniques;
     * Software technologies for real-time systems: compilers, programming
       languages, middleware and component-based technologies, operating
       systems, databases;
     * Applications: automotive, avionics, space, railways,
       telecommunications, process control, multimedia.

   Papers will be published in edited proceedings with an ISBN and indexed
   by the ACM digital library.

   Full papers must be submitted electronically via EasyChair in a pdf
   format. The material must be unpublished and not under submission
   elsewhere. Submissions must be in the same format as in the final
   published proceedings (10 pages maximum, 2 columns, 10 pt). Papers
   exceeding the page limit will not be reviewed. Note that this year, the
   submission deadline will be set as late as possible and will not be
   extended.

   A selection of the best papers will be identified as outstanding
   papers, and will be highlighted as such in the conference proceedings.
   These papers will form the shortlist for a best paper award, which will
   be presented at the conference. Authors of outstanding papers of RTNS
   2014 will be invited to submit extended versions to a special issue of
   the journal Real-Time Systems. There will also be awards for best
   student paper and for best presentation.
   RTNS2014 > Submission

Instructions to authors

   Papers are limited to 10 two-column pages in a font no smaller than
   9-points.

   The corresponding templates are here:
     * LaTeX formatting instructions (option2) can be found here.
     * Word template can be found here.

   Authors submitting a paper to RTNS 2014 confirm that neither the paper,
   nor a version of it, is under submission elsewhere nor will be
   submitted elsewhere before notification by RTNS 2014, and that if the
   paper is accepted, at least one author will register by the special
   registration deadline, and present the paper at the conference.
   The link to the Easychair submission page is here

   The submission site will close automatically June 28, 6:00pm GMT
   RTNS2014 > Keynote talk

Keynote Talk

   RTNS - Industrial needs
   Liliana's picture Gérard Cristau (Thales Research & Technology, France)

   Abstract

   Thales is developing Real-Time Systems for a variety of domains,
   ranging from space (satellites), ground transport (railways control
   systems) and air transport (avionics, air traffic control). This talk
   will highlight some of the technical and scientific challenges emerging
   from cross-domain industrial needs, in terms of computing architectures
   and engineering of embedded systems for future products.
   RTNS2014 > registration

Registration

   All participants must be registered. Please register in advance. See
   the link at the end of the page.
   For french SMEs, registration fees can be taken in charge by CAP'TRONIC
   provided they register here. CAP'TRONIC will globally sponsored up to
   10 registration fees and does not take in charge accomodations.
   Registration at Early Registration rates will be possible until
   September 15th, 2014 (GMT +2, Paris).
   AT LEAST ONE AUTHOR (student or full rate) PER FULL PAPER has to be
   registered before September 10th, 2014.
   AT LEAST ONE AUTHOR PER JUNIOR WORKSHOP PAPER (student or full rate)
   has to be registered before September 10th, 2014.
   Registration fees to the main conference
             Early Late
   Full Rate 350€  500€
   Student   180€  270€
   Additional registration fees for a room (2 nights)
               Till no more room
   Single room 180€
   Twin room   90€
   Additional registration fees for a room (3 nights)
   Till no more room (less rooms available than for the 2 nights option)
   Single room 270€
   Twin room 135€
   The registration fees includes for all packages:
     * Lunches and Breaks from October 8 to 10, 2014
     * A cocktail on October 8, 2014
     * A gala dinner on October 9, 2014
     * Entry to all conference sessions including junior workshop
     * Proceedings
     * Conference bag, containing the official conference material.

   The additional registration fees for a room includes either a single
   room or a twin room:
     * Room for the nights of October 8 and 9 (two nights option) or of
       October 7, 8 and 9 (three nights option), 2014 in either Hotel du
       Cheval Rouge or Hotel des Roys or Hotel d'Angleterre.
     * Twin rooms are shared with another participant of the same gender
       and the name of a specific participant can be given.
     * Note that there is only a limited number of rooms that are
       available, see the accomodation page.
     * In the remark form when registering, you can specify a preference
       for the hotel as well as with whom you want to share a twin room,
       we will try to do our best to fulfill these preferences.

     September 15th: this option (room in a hotel) is no longer available
   when registering.

     If this additional registration fees for a room is not chosen, hotel
   costs are not included and are the responsibility of each conference
   participant. In all packages, travel costs are not included and are the
   responsibility of each conference participant.
   Extra tickets for the social event and dinner can be purchased till
   September 22, 2014 (when registering).
   All cancellations must be notified in writing (by mail or e-mail) to
   the Registration Management (at Mathieu.Jan@cea.fr) according to the
   following conditions and reimbursement (will be processed AFTER the
   Congress). Up to September 22, 2014: a 10% cancellation fee will be
   withheld for administrative fee; After September 22, 2014 no refund.
   Click here to register online.

   RTNS2014 > Dates

Important dates

   Submission deadline: [DEL: 28th June 2014 at 6:00pm GMT 2014, (firm
   deadline - no extensions - the submission site will close
   automatically) :DEL]
   Notification to authors: [DEL: 5th August 2014 :DEL]
   Camera ready paper due: [DEL: 7th September 2014 (8:00am GMT+2, Paris).
   :DEL]
   Early registration: [DEL: Until 15th September 2014. :DEL]
   Conference: 8-10th October 2014

   RTNS2014 > Committees

Conference Committees

   General chair
     * Mathieu Jan (CEA LIST, Gif-sur-Yvette, France)
     * Belgacem Ben Hedia (CEA LIST, Gif-sur-Yvette, France)

   Program chairs
     * Joël Goossens (Université Libre de Bruxelles (ULB), Belgium)
     * Claire Maiza (Grenoble INP / Verimag, France)

   Local organization committee
     * Florian Brandner (ENSTA ParisTech, Palaiseau, France)
     * Etienne Hamelin (CEA LIST, Gif-sur-Yvette, France)
     * Amira Methni (CEA LIST, Gif-sur-Yvette, France)
     * Hela Guesmi (CEA LIST, Gif-sur-Yvette, France)
     * Laure Abdallah (CEA LIST, Gif-sur-Yvette, France)
     * Amine Naji (ENSTA ParisTech, Palaiseau, France)

   Program committee
     * Sebastian Altmeyer (University of Amsterdam, Netherlands)
     * Jim Anderson (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA)
     * Sanjoy Baruah (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
       USA)
     * Marko Bertogna (University of Modena, Italy)
     * Enrico Bini (Lund University, Sweden)
     * Björn B. Brandenburg (Max Planck Institute for Software Systems,
       Germany)
     * Reinder J. Bril (Technische Universiteit Eindhoven, Netherlands)
     * Hugues Cassé (University of Toulouse, IRIT - UPS)
     * Liliana Cucu-Grosjean (INRIA Paris Rocquencourt, France)
     * Robert Davis (University of York, UK)
     * Jean-Dominique Decotignie (Swiss Center for Microtechnology,
       Switzerland)
     * Sébastien Faucou (Université de Nantes, France)
     * Nathan Fisher (Wayne State University, USA)
     * Julien Forget(Université Lille 1 - LIFL, France)
     * Laurent George (Université Paris-Est - LIGM, France)
     * Emmanuel Grolleau (LIAS, ISAE-ENSMA, Poitiers, France)
     * Serge Haddad (LSV, ENS, France)
     * Damien Hardy (IRISA, Université Rennes I, France)
     * Pierre-Emmanuel Hladik (LAAS-CNRS, Toulouse, France)
     * Jérôme Hugues (ISAE, France)
     * Leandro Indrusiak (University of York, UK)
     * Fabrice Kordon (LIP6, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, France)
     * Giuseppe Lipari (Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna, Italy)
     * Lucia Lobello (University of Catania, Italy)
     * Serge Midonnet (Université Paris-Est, France)
     * Pascale Minet (INRIA, France)
     * Nicolas Navet (University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg)
     * Vincent Nelis (CISTER, ISEP/INESC-TEC, Porto, Portugal)
     * Claire Pagetti (ONERA, France)
     * Harini Ramaprasad (Southern Illinois University Carbondale, USA)
     * Pascal Raymond (VERIMAG/CNRS, France)
     * Pascal Richard (LIAS, Université de Poitiers, France)
     * Bruno Sadeg (LITIS - Université du Havre, France)
     * Jean-Luc Scharbarg (Université de Toulouse, France)
     * Daniel Simon (Inria Sophia Antipolis - Méditerranée, France)
     * Frank Singhoff (University of Brest, France)
     * Mikael Sjödin (Mälardalen University, Sweden)
     * Frank Slomka (Department of Embedded Systems/Real-Time Systems, Ulm
       University, Germany)
     * Yves Sorel (Inria Rocquencourt, France)
     * Sebastian Stiller (TU Berlin, Germany)
     * Sara Tucci-Piergiovanni (CEA LIST, France)

   Steering committee
     * Sanjoy Baruah (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
       USA)
     * Robert Davis (University of York, UK)
     * Sébastien Faucou (Université de Nantes, France)
     * Laurent George (Université Paris Est Creteil, France)
     * Joël Goossens (Université Libre de Bruxelles (ULB), Belgium)
     * Isabelle Puaut (IRISA, Université Rennes I, France)
     * Pascal Richard (LIAS, Université de Poitiers, France)
     * Jean-Luc Scharbarg (Université de Toulouse, France)

   RTNS2014 > Local Information

Local information

   For any information, you can send an e-mail to the local organization
   committee

   Venue and useful informations

   The meeting will take place at UFR des sciences from the University of
   Versailles (sorry there is no English version of the web site), France,
   on 8-10th October 2014.
   Wi-Fi network with access control on site. Credentials will be
   available at the conference.
   Lunches and coffee breaks will be served on site. They are included in
   the registration fees.

   Address
   UFR des Sciences from the University of Versailles
   45 Avenue des Etats Unis
   F-78035 Versailles

   IFRAME:
   https://maps.google.com/maps/ms?msa=0&msid=209032906271445235712.0004f6
   d4f71acef262512&gl=US&hl=fr&ie=UTF8&t=m&source=embed&ll=48.813109,2.143
   278&spn=0.009891,0.018239&z=15&output=embed

   Display RTNS 2014 on a bigger map

   Check-in / Registration and opening session: Ferma Building
   Conference: Lecture hall J of the Ferma Building
   _______________________________________________________________________

                 How to reach the location of the conference

   Versailles is located in the south-west of Paris (17km). You can use
   this link to compute your itineary.

   By plane
   Versailles is linked by motorway to two international airports. To the
   north of Paris, ROISSY CHARLES DE GAULLE is 40 km away. To the east of
   Versailles, ORLY is 25 km away.
   From ROISSY CHARLES DE GAULLES, RER B to Saint Michel Notre Dame then
   RER C to Versailles Rive Gauche. From ORLY, take the OrlyVal to
   Anthony, then RER B to Massy Palaiseau, change and take RER C towards
   Versailles Rive Gauche.

   By train
   From Paris Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, RER B to Saint Michel Notre
   Dame then RER C to Versailles Rive Gauche (to reach Gare du Nord from
   Gare de l'Est you can use subway lines 4 or 5 or simply walk). From
   Paris Montparnasse, SNCF trains to Versailles Chantiers train station.
   From Paris Saint Lazare, SNCF train to Montreuil or Versailles
   Rive-Droite. From Paris Gare de Lyon, RER C or A to Châtelet les Halles
   then RER C to Versailles Rive Gauche.

   Be careful, make sure to buy "Versailles" ticket when using RER or
   trains. T+ tickets are not valid (they are valid only within Paris or
   on Versailles buses). Here is a link to a map of the RER lines from
   RATP.

   Below is a map showing bus lines that can be used to reach RTNS from
   main railway stations of Versailles.

   IFRAME:
   https://mapsengine.google.com/map/embed?mid=zD3aFFyW0hvA.kjLn0Er5WG08

   A link to this map can be found here.
   The public transporter of Versailles is called Phebus. A map of all
   Phebus lines is available here and timeschedules are available here.

   By taxi
   From both Orly and Charles de Gaulle Aiport and all train stations of
   Paris
   Skippy (English spoken) +33 (0) 1 39 55 22 22
   Web site and rates (sorry no English version available)

   Useful link
   Official tourism portal of Versailles

   RTNS2014 > Accomodation

Accomodation

   The organizing committe has negogiated the rate you have to pay for a
   room in three hotels in Versailles, near the conference. The rate is 90
   € for a single room and 45 € for a twin room. The normal rate for a
   room in Versailles is slightly higher than these prices. In the
   registration process, the participant can choose a room from these
   three hotels. The participant can also decide to arrange himself his
   own hotel reservation by not selecting this option in the registration
   process. Note that we have a limited number of rooms (double/single and
   twin) that are available at these rates and that these rooms are
   blocked until September 15th, so the sooner you register, the better it
   is!
   The name of the three hotels are Hôtel des Roys, Hôtel d'Angleterre and
   Hôtel du Cheval Rouge.
   Hôtel du Cheval Rouge 3*
   14 rue André Chénier
   Tel: +33 (0) 139.50.03.03
   Fax: +33 (0) 139.50.61.27
   no room left (8-9th October)
   no room left (7th October)
   Single: 95€ reduced to 90€
   Breakfast: 8.90€
   20mn walking distance to UFR des Sciences
   Hôtel des Roys 2*
   14 Avenue de Paris
   Tel: +33 (0) 139.50.56.00
   Fax: +33 (0) 139.50.21.83
   no longer available (8-9th October)
   no room left (7th October)
   Single/Double: 110/114€ reduced to 90€
   Twin: 65€ reduced to 45€
   Breakfast: 12€
   24mn walking distance to UFR des Sciences
   Hôtel d'Angleterre 2*
   2 bis rue de Fontenay
   Tel: +33 (0) 139.51.43.50
   Fax: +33 (0) 139.51.45.63
   no longer available (8-9th October , no twins left)
   no room left (7th October)
   Single/Double: 100/102€ reduced to 90€
   Twin: 54€ reduced to 45€
   Breakfast: 9€
   32mn walking distance to UFR des Sciences

   You can find a map of other hotels within Versailles here (raw results
   given by google) or here (filtered results to remove incorrect
   addresses).
   You can also see the Versailles tourism office web site for other
   hotels and tourist information. But please keep in mind that we are in
   a very very touristic city... the sooner you make your reservations,
   the better it is!

   RTNS2014 > Past Issues

Past Issues

   RTNS 2013: Sophia Antipolis (France), PC chairs: Rob Davis (University
   of York, UK) and Emmanuel Grolleau (LIAS, Poitiers, France)

   RTNS 2012: Pont à Mousson (France), PC chairs: Christine Rochange
   (University of Toulouse/IRIT, France) and Jim Andersson (University of
   North Carolina, USA)

   RTNS 2011: Nantes (France), PC chairs: Alan Burns (University of York,
   UK) and Laurent George (Inria/AOSTE - UPEC/LISSI, France)

   RTNS 2010: Toulouse (France), PC chairs: Sanjoy Baruah (University of
   North Carolina, USA) and Yves Sorel (Inria, Rocquencourt, France)

   RTNS 2009: Paris (France), PC chairs: Maryline Chetto (IRCCyN, Nantes,
   France) and Mikael Sjödin (Mälardalen University, Sweden)

   RTNS 2008: Rennes (France), PC chairs: Pascale Minet
   (Inria-Rocquencourt/Hipercom, France) and Giorgio Buttazzo (Scuola
   Superiore Sant'Anna, Pisa, Italy)

   RTNS 2007: Nancy (France), PC chair: Isabelle Puaut (University of
   Rennes/IRISA, France)

   RTNS 2006: Poitiers (France), PC chair: Guy Juanole(LAAS, Toulouse,
   France) and Pascal Richard (LISI, Poitiers, France)

   RTS 2005: Paris (France), PC chair: Nicolas Navet (LORIA, Nancy,
   France)

   RTS 2004 : Paris (France),PC chair : Joël Goossens (University of
   Bruxelles, Belgium)

   RTS 2001: Paris (France), PC chair: Zoubir Mammeri (IRIT, UPS Toulouse,
   France)

   RTS 2000: Paris (France), Francis Cottet (LISI, ENSMA, Poitiers)

   RTS03, RTS02, RTS, RTS99, RTS98, RTS97, RTS96, RTS95, RTS94, RTS93: no
   official website

   RTNS2014 > Legal notices

   This site is protected by french and international copyright laws. All
   rights are reserved, including downloadable documents and the
   iconographic and photographic representations. The transfer of any part
   of this site to another site is prohibited without the prior express
   consent of CEA.
   The reproduction of the texts of this site on a paper support is
   authorized under respect for the following three conditions:
     * free access of the broadcasting,
     * respect for the integrity of the reproduced documents (no
       modification)

   For any other use, please contact us.
   Publication director: Thierry Collette
   Publisher:
   CEA, Bâtiment Le ponant D
   25 rue Leblanc, 75015 PARIS
   RCS B 775 685 019
   Host: CEA
   Contact us : Mathieu.Jan@cea.fr
   Photos UVSQ: Dircom UVSQ - A.Cheziere
   Photos C. Versailles: office de tourisme de Versailles

   Digiteo CEA LIST Schneider Electric CAP'TRONIC GDR ASR ACM ICPS
   Legal information
