   #My Humble Hub » Feed My Humble Hub » Comments Feed My Humble Hub
   WordPress.com

My Humble Hub

Take a look at my humble net abode….

Menu

   Skip to content
     * Home
     * About

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

Christmas Party Games for Kids

   Posted on December 12, 2014 by missfantasygirl

   0

   christmas-party-for-kids

   The Christmas party is not just about festive Christmas decorations,
   delicious snacks, and groovy music. You are not done until you put
   together some fun games for everyone, especially your little guests.
   Here is a list of fun games and activities that will keep the kids
   entertained all night long. The best bet would be to choose games that
   both kids and adults could take part. This way the young kids would not
   have to spend the party all by themselves.

1. Christmas Pictionary

   Christmas Pictionary is not just a picture drawing guessing game. The
   rules will be same like the normal Pictionary, but the medium will be
   different. For this game, you will require several sheets of paper
   towels, tin foil, parchment paper, and frosting. Divide the kids into
   teams, select a clue and then ask the child to draw a diagram or clue
   using the frosting. The winner team will be the one who has accrued the
   most points. Note: To deter excess frosting activities, award bonus
   points for neatness in frosting use.

2. Christmas White Elephant

   A Christmas party is incomplete without the white elephant game. This
   is one of the best Christmas activities for kids that you should
   include in your party. There are several ways to play the white
   elephant game, and each method is fun in its own way. A set of rules
   applies when selecting the game. Make sure that all the participants
   are on the same page and specify what type of exchange it will be. If
   the gifts are to be purchased, then set the price limit. Once all the
   gifts are opened, the mayhem of stealing can begin. Each player can
   keep his or her selected gift or steal it from someone else. If the
   gift is stolen, the participant gets to select a new gift. This game is
   suitable for kids aged above 10.

3. Christmas Gift Wrap Relay

   Gift-wrapping does not always need to be drudgery. You can easily make
   a game out of it. Set a pile of gifts, and then a pile of boxes
   followed by a pair of scissors, wrapping paper and tape. Divide all the
   kids into 2 or more teams. The team that wraps the highest number of
   gifts is the winner.

4. Pin the Nose On Rudolph

   This game is a variation of Pin the Tail on the Donkey. Instead of a
   donkey, you have to use the cutout image of a reindeer with a missing
   nose. Blindfold all the children and ask them to aim the target.
   Whoever aims the closest wins the game.

5. Pass The Candy Cane

   Divide the children into teams and then provide each team with sour
   candy canes. Tell the children to hang the candy canes over their
   fingers and then pass them on to the next member in line, but using the
   thumb. If all the four candy canes get broken in the process, the team
   is eliminated from the race.

6. Christmas Family Feud

   This Christmas party game is fun for both kids and adult. Play a round
   of family feud and test the knowledge of holiday traditions, stories,
   and other trivia.

7. Candy Relay

   This relay race is similar to the egg and spoon race. Divide the
   children into teams and place a bowl of candy and a spoon in front of
   each team. At the end of the line, hang a Christmas stocking for each
   team. The first child from each team has to pick a candy from the bowl
   with a spoon. Then, he has to carry the candy with a spoon to the
   stocking, drop in it and then race back to the next person in line. The
   rest of the children have to follow the same thing. The team that fills
   the stocking first is the winner.

8. Gift Unwrap Relay

   Now that you have tried the gift-wrapping relay, why don’t you hold a
   gift unwrapping relay as well? Place some holiday treats in one box and
   wrap the box. Then place the wrapped box in a bigger box and wrap that
   one as well. Keep wrapping the box for as long as you can. When
   children arrive, tell them to sit in a circle and then play holiday
   music. Then stop the music intermittently, letting the child holding
   the gift, unwrap a single layer at a time, until all the layers are
   unwrapped, and the treats are given out. Alternatively, you can also
   wrap one box in several layers of paper. To make the game more fun, ask
   the children to unwrap the boxes with mittens in their hands.

9. Holiday Maze

   Holiday maze is a great way to get your child’s party started. Purchase
   a ball of yarn or string for each child who is attending the party and
   tie a small gift at the end of each one. Hide the prize somewhere in
   the house and then unwind the ball of yarn around the room. Make sure
   you pass the yarn behind the furniture, around the banisters and under
   the table legs. It will make the game more fun and exciting. Repeat
   this process for the each ball of barn you have, crossing the strings
   amongst one another. When the children arrive, hand each one of them a
   pencil and then tell them to wind the string until it leads them to the
   end.

10. Mystery Stocking

   Fill the stocking or a sock with a collection of “mystery items”
   without letting the players see what it is. Then pass it around,
   letting each child guess what is inside. Children would be allowed to
   shake the stocking, feel the shape of the gift and smell it. You can
   only answer the question with a yes or no. The player who guesses
   correct wins the gift. You can include little items like a pack of
   cards, crayons, chalk, a toy car, small, stuffed animals and ball.

11. Holiday ABC’s

   Give each of your little guests a piece of paper with alphabets written
   vertically from A to Z. Tell them to come up with a holiday word that
   starts with each letter. You can divide the children into teams if it
   gets too difficult for them to work individually. The team that
   completes the list first wins the prize.

12. Jingle Bells

   Jingle Bells is one of the best games to unwind the Christmas party.
   This game is suitable for kids of all ages and is enjoyed by all. Tell
   the children to sit in a circle. Place a chair in the center of the
   circle and put a set of bells underneath it. Choose a child as Santa
   and then make him sit on a chair with his eyes covered. The second
   child is chosen as a thief. The thief has to steal the bells without
   being heard. If the Santa hears the sound, he must try to point at the
   thief before he returns to his place. If the thief succeeds, Santa gets
   another turn to catch the thief. If the thief is identified, he becomes
   the new Santa, and the previous Santa has to rejoin the circle. Try to
   pick a different Santa and thief each time to ensure that everyone gets
   a chance.

13. Christmas Story Surprise

   This Christmas, give your child the gift of a Christmas storybook to
   see his imagination take a flight. Wrap a small Christmas book for each
   child. Then make the children sit in a circle and hand each a
   gift-wrapped book. Choose a Christmas story and find a common word in
   the story. Tell the children that every time you say the chosen word,
   they would have to pass the book to the person on their right. Continue
   doing this until the story is over.

14. Christmas Carol Charades

   Carols are one of the most important features of Christmas and Holiday
   season. Ask the children about their favorite Christmas song. On the
   count of three, everyone has to sing their choice of song, all at the
   same time. The child who messes up has to stop singing. The one who
   sings until the end of the game is the winner.

15. The Night Before Christmas

   Give each child the name of some parts of Santa Claus’ outfit- sleigh,
   belly, elves, and reindeer and so on. As you read the poem “The Night
   before Christmas” , tell each participant to listen for his word, turn
   around and sit down the moment he hears his name. When you mention
   Santa Claus, every participant will have to change places and try to
   get a seat. The one left out continues the story until it is complete.

16. Passing The Parcel

   This game is a Christmas variation of “Hot Potato”. Make the children
   sit in a circle and then toss a wrapped gift around while the Christmas
   carols play in the background. When the carol stops, the player holding
   the gift is disqualified. The participants can rejoin the game by
   singing the next two verses of the carol that was playing before the
   music stopped. The last person in the game gets the gifts.

   These simple party games will turn your kids Christmas party into a
   Christmas bash. Both kids and adults are likely to enjoy these games.
   Give out gifts and prizes to the all the little participants. This way,
   no child will leave your house disappointed.

Related Resources

     * Christmas Craft Ideas for Kids from misslassy.wordpress.com
     * Christmas Wishes from easyday.snydle.com


   Posted in Christmas

Rangoli: The Art of India

   Posted on May 22, 2014 by missfantasygirl

   0

   rangoli-01

   Rangoli is one of the treasured traditional Indian arts that are often
   associated with Diwali or the “Festival of Lights” and other Indian
   Festivals. It is also known askolam or muggu.


Rangoli and Hinduism

   rangoli-2 Human civilization is incomplete without traditions and
   customs. It’s always been an important part of every religion and
   culture. Some of them are so important to the people that maintain it
   that sometimes, they even sacrifice their lives for them.

   Hinduism is one of the oldest religions on Earth. They have a lot of
   customs and traditions that are passed down through ages, from
   generation to the next, keeping the tradition alive. Mostly, people
   living in villages in India are very conscious regarding these but
   don’t mean that people in the cities do not observe them. It is said
   that people in living in villages are more devoted than people in the
   cities. There are literally thousands of customs and traditions in
   Hinduism. One of these is the Rangoli. It is engaged to art and is most
   common in all parts of India. This involves their creativity and talent
   in forming it on the floor in living rooms or courtyards.

What is Rangoli?

   Rangoli is one of the treasured traditional Indian arts that are often
   associated with Diwali or the “Festival of Lights” and other Indian
   Festivals. It is also known askolam or muggu. Rangoli was originally
   designed in small patterns and tend to be geometric and proportioned,
   though this has been changed over time and newer themes and variations
   are being explored. But one important point that all Rangoli designs is
   created by an unbroken line, with no gaps to be left anywhere so there
   is no opening for evil spirits to enter.

   rangoli 4

   The materials that are used to make Rangoli are easily found
   everywhere. Therefore it doesn’t require big amount of money to create
   one. The most common major ingredient that is used in making Rangoli is
   the rice powder or rice paste because rice to all Indians is a sign of
   prosperity. Other major ingredients to make Rangoli are dried powder
   made from leaves color such as turmeric, charcoal and wood sawdust.
   Some major symbols used in Rangoli are the lotus flower, its leaves,
   mango, Tue vase, fish, different kind of birds like parrots, swans,
   peacocks, and human figures and foliage.

The Traditions of Rangoli

   Hindus have many beliefs on how the Rangoli was formed. In the Ramayana
   story, the citizens welcome Rama back from his fourteen-year exile in
   the forest by painting Rangoli designs outside their homes. Hindu
   families still honor this tradition today. In India, some people get up
   very early in the morning create a Rangoli. The designs are both
   decorative and symbolize warm welcome and good luck. Candles and lamps
   are also placed outside the home in the hope that Lakshmi, the goddess
   of wealth and prosperity, will visit and bring good fortune and
   blessings to the family. Prayers are offered for her, asking for her
   blessings in the form of wealth. By itself, Rangoli designs are created
   at the entrance of the house, not only to welcome the guests that
   visit, but also the goddess herself.

   There was also a legend in the earliest Indian theory of painting. When
   the son of a King’s high priest died, Brahma, Lord of the universe,
   asked the king to paint the likeness of the boy so that Brahma could
   breathe life into him again. This is how it is believed that the first
   painting was made. Another popular story is that God, in one of his
   creative episodes, extracted the juice from one of the mango trees as
   paint, and drew the figure of a woman so beautiful that it put the
   heavenly maidens to shame.

Popular Rangoli Designs

   These are just some of the most popular and stunning modern rangoli
   designs:

   rangoli-7

   Flower Rangoli: Rangoli design that is made of out flower petals in
   different colors. Marigolds in different colors and lotus buds as well
   as other colored flower petals are used to make a beautiful design

   Whirlwind Rangoli: This design has different colored flower rangoli
   petals. The colors used to this design are very striking and catch your
   attention easily.

   rangoli-5

   Peacock Rangoli: Rangoli design that shows a peacock and its feathers.
   It is a unique thought and the design is quite complex.

   Lakshmi Rangoli: Rangoli design for celebration of Laxmi Puja. The
   symbols related to the deity – the ‘Kalas’ and the ‘Lotus flower’ are
   used to make the design more appropriate for the occasion.

   8912182_f520

   Rangoli Kolam: Rangoli design for kolam festivals. There are
   contrasting colors used like green, blue and yellow which further
   enhance the look.

   Rangoli design with Diyas. This design uses mainly geometric patterns
   and shapes, and can be done by those with less experience.

   rangoli-8

   Diwali rangoli design. This design is loaded of bright shades which are
   sure to lift mood and make the house look all the more colorful. The
   bright shades used include red, orange, pink, yellow, green and black.

   rangoli-6

   Round Rangoli: Rangoli design with round spiral shapes of different
   colors. The use of differentcolours to differentiate each circle is
   quite unique and this one is easy enough for anyone to accomplish.

   Holi Rangoli: Rangoli design for holi. Holi is a festival of colors and
   what better way to celebrate the spirit ofcolour than doing some
   beautiful and colorful rangoli at your home.

   Posted in Diwali

10 Clever and Unique Birthday Card Ideas

   Posted on May 15, 2014 by missfantasygirl

   0

   Getting tired of the usual printed birthday cards that you can buy in
   your local bookstores? Want to make it different this time? Well, maybe
   it is really a perfect time to think outside the box and try some new
   ideas for birthday cards. With today’s technology, finding unique and
   out-of-this-world ideas for card became so easy. All you need is to
   browse for inspiration, there’s a lot of ideas in the world wide web,
   waiting for you to explore

   Some of the funniest birthday cards that we come across with are the
   witty ones that doesn’t say much but have impressive one liners. No
   matter how simple you card would get, it will be one for keeps. So if
   you want to give your dearest something unique and humorous, here are
   some of witty and clever birthday card ideas that you may consider.

Pants Pocket Birthday Card

   Via: Pinterest

   Via: Pinterest

   This card will be a breath of fresh air from other cards as it has a
   more unique design by looking like a pair of pants. And it also helps
   that there is cash stashed inside one of the back pockets. It’s quite
   easy to make. All you need are pattern, scissors, card stocks, glue,
   marker and voila! You can have this unique and brilliant birthday
   greetings.

ATM Machine Card

   Via: Robbygurlscreations.

   Via: Robbygurlscreations

   It will certainly be delightful to get your very own ATM machine on
   your birthday. This funny and amusing birthday card will surely cheer
   up anyone on their birthday. Aside from the monetary gift that you can
   give through this card idea, your celebrant will surely have a kick for
   this almost genius idea! No need to worry about wrapping a gift. At the
   end of the money stash, include a note where you can write your
   birthday messages for your recipient.

Piggy Bank Card

   Via: Etsy

   Via: Etsy

   Not only are piggy banks cute, they are very practical as well. And
   they can make very cute birthday card ideas as they will surely delight
   the celebrant with their surprise. You just need a card stock, piggy
   cut-out pattern, marker and glue. Make it even more realistic by adding
   a googly eye on it. Insert your cash on the “insert here” slot of the
   piggy bank and voila! You’ve got this ultra-thrifty card for your
   birthday celebrant.

Spectacle Card

   Via: Etsy

   Via: Etsy

   Nerds and geeks are cool and this simple, funny birthday card is a
   testament to that. Since the card is also very simple, you can write a
   very long birthday message as it wouldn’t look cluttered. Don’t forget
   to include the “icon” of nerds, the square-rimmed glasses in front of
   your card.

Cat Birthday Card

   Via: Pinterest

   Via: Pinterest

   For cat lovers, they will love the pun intended in this all too
   adorable cat birthday card. To get this one, all you need is a printed
   image of a funny cat, insert your pun intended birthday wishes and
   there you have it! You may add other birthday elements such as party
   hats, balloons, etc.

Minion Birthday Card

   Via: Pinterest

   Via: Pinterest

   These sweet and adorable minions never fail to make people smile and
   feel better. They always seem to have the best things to say especially
   on birthdays. This tri-color birthday wishes is surely a hit for your
   celebrant, especially for teens and tweens. You just need yellow card
   stock, black lettering, cut outs, scissors, marker and glue.

Candle Light Card

   creative-birthday-card-ideas

   People are allowed to be cheesy once in a while especially during
   birthdays. So say what you want to say to your special someone on his
   or her special day with this birthday card. Grab small candles, glue it
   on your birthday card and write birthday greetings like “you light up
   my life”, happy birthday!

Latte Card

   personalized-birthday-cards

   Life is always better with coffee. Even when you are late for
   something, coffee makes everything okay. This humurous birthday card is
   perfect for those who love coffee, especially Fivebucks, errrr, is that
   “Starbucks?. Anyway, like I’m saying this is good for coffee lovers.
   Don’t forget to write your funny birthday wishes on your card.

Pop-up Card

   Via: Pinterest

   Via: Pinterest

   Give your birthday card a surprise element. It is something that will
   surprise, then give delight, to your recipient. In this card, there are
   banners and cut-outs of birthday elements that when you open the
   card, will be popped up.

Button Snails Card

   unique-birthday-cards

   Looking for ideas on how to use those useless buttons in your sewing
   box? Why don’t you use it for your next handmade birthday card. In this
   idea, buttons are used and created the image of snails. This cute
   little buttons turned into something useful in this birthday card.

   Posted in Birthday

Easter Sunday – Getting to Know Easter Celebration

   Posted on April 1, 2014 by missfantasygirl

   0

   easter-sunday Easter is one of the most popular, most celebrated and
   most loved of the Christian holidays; it is associated with the Easter
   bunny. Christians believe that Jesus Christ, the son of God, was
   crucified on the cross by his own countrymen and he was tortured and
   finally died. But he was resurrected on the third day of his death by
   crucifixion. To celebrate his coming back to life this holiday is
   celebrated and marks the end of Passion of Christ (which is the period
   of Jesus Christ’s life from his visit to Jerusalem to his crucifixion
   and death).

   The last week of Lent, forty days in which there is fasting and
   repentance, is Holy Week which includes Holy Thursday, Good Friday and
   Holy Saturday. After the last day of Lent, Easter Sunday is celebrated
   for the commemoration of Jesus Christ’s resurrection. This Sunday marks
   the beginning of a fifty day period of joy called Eastertide. Every
   Sunday in Eastertide is a Sunday of Easter but only the first is
   celebrated as Sunday of resurrection. The last Sunday of Eastertide is
   Pentecost Sunday. The first eight of Eastertide are called the Octave
   of Easter. During Easter school holidays are given to all students
   which adds an uncommon happiness to this event.

   One of the main reasons for the main prayer day of Christians being on
   Sunday is because of Easter being on Sunday.

When Is Easter?

   Easter is one of those festivals which do not have a fixed date; the
   day varies from year to year. In earlier days, that is, before 325 AD,
   Easter was celebrated immediately after the first full moon after the
   spring equinox. After 325 the priests and the Church made a more
   reliable system for calculating Easter and it became the standard
   method.

   The new method for determining Easter, which is followed even now, is
   to calculate the date of the Paschal Moon. Now what is the Paschal
   moon? The Paschal moon is the Passover Moon which is Jewish holiday
   celebrating the independence of Israelites from Egypt. So the first
   full moon after Paschal Moon, also known as Passover Moon, is the full
   moon and the Sunday coming immediately after that is the one on which
   the festive holiday of Easter is celebrated. Te Paschal Moon is the
   first full moon after 20th March. I know this is all too much
   information so you are going to have to concentrate while reading.

EASTER 2014: March 20

   The date of Easter does not have any impact on things; it could fall on
   any day because the exact death record of Jesus Christ was not noted
   and was forgotten, hence it does not really matter when you celebrate
   the resurrection. In 2014, Easter will be on March 20th.

Easter Celebration

   easter-bunny

   Whatever is celebrated on an occasion is what that occasion stands for.
   Christmas stands for happiness and joy so people exchange gifts and
   they have meals with family. Easter stands for resurrection of Jesus
   Christ so his followers celebrate joy. Good Friday of the Holy Week is
   the day when Christ was crucified and executed and Easter Sunday is the
   day on which he was resurrected.

   Easter celebrations revolve around the Easter bunny and Easter eggs.
   Now in no way is Easter concerned with fluffy bunnies who put out
   chocolate eggs for kids to find but a lot of religions, civilizations
   and societies have changed under the influence of others, minority or
   majority. This is what happened with Easter when hundreds of years back
   under the influence of pagans this traditional holiday was changed and
   evolved into something different. Around the time when Easter was
   changed the pagans worshiped a goddess of spring and fertility called
   Eostra. Spring means rebirth and fertility, well it means fertility.
   Being the fertility goddess she was represented by an animal with an
   extremely high fertility rate, an animal that can have one to sixteen
   babies in one litter; guess which animal it is? Yes, that is right,
   it’s the cute rabbit! So paganism was incorporated through adorable
   bunnies into Christianity.

   After the Easter bunny came the legend that these rabbits left and laid
   eggs and hid them in people’s gardens. This legend grew stronger and
   became a part of Easter beliefs and it led to people putting out
   baskets for the rabbit in their gardens. The nests became baskets and
   the eggs became chocolate eggs and other candies. Today, there are so
   many Easter egg decorating ideas have emerged to make those eggs even
   cuter and more colorful.

Easter Traditions

   easter-egg-hunting

   These traditions vary from country to country and from region to
   region. Easter traditions include the myth of the rabbit mentioned
   above and its egg laying nature. On Easter children are given
   chocolate, strawberry and whatever other flavor of eggs you can think
   of in colored and decorated baskets.  They are told the story of Jesus
   Christ, his life, his arrest, his crucifixion, his death and eventually
   his resurrection.

   In Britain the tradition of giving eggs to children is popular. Eggs
   are also hidden in various places in the garden and children are told
   to find the eggs that Easter bunny hid for them behind bushes and high
   grass. Egg hunting activities and games are also played just for the
   fun of it. In France chocolate fishes are more popular unlike the eggs
   in Britain. In Finland the concept of Easter and its traditions is
   totally different; children put soot on their faces and go on the
   street begging. In Poland, now this is interesting, the man of the
   house which is the head of the house cannot take part in Easter
   preparations because things would go wrong if he did and then people
   pour water on each other on Monday.

   The main thing about the traditions and celebrations is having fun;
   people are exchanging Easter wishes and greetings, the children are
   happy because of the so many chocolate eggs while adults are happy
   because children are excited and having the time of their lives. Some
   also look for Easter basket ideas to give to their loved ones, family
   and friends. Easter is not only about fun it is also about remembering
   how Jesus Christ was treated and his death because that is exactly what
   the festival is about; it is to commemorate his resurrection and
   remember his death.

Related Sources:

     * Easter 2014 from Pinterest
     * Easter crafts for kids from Spoonful.com
     * Easter dinner recipes from easyday.snydle.com
     * Easter egg  ideas from rd.com


   Posted in Easter, Holiday

New Year’s Eve Party Planning

   Posted on December 28, 2013 by missfantasygirl

   0

   new year-party As the world celebrates the last night of the year,
   everyone is as excited as the other for the feast and flashes in the
   sky. Prearranged trip to New Year getaways like Dubai, Rio and London
   that caters the most extravagant fireworks display is surely a must to
   travelers. Food preparations, wine selections and Friends invitations
   for the party hosts are surely noted earlier to ensure that it’s going
   to be a blast!

   For some, the emphasis on the traditions is much prepared, anticipating
   that traditions on New Year Eve set the impact of the coming year’s
   treasure and self-enrichment. Whatever it is, it gives us confidence to
   face the New Year! So, get busy and do whatever is needed. However,
   unpleasant chances may also happen during or after this occasion. Be
   acquainted with the safety measures especially when you’re the host of
   an event as well as the party organizer of a family gathering during
   the said occasion.
   Here are some tips you can include in your New Year’s Eve arrangements.

Holiday Drinks

   Keep in mind that there are several types of liquor available in the
   counter that has a light effect on the one who consumes it. This is
   important to avoid danger to your guests and yourself too, throughout
   or later when the party is over. Note the following liquors that may
   help you in your purchasing list.
   Source: Valleygirltalk

   Source: Valleygirltalk
     * Brandy. Distilled from fermented mash of grapes or other fruits, an
       after-dinner drink.
     * Gin. From grain, receives its aroma from juniper berries and other
       botanicals.
     * Rum. Fermented juice of sugar cane, cane syrup and molasses.
     * Whisky. Mash of grain, usually corn, rye, barley or wheat.

   If ever your guests are hard drinkers, by all means be equipped of the
   possible misfortunes that may happen. Be watchful to avoid them as an
   ideal party host. Also, invite guests that aren’t into troublemaking or
   has the capability to harm anyone in the party. So that everyone can
   still make it to the New Year. You can also check out some
   non-alcoholic holiday cocktails for everyone to drink.

Food Watch

   Aside from the delightful New Year food buffet and some finger foods
   serve on the said celebration, know these few but helpful food
   suggestions that is favorable for guests who loves to take alcoholic
   beverages, to the party people as what we usually call them. These
   kinds of food help slow down the absorption of alcohol into your
   bloodstream. Rest assured that your guests will enjoy the party longer
   and at ease.
   Source: Showfoodchef

   Source: Showfoodchef
     * Nuts such as almonds
     * Junk foods
     * Potatoes
     * Pizza
     * Pasta
     * Banana
     * Watermelon.

New Year Party Venue

   The venue plays an important rule on the success of New Year Eves
   merriment. So better keep it safe for you and to the visitors of course
   given that you’re hosting a party. Plan ahead to where you want it to
   happen, it can possibly be at home, rented space, set sail or an open
   space tourist destination wherein you will be witnessing some marvelous
   fireworks display. Consider the following information to have a safe
   New Year ahead.
     * Watch out for burning substance. Since the sky will surely be on
       sparks, especially to open space venue for it will come directly to
       you. Liquids preferably water can be of help, be sure you have it
       on hand or you know exactly where to find it whenever necessary.
       Moreover, on home preparations as regards to this, having fire
       alarm installed is brilliant. While those who chooses to set sail,
       safety precautions such as life vest and alike should be visible to
       everybody and if possible, within reach.

     * Safe way home. For guests who came alone and obviously will go home
       alone, understandably making use of your guest room/ extra room is
       the right place to be or have someone to drive for him, it can be a
       non-tipsy guest or find service from rent a car wherein you can
       request a driver to drive him/her safely back home to avoid road
       accidents. Also, you can call someone from your guest family
       members to fetch him from your place. If it will be your problem
       how to get home from the venue, asks assistance from someone you
       know to help you. That is why it is wiser to go out in groups to
       avoid such problem.

     * Pickpocket alert. Be vigilant at all times. Since incident like
       this may happen even in New Year’s Eve party particularly not at
       home venues. Where you’ll never know the intentions of each people
       you meet.

Are you ready to rumble?

   Avoidance to crashes during parties and keeping the mind cool at all
   times is a self-obligation to help keep the gathering in a harmonious
   ambiance. Though, some instances may occur evidently to some parties
   when people got drunk and out of control. You always have the option
   leave the place and escape possible accidents. As for the organizers,
   have individuals, who can manage situations like this.

Related Articles

     * Best alternative New Year’s Eve parties (cnn.com)
     * New Year Wishes (easyday.snydle.com)
     * New Year’s Eve Party Ideas: NYE Party Decorating
       (frogprincepaperie.com)

   Posted in New Year Tagged Fireworks, Holidays, New Year, New Year Eve,
   party planning

How Do We Celebrate Diwali Festival of Light

   Posted on November 2, 2013 by missfantasygirl

   0

   Diwali_Diya That time of the year has come. It’s Diwali! This is my
   much-waited festival of the year. This is one of my favorites. Who
   wouldn’t love Diwali festival? This is the time when people seem to
   have no problem. People are all happy. You can feel the unity and fun
   in the air. It is also a time when all the thing you do is to celebrate
   and have fun, play games and just eat and munch around (which I usually
   do during Diwali).

   So why do we celebrate diwali? Historically, it is believed that in the
   day of diwali, people of Ayodhaya light the entire kingdom using the
   small oil lamp called diya. They also burst crackers as part of the
   celebration. They did this to welcome their Lord Rama who came back
   from rescuing his wife Site from the king of evil Ravana. This day
   celebrates the day when the light defeated darkness. For Hindu, this is
   a very important day.

   Now that we know the significance of Diwali, let’s talk about how we
   celebrate the Diwali festival. Here are some activities for Diwali.

   Preparing Sweets

   Diwali_Sweets

   This activity is my favorite. No, I don’t cook, but I LOVE TO EAT! I am
   always excited when sister is preparing for yummy sweets. I tried
   cooking one but I was not as good as my aunts in preparing diwali
   treats. Some of the commonly prepared sweets on Diwali are ladoo,
   avail, murrukku, etc.

   Cleaning and Decorating Homes

   Weeks before the Dhanteras or the first day of diwali, we start
   cleaning our house. We move around out furniture and save some space
   for the pooja and other settings. We start setting up our pooja room
   and putting up our diwali decorations. Everything will begin to be so
   busy.

   Making Rangoli

   OLYMPUS DIGITAL CAMERA

   Aside from food, this is another favorite activity on Diwali. Those
   colorful rangoli designs are pretty in my eyes and I am trying
   different patterns every year. We often choose ones that use diyas and
   flowers. There are also rangoli competition events every year that,
   unfortunately I cannot join with. I am not that expert in designing but
   I love taking photos of them.

   Lighting Diyas

   diwali-lamps-cc-shrikrisna-pundoor

   Of course, being the important spectacles of diwali, we just can’t miss
   this part. Every night, we light diyas (small oil lamps). But these
   days, we just don’t use diyas. We also use different decorative
   candles.

   Performing Lakshmi Pooja

   lakshmi-puja

   Another important traditions of Diwali is performing pooja. In this
   tradition, there is a podium where deity idols such ad Goddess Lakshmi
   and Ganesha are worshipped. This podium incorporates different items
   such as puja thali, offerings, incense, etc.

   Playing Games

   Together with my cousins and friends, we used to play cards on Diwali
   day. But I am more on outdoor games like hide and seek. These days, we
   prefer something westernized types of games like scavenger hunt with
   the theme of Diwali.

   Well, since Diwali has come, I just got one wish for all of you, my
   fellows. I wish everyone will be safe on Diwali. Just have fun. Just
   enjoy the festival. Just be happy. But keep the true meaning of Diwali
   in your hearts while doing so. Happy Diwali to all!

Related Articles

     * Diwali Wishes (easyday.snydle.com)
     * Diwali Decorating Ideas (Misscraftsy.hubpages.com)
     * Diwali Decorations (Pinterest)

   Posted in Diwali Tagged diwali, diwali 2013, happy diwali

Halloween Crazy Face Redone Makeup Ideas

   Posted on October 18, 2013 by missfantasygirl

   0

   Halloween is coming, whoa! Now that I am looking at my calendar, it’s
   exactly 12 days before Halloween. I am so excited! But wait, I really
   don’t exactly know what to wear or what will I look like on Halloween.
   I want something beautiful yet scary, but as I browse for some
   Halloween makeup ideas, I saw this one and I thought why not?

   crazy-face-redone

   There can be tons of types for this Halloween makeup ideas, so you have
   to pick your choice before getting started. But just to provide a
   briefer, here’s a classic example on a crazy face redone idea.

   What you will need for this are the following: face make-up – white and
   black, pale green contact lenses, sponge and black eyeliner.

Crazy Face Redone Tutorial

   1. First, draw the baseline on the half part of the face and the extent
   in which the face paint will reach.

   2. Leave the unmarked side untouched, although you will need to extend
   the drawing a little on this part later.

   3. Using the sponge, smudge a liberal amount of white face paint on the
   part of the face that you have marked the baseline. Continue to spread
   until half of the face is covered with white. Allow this to dry for
   around 5 – 10 minutes.

   4. Then, using put another baseline on the face, where the black face
   paint will be applied.

   5. In particular, draw a large circle around your eyes, to the point
   that its diameter will reach the upper part of the cheek bones and a
   little above the eyebrows.

   6. Draw a horizontal oblong that will spread on the lines of your lips
   to an extent that this shape can almost reach your chin and the lower
   part of the cheek bones.

   7. Outline some exaggerated teeth on this horizontal oblong (which will
   of course arrive in a relative manner of presentation)

   8. Rinse the sponge to remove the white face paint and dry this a
   little before using this to smudge the black face paint.

   9. Once the sponge is ready, use this to spread the black face paint on
   the circle of the eyes by simply following the outline that you have
   prepared first hand.

   10. Trace the drawing that you have made on the lip part.

   11. Leave the teeth part white, while drawing etching lines on it using
   the black eyeliner to depict the ruins of a tooth cavity.

   12. Customize the design even more.

   13. Using the black eyeliner, draw some crooked lines at the corners of
   the other eye in order to make them look like veins that has spread
   from the other side.

Crazy Face Redone Video Tutorial

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/R7BKG3ahwx8?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide
   =2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&wmode=transparent

Related articles

     * DIY Halloween Face Paint Templates (potterybarnkids.com)
     * Tips for Great Halloween Makeup!!
       (victoriashollywoodmakeuptips.wordpress.com)
     * Marilyn Monroe Skull Face ~ Halloween Makeup
       (jordansbeautifullife.wordpress.com)

   Posted in Halloween, Makeup Tagged facepaint, halloween, halloween
   makeup, makeup

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

   Search ____________________ Search

Recent Posts

     * Christmas Party Games for Kids
     * Rangoli: The Art of India
     * 10 Clever and Unique Birthday Card Ideas
     * Easter Sunday – Getting to Know Easter Celebration
     * New Year’s Eve Party Planning

Recent Comments

Archives

     * December 2014
     * May 2014
     * April 2014
     * December 2013
     * November 2013
     * October 2013

Categories

     * Birthday
     * Christmas
     * Diwali
     * Easter
     * Halloween
     * Holiday
     * Makeup
     * New Year

Meta

     * Register
     * Log in
     * Entries RSS
     * Comments RSS
     * WordPress.com

   My Humble Hub


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   Cancel Reblog Post

   Close and accept Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By
   continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
   To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie
   Policy
