   #Bonn Voyage » Feed Bonn Voyage » Comments Feed Bonn Voyage
   WordPress.com

Bonn Voyage

   Skip to content
     * Home
     * About

   October 19, 2007 · 8:20 am

Queues likely

                                              Queues likely

   British people love to queue (or so it seems at least). They form an
   orderly queue in almost every situation.  When people ask me how
   Germans handle the dilemma of 100 people wanting to get on a bus with
   40 seats, I never really have a satisfying answer. I don’t really know
   to be honest. It’s not that we don’t have queues in Germany; we have
   them in supermarkets, at the post office and in many other situations,
   but there is somehow a distinct difference. What you definitely won’t
   find are Britain’s absolutely unique bus queues.

   Even though I have lived in the UK for a while now, I still sometimes
   find myself staring at the other side of the road thinking “what’s
   going on over there?”, quickly realizing that it is just an ordinary
   bus queue that has formed along the kerb. To foreigners this really is
   quite a peculiar sight…


      bus queue

   British people really know their queuing rules and they are extremely
   careful not to break those rules or to step on anyone’s toes. You could
   be standing in the middle of Marks & Spencer’s waiting for your friend
   and an elderly lady might walk up to you asking “Is this the end of the
   queue?”. People are quite touchy when it comes to queuing. That’s one
   lesson I learned quickly: you don’t want to mess with a British queue!
   Queue jumping is regarded as a major offence. I have grown quite fond
   of this aspect of British culture and have developed my personal
   queuing rules over the years:
    1. always politely ask if you are at the end of the queue
    2. shrug your shoulders and possibly patiently nod to the people
       around acknowledging the fact that “yes, we’re all in this
       together; we’ll just just have to wait…”
    3. possibly make a comment about how slowly the queue is moving and –
       if outside – that hopefully it won’t start raining
    4. look disgusted and appalled at someone’s attempt to jump the queue
    5. bring a good book

   Queuing seems to be such an important part of British culture that
   British police have begun to encourage “crash courses in queuing” for
   foreign students living in England a few years ago (see article here).
   The locals had simply become too concerned  with the “influx of
   continental queue-jumpers”!

   I don’t know what it is… maybe there are just never enough bus seats,
   bank clerks, supermarket tills and sandwich shops. But I don’t think
   this alone is it… Brits just love to queue J
   Advertisements

   1 Comment

   Filed under Being an Expat, Very British

   Tagged as British queues
   October 10, 2007 · 11:06 am

Happy Birthday Sue!

   A former colleague of mine in the US told me, what I thought was, a sad
   story. She is originally from Spain and lives in an affluent
   neighborhood in the San Francisco Bay Area with her husband and 2 kids,
   who are both under 10 years of age and attend local schools. My friend
   was very surprised when one of her children received an invitation to a
   birthday party by one of her classmates. It wasn’t just your average
   invitation card featuring balloons and a cake; the card was accompanied
   by a letter to be signed by my friend. The letter that all the parents
   who wanted their kids to attend this birthday party had to sign, was
   basically a disclaimer that stated that the parents who organised the
   party are not responsible for any accidents or other mishaps that might
   happen at the party.

   Why all this effort? It’s just a kid’s birthday party and not a bungee
   jumping competition we are talking about here after all!

   Undoubtedly, the organisers were scared of being sued by one of the
   parents in case anything unforeseen might happen at the event (one of
   the children breaking an arm while playing hide and seek say). Isn’t it
   a sad state of affairs, if you have to think about these kinds of
   things when throwing a birthday party for your child?

   As a European, I found the American suing culture in general very
   difficult to get used to when I lived there for a year. Almost half the
   local phone book is filled with ads for lawyers of all different kinds
   and they heavily advertise on TV as well. In America, everybody can sue
   anybody for anything and this reflected in the number of lawyers. Just
   look at how many lawyers the US has compared to other developed
   nations; the difference is staggering:

   Japan 23,000
   France 41,000
   Germany 121,420
   United Kingdom 119,000
   United States 1,000,000

   1 million lawyers who all need something to do…

   Leave a comment

   Filed under United States

   Tagged as birthday party, lawyers, suing culture
   October 8, 2007 · 9:50 pm

Defeated Kiwis and Dr Who?

   I’ve just come back from Cardiff where I spent the weekend with my
   husband’s family. You might just expect a stiff breeze and lots of
   sheep when going to Wales, but actually there was loads of stuff going
   on there… And I realised again that even after 4 years of living in the
   UK, there are still many of aspects of British culture that I have to
   learn about. Here are two of them:
    1. Doctor Who – We arrived in Cardiff late on Friday night and when we
       got to my brother-in-law’s house in a residential area just outside
       Cardiff, we thought the aliens had landed right then and there. It
       turned out that the BBC was filming the new Doctor Who episodes
       right in front of his house. They had installed huge floodlights
       which lit up the whole street and loads of people were watching the
       shoot. I have to admit that I have not watched a single episode of
       the show in my life and therefore didn’t get too excited about
       seeing the actors in the distance. I am absolutely not a sci-fi
       fan, but just out of curiosity, I will watch a few episodes… maybe
       it will grip me just as much as it has the rest of the nation.
    2. Rugby – The Welsh national  sport which I know nothing about (even
       though a South-African friend of mine tried to explain the rules to
       me a few weeks ago). Anyway… unbeknown to me, Cardiff was hosting
       the France – New Zealand world cup quarter final that weekend. It
       didn’t take long to notice that there was something in the air… The
       city centre was flooded with French people covered in
       blue-white-red and singing the Marseillaise. They far outnumbered a
       few people (as it later turned out – appropriately) dressed in
       black T-shirts carrying inflatable kiwis.

   Leave a comment

   Filed under Being an Expat, Very British

   Tagged as cardiff, doctor who, kiwi, rugby
   August 22, 2007 · 11:41 pm

San Francisco movies & forty-three trillion possibilities

                                          rubiks_cube.jpg Rubik’s Cube
   Rubik’s Cube Rubik’s Cube Rubik's cube Rubik's cube

   I watched two movies that are set in San Francisco last weekend,
   Hitchcock’s “Vertigo” (1958) and the Will Smith production “Pursuit of
   Happyness” (2006) which is set in the 1980s. Both movies have stunning
   views of the city and especially of course of the famous Golden Gate
   Bridge.

    I lived close to San Francisco for a year, so it was interesting for
   me to get an impression of the city in the 50s… I didn’t expect much of
   “Pursuit of Happyness” to be honest, but I actually thought the movie
   was ok. The story is roughly based on real events, the life of Chris
   Gardner, who manages to climb the social ladder against all odds, from
   struggling – at times homeless – salesman and single parent to
   self-made millionaire. While the movie had some beautiful shots of the
   city, it also shows one of San Francisco‘s dark sides, its large
   homeless population. Admittedly, a lot has been done to get homeless
   people off the streets since the 80s, but even today every visitor to
   this renowned city will quickly notice that the problem is far from
   solved.

   The movie is of course a typical rags to riches story, but surprisingly
   didn’t annoy me too much. That quickly changed when I watched some of
   the extra material on the DVD though. It features an interview with
   Will Smith, who completely fails to talk about the problems addressed
   in the movie (I am now inclined to think that that wasn’t the intention
   of the movie at all), but just goes on about the American Dream, how
   everyone can make it if they just believe in themselves etcetc. A key
   scene in the movie is when Smith’s character manages to solve a Rubik’s
   cube (did you know that a 3x3x3 cube can have
   43,252,003,274,489,856,000different positions by the way?!) . This
   extraordinary skill is his ticket into the financial world and
   eventually gets him and his son out of poverty. Having never been able
   to solve a Rubik’s cube myself – and believe me, I’ve tried! – I just
   couldn’t help but think about what happens to people in his situation
   who don’t have such rare talents…

   Anyway, San Francisco does make a brilliant movie setting and loads of
   films have been shot there. These are the ones I have watched so far… a
   rather strange selection: The Birds, Dirty Harry, Basic Instinct, Joy
   Luck Club, The Maltese Falcon, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Game, 40 Days and 40
   Nights.

   Leave a comment

   Filed under movies, United States

   Tagged as Pursuit of Happyness, Rubik's cube, san francisco, Vertigo,
   Will Smith
   August 16, 2007 · 3:33 pm

Don’t mind the gap!

   Who said Germans are lacking a sense of black humor? This is a
   billboard for a funeral company. The text translates as: “Please step
   closer”.  A more loose translation would be “Don’t mind the gap!”

   kommen sie doch näher

   Comments Off on Don’t mind the gap!

   Filed under Germany

   Tagged as black humour
   July 6, 2007 · 9:05 am

Hot or cold?

   Ok, here is something that I have been wondering about ever since I
   moved to Britain:

                                         separate taps

   Why on earth do so many British sinks have dual taps?! I have bored
   many of my British friends with this question and the answers I
   received ranged from “That’s a good point” and “They do the job” to
   “Aren’t mixer taps dodgy?”. It just must be one of these cultural
   things for which there is no proper explanation… No one in their right
   mind could actually want to be faced with the decision whether to
   freeze or burn their hands every morning.

   To my delight I found an article from the Wall Street Journal which
   discusses the issue and to my surprise reveals that if it would have
   been up to Churchill, Britain would be on par with the rest of the
   civilised world as far as mixer taps are concerned:

     LONDON (Oct. 31, 2002)—During a wartime visit to Moscow in 1942,
     Winston S. Churchill discovered a marvel of modern technology: hot
     and cold    water flowing from the same faucet.The plumbing in the
     villa where he stayed as a guest of Stalin was unlike the primitive
     British standard of separate taps for hot and cold. Rather than
     having to fill up the sink to achieve the right blend, the British
     leader could wash his hands under gushing water “mingled to exactly
     the temperature one desired,” as he put it in his memoirs. From then
     on, he resolved to use this method whenever possible. His countrymen
     have been slow to take up the single-spigot cause. Most bathroom
     sinks in Britain still have separate hot and cold taps today, 60
     years after Mr. Churchill’s conversion and decades after nearly all
     dual taps were scrapped in the U.S. and most vanished from
     continental Europe. For reasons of thrift, regulations and a
     stubborn attachment to tradition, the British have resisted the tide
     of plumbing history. Even when they renovate old homes, many choose
     two-tap systems, and builders often install them in new, low-end
     housing. Separate taps account for an estimated 40% of all
     bathroom-faucet sales in the U.K. “It’s very strange to me,” says
     Ayelet Langer, who moved to London from Israel last year and found
     two faucets mounted on the newly installed bathroom sink in her
     apartment. “I thought I couldn’t really cope with it at first, but
     now I do.” Worried that the water from the hot tap will scald the
     fingers of her one-year-old son, she washes his hands in the kitchen
     sink, which has a single spout. Britons don’t understand why
     foreigners raise a fuss over this issue. “The British are quite
     happy to wash their hands with cold water. Maybe it’s
     character-building,” says Simon Kirby, managing director of Thomas
     Crapper & Co., a maker of bathroom equipment in
     Stratford-on-Avon. Boris Johnson, a Conservative Party member of
     Parliament representing Henley, congratulates “the higher
     civilizations” that have adopted advanced plumbing technology. But
     he argues that having the choice of either hot or cold for washing
     hands “is an incentive to get it over and done with and not waste
     water.” (…)

     (“Old-Fashioned Faucets: Unique British Standard” by James R.
     Hagerty; from The Wall Street Journal Online)

   Right, got to go and build my character, err wash my
   hands…


   2 Comments

   Filed under Very British

   Tagged as dual taps, mixer taps, Winston Churchill
   July 2, 2007 · 5:45 pm

On towels and fair play…

   As a German who has lived in the UK for a number of years now (with a
   1-year stopover in California) it never seizes to amaze me how deep
   certain stereotypes run on both sides of the Channel. While many of
   them may be justified, I’ll be trying to just observe some of the
   differences between the different countries and cultures that have
   particularly struck me over the years.

   Btw: this is what I’m up against.

   Leave a comment

   Filed under Being an Expat, Germany, Very British

   Tagged as stereotypes, towels
     *

   CAPTION: September 2019

       M  T  W  T  F  S  S
       « Oct
                         1
       2  3  4  5  6  7  8
       9  10 11 12 13 14 15
       16 17 18 19 20 21 22
       23 24 25 26 27 28 29
       30
     * Being an Expat Germany movies United States Very British
     * Blogroll
          + WordPress.com
          + WordPress.org
       Advertisements

   Bonn Voyage · My exp(at)eriences… cross-cultural, linguistic and other
   observations
   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

   Close and accept Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By
   continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
   To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie
   Policy
   This is an OpenID server

