   #Kris Camealy » Feed Kris Camealy » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   ____________________

     * Home
     * About Kris
          + Speaking
          + GraceTable
          + Contact
     * Blog
     * Books
          + Come, Lord Jesus: The Weight of Waiting
     * Refine {the retreat}
     * Privacy Policy

Home

Meet Kris

   As a sequin-wearing, homeschooling mother of four, Kris is passionate
   about Jesus, people and words. Her favorite room in the house is the
   kitchen, and she’s been known to take gratuitous pictures of her
   culinary creations, causing mouths to water all across Instagram. Once
   upon a time, she ran 10 miles to raise money for Compassion
   International. Kris is the author of,  Come, Lord Jesus: The Weight of
   Waiting and Holey, Wholly, Holy: A Lenten Journey of Refinement, and
   the follow up, Companion Workbook. She has contributed to numerous
   other books, is the Director of Refine {the retreat} and the founder
   and Executive editor of  GraceTable.org .

Books

Come, Lord Jesus

   The Weight Of Waiting, 24 readings for ADVENT
   Available now

HOLEY, WHOLLY, HOLY

   A LENTEN JOURNEY OF REFINEMENT
   Available now

Additional Writing

   READ MORE FROM KRIS IN THESE BOOKS

   Soul Bare

   Contributor
   The Heart of Marriage

   Contributor
   Craving Connection

   Contributor
   A Moment To Breathe

   Contributor
   (in)Courage Devotional Bible

   Contributor

Recent Posts

   THE LATEST FROM THE BLOG

Remember God

   October 2, 2019 No Comments

   Sometimes, when I close my eyes, snapshot-memories of my childhood
   sneak up on me. Today, I saw myself, nine years old, pumping my spindly
   legs back and forth on the old metal swing set left behind by previous
   owners of that house. I swung, face pointed towards the cornfield that
   flanked the back of the
   Read More »

You Cant Ever Go Home Again

   August 21, 2019 11 Comments

   They say that you can’t ever go home again, and of course, we return
   home again and again throughout our lives and know, at least in part,
   this is only half true.
   Read More »

Being Grown Up And Turning 40

   July 16, 2018 No Comments

   This summer marks the 40thyear of my life. This is the season when I am
   “over the hill”—the half-way point of my journey. I haven’t decided how
   I feel about it. Should I feel a certain way? What’s the protocol for
   this new season? I have a friend who grins wide whenever we chat about
   her
   Read More »

For Those of Us Wrestling With Imposter Syndrome

   April 2, 2018 8 Comments

   A few of the women who attended Refine {the retreat} asked me if I
   would share the opening keynote that I gave the first night that we
   gathered there. While I wrote this specifically for that group of
   women, the truth is, there are more than a few of us who need to hear
   this
   Read More »

On Surrender

   March 18, 2018 3 Comments

   Then Jesus told his disciples, “If anyone would come after me, let him
   deny himself and take up his cross and follow me. For whoever would
   save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for my sake will
   find it.  For what will it profit a man if he gains the whole world
   Read More »

Whither Shall I Follow

   February 28, 2018 No Comments

   Follow Him simply wherever He may lead you and you will not have to
   think up big plans to bring about your perfection. Your new life will
   begin to grow naturally. I know you want to see the road ahead rather
   than trusting God. If you continue this way, the road will get longer
   and
   Read More »

   « Previous Next »

   This error message is only visible to WordPress admins

   Error: API requests are being delayed for this account. New posts will
   not be retrieved.

   There may be an issue with the Instagram Access Token that you are
   using. Your server might also be unable to connect to Instagram at this
   time.

   Error: No posts found.

   Make sure this account has posts available on instagram.com.

   Error: admin-ajax.php test was not successful. Some features may not be
   available.

   Please visit this page to troubleshoot.

   Subscribe

   © Copyright 2019 Kris Camealy · Designed by KrisCamealy
