   clicky ▼
   Sep 25 ▼
   Today Yesterday 2 days ago Last 7 days Last 14 days Last 28 days Last
   60 days Last 90 days Sep 2019 Aug 2019 Jul 2019 Custom date range...
   [trend.png]
   Single day trend:
   The previous day [check.png] Same day last week [check.png] Same day
   last year [check.png] Same day of week average [check.png] What is
   this?
   0 online 0 visitors 0 actions
   Login Register Help [menu.png]
   Login Register Dark mode [theme.png] Help Apps & Plugins White label
   Marketshare Translate TermsBlog Twitter

Real Time Web Analytics

1,211,960 web sites

   depend on Clicky to monitor, analyze, and react to their traffic in
   real time.
   (BUTTON) Register now
   Login   Demo   Learn more   Compare
   "I used to think Google Analytics was the answer to my analytics needs;
   then I found Clicky. It comes down to being proactive instead of
   reactive."
   -- Brandon Kane, Woopid.com -- More testimonials »

Everything is real time

   Every report in Clicky is up-to-the-minute real time.

Ridiculous detail

   Most reports contain high detail on every segment.

Individual visitors and actions

   See every individual visitor and page view / event.

No bots or referrer spam

   Our bot detection and blocking is the best in the biz.

Heatmaps

   View heatmaps by page, visitor, or segment.

On-site analytics

   See how many visitors are on your site and on the page you're viewing.
   You can also launch heatmaps from the widget, all without leaving your
   site.

Uptime monitoring

   Receive alerts when your site goes offline so you can react
   immediately. Your site's uptime is monitored from 7 locations around
   the world.

And so much more...

   The list of features is nearly endless. Compare Clicky vs the
   competition!

Blog

   Jul 22 2019: Mobile-friendly Clicky is here!
   Nov 27 2018: Major tracking upgrade – sendBeacon(), etc!
   May 25 2018: Personal data management tools for GDPR requests
   May 14 2018: GDPR update!
   Apr 17 2018: GD;PR
   Jun 12 2016: Infrastructure upgrades and migrations
   Jan 15 2016: HTTP/2, sticky table headers, tracking code fixes
   Read more »

Twitter

   "We believe that this policy change is in line with industry practice."
   It's hilarious that they try to spin this… https://t.co/Ogp4wounLy
   via clicky, Sep 20
   Thankfully Paypal is only a very small percentage of our income these
   days but this was basically the only thing "c… https://t.co/tMqcD3zDjd
   via clicky, Sep 20
   Follow @clicky »   See what others are saying »
   (BUTTON) Register now
   Login   Demo   Learn more   Compare

Clicky

   Register
   Pricing
   Terms of service
   Privacy policy
   Opt out

Support

   Help
   Forums
   Contact

Social

   Blog
   Twitter

Services

   White label analytics
   Marketshare
   Website uptime monitoring

   Copyright © 2019, Roxr Software, Ltd

Start date

End date

Apply date range

   [10ns.gif]
   clicky ▼
   Sep 25 ▼
   Today Yesterday 2 days ago Last 7 days Last 14 days Last 28 days Last
   60 days Last 90 days Sep 2019 Aug 2019 Jul 2019 Custom date range...
   [trend.png]
   Single day trend:
   The previous day [check.png] Same day last week [check.png] Same day
   last year [check.png] Same day of week average [check.png] What is
   this?
   0 online 0 visitors 0 actions
   Login Register Help [menu.png]
   Login Register Dark mode [theme.png] Help Apps & Plugins White label
   Marketshare Translate TermsBlog Twitter

   Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyData Processing Agreement
   By registering an account on the Clicky web site ("Site" or "Service"),
   a service provided by Roxr Software Ltd ("Roxr", "Company", "we", "us",
   "our"), you agree to be bound by all terms and conditions ("Terms")
   listed on this page, as well as our Privacy Policy and, for business
   and commercial accounts, our Data Processing Agreement ("DPA")
   (collectively, the "Agreement").

Account

   You agree to allow Roxr to collect and store data on your web site
   traffic. We value your privacy and will only look at your data per your
   request, for example to help troubleshoot an issue that you communicate
   to us, or in instances where your traffic volume may be putting an
   unnecesssary burden on our resources.
   Roxr may cancel or delete any account, for any reason, with or without
   notice, although this would typically only be done for legal reasons
   such as a site hosting illegal content. White label accounts will be
   given thirty (30) days notice.
   If you wish to cancel your account, you may go to the follow web page
   and click the "delete account" link at the top:
   http://clicky.com/user/edit. All information associated with the
   account will be deleted within a reasonable period of time. We try to
   protect information from accidental or malicious deletion, so there may
   be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted
   from our active and backup systems.

Payments

   Premium service is billed in advance on a monthly or yearly basis. All
   plans automatically recur at the interval you sign up for (monthly or
   yearly). Your access to the Service may be revoked for failure to pay
   any amount due within seven (7) calendar days of the due date; in these
   instances, access will not be restored until the overdue amount has
   been paid in full.
   You can cancel your subscription at any time at
   http://clicky.com/user/cancel so that it won't renew.

Refunds

   If you cancel your premium service early, we may refund your money for
   your remaining pre-paid term, if you ask. However, this is determined
   on a case by case basis, and requires you to remove the Code from all
   of your sites.
   Monthly payments - Your maximum potential refund will be the last
   payment made, and will be pro-rated for how much pre-paid time is left
   in the billing cycle.
   Annual payments - Refunds will be based on the normal monthly rate
   rather than the discounted annual rate. (Annual payments are discounted
   heavily off the monthly equivalent in exchange for your commitment to a
   full year of service; hence, canceling early revokes your discount).
   For example, as of 2018 our standard Pro plan is $9.99/month or
   $79.99/year. If you had this $79.99 plan and canceled after 6 months,
   we would count that as 6 months of $9.99/month service ($59.94), so
   your refund would be $20.05.
   White label service - Set up fees are non-refundable and will be
   deducted from any potential refund.

Disclosure

   It is important that your visitors are informed of the tracking tools
   installed on your web site, what kind of personal data you log, and
   why. For visitors in the European Economic Area, their explicit consent
   may be required to log personal data, depending on the "legitimate
   interest" of the data, but the data you log must be disclosed
   regardless; it is your responsibility to obtain consent.
   You agree to add text similar to the examples below to the Privacy
   Policy of your web sites.
   Example disclosure with default privacy settings:
   We use Clicky to log and analyze the traffic to our web site. You may
   review Clicky's privacy policy at http://clicky.com/terms/privacy
   A "Unique ID" tracking cookie is used for the legitimate purpose of
   identifying unique visitors, but otherwise no "personal data" is
   logged.
   Example disclosure with full IP logging and custom data logging:
   We use Clicky to log and analyze the traffic to our web site. You may
   review Clicky's privacy policy at http://clicky.com/terms/privacy
   We log "personal data" to Clicky as follows, for the stated legitimate
   purposes: A "Unique ID" tracking cookie to identify unique visitors;
   your IP address for security and fraud prevention; and your username to
   help us to analyze visitor behavior and assist with customer service
   needs.

Unacceptable usage

   You may not use the Service to track any of the following:
     * items that are embedded on external/third-party web sites (e.g.
       ads, widgets, etc)
     * "typo squatting" domains
     * sites considered "spammy", per our judgment
     * sites containing viruses, trojans, or other harmful or illegal
       material

License

   Roxr hereby grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable
   license to include the Company-provided JavaScript ("Script") in the
   HTML code for web page(s) that are properly registered for the Service
   and owned by you, solely for the purpose of accessing the Service and
   information available from the Service with respect to such web
   page(s). You shall not (i) use, reproduce, modify or create derivative
   works of the Script, or (ii) allow third party access to all or any
   portion of the Script or Service.

Representations and Warranties

   You represent and warrant to us that you own all right, title and
   interest in and to the URLs of your website, and you own or have rights
   to publish all of the content published on or through your website and
   the user interface of your website.
   The information, reports and services included in or available through
   the Service may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes
   are periodically added to the information herein. Roxr and/or its
   respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the
   Service at any time, without obligation to notify any person or entity
   of such changes.
   Roxr does not represent or warrant that (i) the Service will be
   error-free or accessible at all times, (ii) defects will be corrected,
   (iii) the Service or the server that makes it available, are free of
   viruses or other harmful component, or (iv) the use or the results of
   the use of the Service or the materials made available as part of the
   Service will be correct, accurate, timely, or otherwise reliable. You
   specifically agree that we shall not be responsible for unauthorized
   access to or alteration of your data, regardless of the party at fault.

Term and Termination

   Either party may terminate this agreement at any time and for any
   reason. In addition, this agreement will terminate immediately, without
   notice, if you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement or if
   you remove the Script from your web pages.
   Upon any termination of this agreement, (i) Roxr will cease providing
   the Service to you; (ii) you will delete all copies of the Script from
   your web page(s); (iii) any outstanding balance payable by you to Roxr
   will become immediately due and payable; (iv) you will not be entitled
   to any refunds of any usage fees or any other fees; and (v) all of your
   historical report data will no longer be available to you.
   You understand that keeping the Script on your web site consumes our
   bandwidth (and hence, money) for every page view on your web site.
   Failure to remove the Script from your web site upon termination may
   force Roxr to take drastic measures to gain your compliance. Such
   measures are determined on a case by case basis.

Warranty and Disclaimer

   THE SERVICE, THE SCRIPT AND REPORTS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THERE ARE
   NO WARRANTIES, CLAIMS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY THE COMPANY EITHER
   EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE, THE
   SCRIPT, THE DOCUMENTATION AND REPORTS, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF QUALITY,
   PERFORMANCE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NOR ARE THERE ANY WARRANTIES CREATED BY COURSE OF
   DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR TRADE USAGE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT
   THE SERVICE, THE SCRIPT OR REPORTS WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR BE FREE FROM
   ERRORS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED.

Limitations of Liability

   THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY
   INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
   LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA COLLECTED THROUGH THE SERVICE),
   OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT,
   WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY
   STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE
   HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE EXCLUSION
   CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FAILURE OF
   THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED IN THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH.
   THE COMPANY'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY
   LOSS OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY CLAIMS, DEMANDS, OR ACTIONS ARISING
   OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USAGE OF THE SERVICE SHALL
   NOT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE FEES PAID BY YOU TO US FOR USE OF THE SERVICE.

Indemnification

   You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Roxr, at your expense,
   against any and all third party claims, actions, proceedings, and suits
   brought against Roxr or any of its officers, directors, employees,
   agents or affiliates, and all related liabilities, damages,
   settlements, penalties, fines, costs or expenses (including, without
   limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by Roxr or any of its
   officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliates, arising out of or
   relating to (i) your breach of any term or condition of this Agreement,
   (ii) your use of the Service, or (iii) your unauthorized use of the
   Script code. In such a case, Roxr will provide you with written notice
   of such claim, suit or action. You shall cooperate as fully as
   reasonably required in the defense of any claim. Roxr reserves the
   right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control
   of any matter subject to indemnification by you.

Compliance

   You will not use the Service in any way or for any purpose that would
   violate, or would have the effect of violating, any applicable laws,
   rules or regulations or any rights of any third parties, including
   without limitation, any law or right regarding any copyright, patent,
   trademark, trade secret, music, image, or other proprietary or property
   right, false advertising, unfair competition, defamation, invasion of
   privacy or rights of celebrity.

Miscellaneous

   The Site contains links to external sites. Roxr is not responsible for
   and has no control over the content of such sites. Information on the
   Site, or available via hypertext link from the Site, is made available
   without responsibility on the part of Roxr. Roxr disclaims all
   responsibility and liability (including for negligence) in relation to
   information on or accessible from the Site.
   Roxr shall be excused from performance hereunder to the extent that
   performance is prevented, delayed or obstructed by causes beyond its
   reasonable control.
   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
   state of Oregon without reference to its conflict of law principles. In
   the event of any conflicts between foreign law, rules, and regulations,
   and Oregon law, rules, and regulations, then Oregon law, rules and
   regulations shall prevail and govern.
   All disputes between the parties arising from this Agreement shall be
   referred to and finally determined by arbitration of one arbitrator,
   conducted in the English language in the State of Oregon, U.S.A., and
   in accordance with the Expedited Arbitration Rules of the World
   Intellectual Property Organization ('WIPO'). The proceedings shall be
   secret and the award shall be final and binding on the parties, and
   each party consents to the award being enforced by order of any court
   of competent jurisdiction. The parties agree to waive any right to jury
   proceedings.
   The Software is controlled by U.S. Export Regulations, and it may be
   not be exported to or used by embargoed countries or individuals. The
   United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
   Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act shall not
   apply to this Agreement. Any notices to the Company must be sent by
   email to support@getclicky.com, and are deemed given upon receipt. A
   waiver of any default is not a waiver of any subsequent default. You
   may not assign or otherwise transfer any of your rights hereunder
   without our prior written consent, and any such attempt is void. The
   relationship between Roxr and you is not one of a legal partnership
   relationship, but is one of independent contractors. This Agreement
   shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective
   successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
   This Agreement (including any amendment agreed upon by the parties in
   writing) represents the complete agreement between us concerning its
   subject matter, and supersedes all prior agreements and representations
   between the parties. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
   unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed to the
   extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum extent
   permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the
   remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

Changes to this Agreement

   This Agreement is active as of the date below and is updated from time
   to time. We will notify you via your registered email address or a
   notice on this website prior to any significant changes becoming
   effective. You should periodically review this page for the latest
   information.
   May 25 2018

Start date

End date

Apply date range

   [10ns.gif]
