   #Smadex » Feed Smadex » Comments Feed Smadex RSS2 Feed

   Smadex

     * Solutions
          + Performance
          + Video
          + Geolocation
          + Brand Safety
     * About
     * Press
     * Partners
     * Gallery
     * Jobs
     * Contact
     * Blog

Privacy & Data Protection Statement

   In this Privacy & Data Protection Statements we inform you of how we
   collect and use certain information concerning Internet end users, in
   the course of our mobile advertising services.

   This information is in compliance with EU Regulation 2016/679,
   otherwise known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In
   particular, we aim to comply with the transparency and information
   requirement set in Articles 13 and 14 GDPR.

Summary

    1. Who we are
    2. What is our business
    3. What categories of data we process or collect
    4. How we collect data
    5. What categories of data we DO NOT process or collect
    6. What do we use this data for
    7. Processing data in aggregate
    8. Retaining data
    9. Sharing data
   10. Legal basis for our data processing
   11. Exercise your rights
   12. Contact our Data Protection Officer
   13. Changes in this policy

Who we are

   Smadex S.L. (hereinafter ‘Smadex’) is a Spanish limited liability
   company operating with V.A.T. number ES B65322034, with headquarters in
   Spain, 08029-Barcelona, carrer Rosselló 33, sobreàtic, and registered
   in the Barcelona Commercial Registry with number B-399036.

   You can contact us at any moment via post mail at the address mentioned
   above, or by e-mail at the following address: privacy@smadex.com.

What is our business

   Smadex technology powers advertisements that can appear on web sites
   and on applications on your mobile devices.

   You may interact directly with our servers (for example, when you click
   on an ad) or indirectly via the mobile web site or application that
   displays the ads.

What categories of data we collect and/or process

   When you visit a website or use an application that uses our
   technology, we collect certain information about you and your device,
   for the purpose of serving advertisements to you.

   Some of this information (including for example your IP addresses and
   certain unique device identifiers), may identify a particular computer
   or device, and may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions,
   such as the European Union.

   We collect the following information that may be regarded as personal
   data:

     * IP address,
     * Device identifiers such as cookie identifiers and unique device
       identifiers,
     * Data concerning the displaying of the advertising, such as
       date/time of viewing, and the website or application where the
       advertisement was displayed,
     * Certain data concerning your activities and actions on the
       advertiser sites, in case you click on the advertising
     * Geolocation (including city, region, country, zip code, and
       potentially geographic coordinates if you have enabled location
       services on your device).

How we collect personal data

   Most of this data is not directly collected by Smadex, but collected
   transferred to us by third party supplied within the online advertising
   supply chain, such as real time bidding markets. Where applicable, such
   parties have obtained consent from the relevant data subject, in order
   to transfer their data to us.

   We current work with the following real time bidding markets:

     * AdColony
     * Appnexus
     * Axonix
     * Bee7
     * Doubleclick
     * Flurry
     * Fyber
     * Glispa
     * LiverRail
     * Max
     * MobFox
     * MoPub
     * One
     * PubMatic
     * Rubicon
     * Smaato
     * Smart AdServer
     * SpotX
     * Tappx
     * Teads

   In addition to that, we use cookies and other standard web technologies
   to collect information, including:

     * “Tags and Pixels” are blocks of code that we and our customers may
       use to track your navigation of websites or apps using our
       technology, and your browsing behaviour. We use pixels to
       synchronize information that we have collected with information
       independently collected by our suppliers, clients, and other third
       parties that are interested in providing you with ads.
     * “Cookies” are data files that often include a unique identifier,
       and are placed on a visitor’s device or computer. We use cookies on
       our customers’ websites in order to operate our technology and
       collect User Information. For more information about cookies, and
       how to disable cookies,  visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org
     * “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” are blocks of code similar to
       tags and pixels that are embedded into an app that allow us to
       track certain information relating to your use of apps using our
       technology.
     * We also use standard device identifiers, for example the “IDFA”
       advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices, to track your
       use of mobile apps.
     * Additionally, we use other technologies, including locally stored
       objects, to collect User Information in order to assist with the
       delivery of ads and to provide reporting to our customers.

What categories of data we do NOT collect

   We do not collect the following categories of data:

     * Data that might be regarded as sensitive under Article 9 GDPR, that
       is information concerning your race, sexual orientation, political
       affiliation or religious beliefs, among others.
     * Data that might be used for the purpose of online behavioural
       advertising, that is data concerning your Internet navigation over
       time, and that might be used in order to infer your personal
       interests.

What do we use this data for

   We use the categories of data mentioned above primarily in order to
   deliver to you targeted advertising we believe will be of particular
   interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising
   works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”)
   educational page at

   https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how
   -does-it-work

   In particular, we can divide all the potential processing of the data
   in three different categories:

   (1)  Buying advertising slots and managing campaigns. By using device
       identifiers and contextual data such as geolocation, visited
       website, and date and hour of visit, we can deliver advertisement
       specifically to your phone. Managing advertising campaigns also
       means that we use your data for ancillary activities, such as
       enabling standard advertising controls, and to protect and
       investigated fraudulent or illegal activity.

   (2)  Monitoring campaign performance. By using device and cookie
       identifiers, we can track whether users that click on or simply see
       the advertisement we manage actually visit the website of our
       clients, and whether they actually buy or subscribe to any product
       or service.

   (3)  Retargeting and segmenting. At the request of our clients, we
       might create lists of devices that we want to target in our
       campaigns, because they have previously carried certain activities,
       such as visiting our client’s website. In doing so, we segment
       Internet users into different audiences that can be targeted
       separately. In such operations, Smadex doesn’t act as data
       controller, but as data processor.

   We do not carry out automated decision-making processes, as described
   in Article 22 GDPR.

Processing data in aggregate

   In addition to all the uses detailed above, we process user data as an
   aggregate, anonymous and non-individual level, in order to (1) operate
   and improve our technology, (2) conduct research and development, (3)
   report on campaign performance with our clients, and (4) carry out
   campaign forecasting.

   Data processed in aggregate is not regarded as personal data, as it
   does not relate to any particular identified or identifiable person.

Retaining data

   We may store the information we collect, such as IP address and other
   information described above, for up to 90 days before we aggregate that
   data into summary reports.

   We store the aggregated summary data (which for example, does not
   include IP address or other information that may be tied to a
   particular browser or device) for longer than 90 days.

Sharing data

   We share the data with other companies operating in the online
   advertising industry, in order to carry out the campaign management,
   performance monitoring, and retargeting and segmenting functioned
   outlined above.

   In particular, we may enter data processing agreements with the
   following categories of data recipients:

     * With real time bidding platforms, for the purpose of managing
       advertisement campaigns.
     * With our clients (i.e. advertising agencies and advertising
       networks), for the purposes of retargeting and segmenting.
     * With trackers, data management platforms and technology suppliers,
       for the purpose of performance monitoring, and in order to carry
       out retargeting and segmenting.

   Where our operations entail a transfer of data outside the European
   Economic Area, Smadex has entered into ‘model clause’ agreements with
   the relevant data recipient.

Legal basis of data processing

   The data processing operations described above are carried out on the
   grounds of two autonomous and independent legal basis.

   In addition to that, Smadex makes an effort to obtain consent from the
   relevant data subject for every data processing. Given that Smadex does
   not interact directly with Internet end users, consent must be obtained
   and transfer by other companies within the advertising supply chain
   that have a direct relationship with the end user.

   In order to obtain, transfer and revoke such consent, we use the
   following technological solutions:

     * The IAB standard for GDPR consent management.

Exercise your rights

   If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the right
   to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your
   personal information be corrected, updated, deleted. You also have the
   right to withdraw any consent.

   If you would like to exercise this right, please see our Data Subject
   Rights Policy for instructions on how to do so:

   [Data Subject Rights Policy].

   Please note that because most of the information we store can only
   identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you
   individually, we require you to provide us with some additional
   information to ensure that we provide you with accurate information.

   In addition, you may also opt-out of receiving marketing communications
   from Smadex. If you would like to exercise this right, please write to
   us at the contact details provided below.

Contact our Data Protection Officer

   Please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer in case
   you want to exercise any of your data protection rights, or if you have
   any question concerning our privacy and data protection policy.

   Our Data Protection Officer can be accessed at the following online and
   post addresses:

   privacy@smadex.com
       Smadex S.L.
       c/ Rosselló 33 SA
       08029 Barcelona-Spain

   You also have the right to lodge a complaint with our Data Protection
   Supervisory Authority, the Agencia Española de Protección de Datos
   (Spanish Agency for Data Protection).

Changes in this policy

   We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to
   reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other
   operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

   If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you
   of any material changes by posting the revised policy on this website,
   and where appropriate, by other means.

   Advertiser solution Video advertising Performance Location advertising
   Brand safety
   About Smadex About Press Partners Jobs
   Resources Contact us Blog Email preferences
   Social media
   Smadex SL 2017©. Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - Data Subject
   Rights Policy - Brand Safety Policy
     *
     *

   Smadex SL 2017©.Terms and Conditions - End User Privacy Policy - Data
   Subject Rights Policy - Brand Safety Policy

   Scroll to top
