   #alternate alternate alternate

   Bordeaux wine tours wine tasting Bordeaux tours Winery tour Bordeaux
   wine tourism Visit vineyards Travel to Bordeaux
   russian version french version
   russian version    french version


   33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux
   [ ]
     * Home
     *   Day Tours
     *   Package
     *   Groups
     *   Transport
     *   Contact Contact [ ]
          + About Us
          + Policy
     *   Reviews
     *   FAQ

Bordeaux Wine Tours Specialist

   Xavier tour guide at 33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux

33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux
is a small local company specialized in private food & wine tours in Bordeaux
for more than 10 years.

   Live an unique and real "cultural experience" including fine wines
   tasting, local gourmet cuisine & personal attention. Explore the
   vineyard with experts and learn more about Bordeaux wines.
   We are also member of the Bordeaux Toursit Board.
   Bordeaux Private Day Wine Tours

Private Day Tours

   We organize personalized visits and wine tasting day tours in Medoc
   (Carbernet), Saint-Emilion (Merlot), Sauternes (Sweet wines), Cognac
   vineyards & luxury tour. We give you the opportunity to visit famous
   Chateaux "Grand Cru Classe" as well as smallest family owned wineries.
   Bordeaux wine experience

Tailor-Made Tours & Package Deals

   During few days, live a real food & wine experience. If you want
   gastronomy in Michelin restaurants, stay for a night in a Chateau,
   special wine tasting tour to celebrate anniversary, honeymoon or
   special event, we can design the perfect trip for your holidays in
   Bordeaux.
   Tour by local in Bordeaux

Local Guides

   Ysabel, Xavier, Chloe... our Local guides are all wine lovers and
   Bordeaux insiders. They know the city and the region as none else, you
   can trust their expertise. You will learn from them stories about
   Chateaux, vineyards and then, Bordeaux will have no more secrets for
   you.
   Wine tours for group

Group Tours, Wine Clubs

   From 10 to 100 persons, we can organize the tour for your group in
   Bordeaux. You are a wine club, family or just a group of friends and
   you want a private wine tour for your party, we have one of the best
   network in Bordeaux to do it for you. Check our section dedicated to
   our Group tour.
   Bus rental in Bordeaux

Bus & Driver Service

   You do have your own itinerary and made your own booking and visits. We
   provide a service of transportation all over the Bordeaux region. From
   a minivan to larger coach, our drivers know their way and drive you to
   your destination in time and safe condition.
   Luxury wine tour in Bordeaux

Deluxe Experience

   Unique in Bordeaux, live a true luxury experience during our tour and
   travel from Chateaux to Chateaux in the amaizing comfort of a Tesla.
   During that day you could also make your own bottle of wine and
   experience lunch in a Michelin star restaurant. Bordeaux is Electric !
   Check our Deluxe wine tour.
   33 tour bordeaux reviews

Reviews

   I would like to thank you for the wonderful simply red tour you
   organized for Kristin, David and myself. Pascal was a great and very
   knowledgeable guide (with a fabulous car😊), the chateaux we visited
   were lovely and took great care in explaining us everything about their
   wines and their production, and we liked our stay in the hotel
   Majestic. The two restaurants you reserved for our lunch were fabulous.
   A Michelin restaurant, what a wonderful and unexpected surprise! We
   really got more on this trip than we expected! Thank you again for this
   awesome experience, we will certainly recommend you to people who
   intend to come to Bordeaux.
   Katharina B- Sept 19
   Cheers !
   Consume alcohol with moderation
   ©
   33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux
   12 allee Stendhal F-33000 Bordeaux, France
   Tour operator N° IM033100027 l Bordeaux Tourist Office Member
   #alternate alternate alternate

   Bordeaux wine tours France
   33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux version française


   [ ]
     *   Главная
     *   Маршруты

     * Медок
     * Св. Эмильон
     * Коньяк
     * Сотерн

Бордо

     33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux принимающее туристическое агентство,
   которое специализируется на регионе Бордо.
    Энотуризм
   Дегустации вин Гран Крю, экскурсии по виноградникам региона Бордо,
   33Tour предлагает Вам индивидуальные маршруты по регионам Сент-Эмильон,
   Марго, Пойяк, где Вам откроют свои двери престижные винные поместья,
   знаменитые Шато.
    Наталья Старченко
   nathalia Отправьтесь на знакомство с регионом Бордо и его
   виноградниками с лицензированным русскоязычным гидом, благодаря
   которому Вы лучше поймете особенности французской культуры, истории и
   гастрономии.
   Наталья Старченко – лицензированный русскоязычный гид, специалист по
   энотуризму. Карта гида № 13-33011P
    Контакты
   33 tour bordeaux reviews Для получения более подробной информации,
   свяжитесь с нами, и мы с удовольствием ответим на все Ваши вопросы и
   предложим Вам программы в соответствии с Вашими пожеланиями.
   Пошлите нам запрос по мейлу и мы ответим Вам в ближайшее время:
   contact@33tour.fr
   France
   33 tour bordeaux reviews
   Consume alcohol with moderation
   ©
   33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux
   12 allee Stendhal F-33000 Bordeaux, France
   Accreditaded Tour operator N° IM033100027 l Bordeaux Tourist Office
   Member
   facebook tripadvisor
   #alternate alternate alternate

   Bordeaux wine tours wine tasting Bordeaux tours Winery tour Bordeaux
   wine tourism Visit vineyards Travel to Bordeaux
   russian version french version
   russian version    french version


   33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux
   [ ]
     * Accueil
     *   Circuits
     *   Groupe
     *   Transport
     *
     *   Contact
     *   CVG

Spécialiste du vignoble

   guides locaux

33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux

   est une agence réceptive spécialisée sur le vignoble bordelais et sa
   région. Depuis 2008 nous organisons des séjours oenotouristiques,
   gastronomiques et des visites privées de Grands Crus Classés ainsi que
   de propriétés familiales. Nos guides sont tous des spécialistes du
   vignoble, ils sauront vous comter l'histoire de leur ville et vous
   faire partager leur passion ainsi que leurs secrets.
   oenotourisme à Bordeaux Oenotourisme
   A l'occasion d'un séjour en Gironde, nous vous emmenons à la découverte
   des richesses culturelles et des secrets qui ont fait la réputation de
   ce prestigieux vignoble. Partez à la découverte des cabernets du Médoc
   ou du merlot de la rive droite, nous vous proposons des circuits
   personnalisés dans les plus prestigieuses appellations à Saint Emilion,
   Margaux, Pauillac, Sauternes ...
   location de bus avec chauffeur Location de bus, minibus avec chauffeur
   Besoin d'une voiture, d'un minibus avec chauffeur pour un déplacement
   d'affaires, un circuit touristique, des navettes pour un mariage ou un
   évènement particulier à Bordeaux ou en Gironde ?
   Que vous soyez professionnel ou particulier, nous vous proposons des
   prestations allant de l'encadrement d'un circuit accompagné au simple
   transport dans un minibus de standing.
   Consume alcohol with moderation
   ©
   33Tour Bordeaux & Chateaux
   12 allee Stendhal F-33000 Bordeaux, France
   Tour operator N° IM033100027 l Bordeaux Tourist Office Member
