   #The Genetic Susceptibility Group Home Copyright RSS

   [logoiarc.gif]
     * [linkedin.jpg]
     * [rss.jpg]
     * [twitter.jpg]

   Menu

Genetic Susceptibility Group

   You are here: Home
     * LIMS
     * SMS
     * Genetic Services Platform
     * Align GVGD
     * BRCA Database
     * Taqman SNP DB
     * Contact

   [spacer.png]
     * [banner.jpg]

     * [home-banner.jpg]

   You are here: Home

Rationale:

   Identifying the genes involved in cancer development leads to a greater
   understanding of the biological pathways involved in the carcinogenic
   process and, through the observation of gene–environment interactions,
   can elucidate how environmental factors exert their effects. It also
   has increasing utility in risk management, detection, diagnosis, and
   the clinical management of many types of cancer. Within its research
   goals, the Genetic Cancer Susceptibility Group (GCS) aims to describe
   the genes involved in cancer susceptibility and development and,
   subsequently, how they exert their effects. GCS uses a
   multidisciplinary genomic approach, integrating data from genetics,
   pathology, epidemiology, and multi-genomic techniques to assist the
   Group's research.
   GCS works on common cancers, such as lung cancer, but tends to focus on
   rare cancers, such as those of the head and neck (including oesophageal
   and nasopharyngeal cancers), kidney and thoracic tumours, and
   lymphomas. In addition, GCS is exploring the potential for genomic
   techniques to be used as measures of circulating genomic biomarkers,
   testing their utility as mechanisms of minimally invasive early
   detection and surveillance of cancer.
   The final role of GCS is to support the Agency's capacity in genomics.
   GCS aims to adapt laboratory, pathology, and bioinformatics-related
   genomic techniques to suit IARC's particular needs and mission, and to
   support genomics-related activities across the Agency through the
   Genetics Platform (GSP).

Objectives:

   The main objective of GCS's research interests is to investigate the
   influence of genetic variation on cancer etiology: to identify the
   genes involved, the mechanisms by which genetic variants exert their
   effect, and how they interact with environmental factors. To achieve
   this, GCS scientists with backgrounds in genetics, genomics,
   bioinformatics, and pathology work together to develop innovative
   genomics-based study designs. The objective of GCS is therefore to
   develop multidisciplinary genomic applications, including:

     Laboratory: Optimization of laboratory workflows and quality control
   procedures for the particular setting of samples collected across a
   variety of settings.

     Pathology: Ensuring appropriate morphological review, adapting
   sampling methods to ensure that the relevant tissue types are available
   for study, and making the link between morphological and molecular
   features.

     Computational science: Developing and implementing the bioinformatics
   resources required for the analysis of the genomics data. GCS develops
   methods that enable the integration of these multi-layered genomics
   data and, ideally, augment the more traditional analysis approaches.
   GCS then applies these methods in epidemiological studies, particularly
   within large international consortia. An example is GCS's recent work
   in the lung cancer OncoArray project as part of the Genetic
   Associations and Mechanisms in Oncology (GAME-ON) initiative. First,
   GCS used its genetics and bioinformatics skills to harmonize, combine,
   and analyse very large genetic datasets across multiple studies.
   Second, GCS used its laboratory skills to confirm the veracity of the
   findings arising from this first analysis by confirming the fidelity of
   genotyping results. Finally, GCS explored the functional effects by
   using genomic measures to determine the functional effects of these
   genetic variants.
   GCS continues to undertake this type of study but also focuses on the
   genomic analysis of exceptional samples identified within these large
   studies; examples are patients who have inherited susceptibility
   alleles, nasopharyngeal cancers that arise in patients who have
   consumed large amounts of salted fish in South-East Asia, and
   multi-omics studies of very rare lung neuroendocrine neoplasms and
   mesothelioma collected across multicentre studies.
   The other major objective of GCS is the Group's responsibilities
   regarding genomics at the Agency. Here, the focus is on the adaptation
   of genomic techniques to suit IARC's particular needs and mission,
   while ensuring their optimal application and cost-effectiveness. These
   techniques are applied in GCS's research and, through the Genetics
   Platform (GSP), also in scientific activities across IARC. The GSP
   makes these genomic techniques accessible to IARC scientific groups and
   provides support throughout the complete project life-cycle, including
   planning, execution, quality control, and subsequent analysis. Working
   closely with various IARC committees (Laboratory Steering Committee
   [LSC] and Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, and Biostatistics
   [C3B] Steering Committee) and scientific groups, GCS also coordinates
   the development of the Agency's genomic and bioinformatics capacity and
   provides training at IARC and elsewhere, in these areas.

Current Research Topics:

     * 1. Identify the genes involved in lung cancer susceptibility: GCS
       is using exome sequencing-based approaches and very large
       imputation-based genome-wide association studies (GWAS) to
       investigate genetic susceptibility to lung cancer. GCS also studies
       the lung tumours that arise in patients who have inherited lung
       cancer susceptibility alleles, to explore the impact that genetic
       susceptibility has on the subsequent tumour phenotype (supported by
       the United States National Cancer Institute [NCI], the French
       Institut National du Cancer [INCa], and France Génomique). GCS has
       similar interests in other types of cancer, particularly lymphomas.
     * 2. Explore the mechanisms by which genetic variants influence the
       carcinogenic process: Nasopharyngeal cancer is common in southern
       and eastern Asia, whereas it is relatively rare in Europe and North
       America. It has been linked with genetic susceptibility,
       consumption of salted fish (and nitrosamines), and exposure to
       Epstein–Barr virus (EBV). This project aims to investigate how
       these three factors interact to influence the carcinogenic process
       (supported by the World Cancer Research Fund).
     * 3. Test the utility of circulating tumour DNA (ctDNA) as a
       biomarker for detecting cancer at early stages: Using and further
       expanding the genomic tools that GCS has developed for detecting
       low-abundance ctDNA mutations, GCS assesses the potential of
       tumour-derived alterations as an early biomarker in lung,
       oesophageal, and urinary bladder cancer, as well as exploring the
       prevalence of ctDNA in apparently healthy individuals (supported by
       the French INCa and La Ligue Nationale contre le Cancer, and the
       National Institute for Medical Research Development, Islamic
       Republic of Iran).
     * 4. Multi-omics molecular characterization of malignant pleural
       mesothelioma (MESOMICS): This project aims to compile a
       comprehensive molecular characterization of malignant mesothelioma.
       It is hoped that this may lead to a more comprehensive
       understanding of the disease, which will help improve its
       diagnosis, identify potential markers for early detection, and
       ultimately provide patients with more promising therapeutic options
       (supported by the French INCa and La Ligue Nationale contre le
       Cancer, and the French national mesothelioma biobank). 5. Unveil
       the molecular pathways underlying the development of pulmonary
       carcinoids (LungNENomics): GCS is working within a multicentre
       study across 16 centres and 7 countries to put together material
       for a genomics study of these rare and understudied lung tumours.
       The main goal of this project is to generate comprehensive,
       multidisciplinary, and multi-omics datasets that will shed light on
       the pathogenesis of pulmonary carcinoids and that will thereby
       improve the diagnosis and clinical management of these diseases
       (supported by the United States NIH, the French INCa and La Ligue
       Nationale contre le Cancer, and the Dutch Cancer Society).
     * 6. Apply pathology in genetics and genomics studies: GCS also works
       towards optimizing morphological review, integrating and adapting
       sampling methods to ensure that the relevant tissue types are
       selected for genomic studies running across the Agency. As an
       example, GCS coordinates and manages the whole pathology workflow
       for the Mutographs project. This includes contributing to the
       development of operating protocols for multicentre sample
       collection, defining precise morphological criteria to be evaluated
       by the expert panel of pathologists via online review, and
       facilitating the linkage between morphological features and genomic
       findings. GCS also leads training initiatives in pathology within
       the Agency, as well as training in standardized sampling methods in
       several low- and middle-income countries.
     * 7. Develop computational biology tools: GCS aims to develop and
       implement the bioinformatics resources to analyse the genomics data
       and to then integrate these multi-layered genomics data into GCS
       studies. Sharing of bioinformatics pipelines takes place across
       IARC groups, and GCS is involved in coordinating the activities of
       the bioinformaticians nested within IARC's scientific groups. This
       focuses on ease of use, reproducibility, and portability, enabling
       analyses to be performed easily on personal computers, on
       high-performance computing clusters, or in the cloud. These
       developments are shared with the wider community as open-source
       projects (cf. https://github.com/IARCbioinfo/). This aspect is
       especially important to ensure that scientists from low- and
       middle-income countries can also benefit from IARC developments in
       bioinformatics, and GCS is working towards identifying how IARC can
       provide additional training in this context.
       Recent Publications:
       1. George J, Walter V, Peifer M, Alexandrov LB, Seidel D, Leenders
       F, Maas L, Muller C, Dahmen I, Delhomme TM, Ardin M, Leblay N,
       Byrnes G, Sun R, De Reynies A, McLeer-Florin A, Bosco G, Malchers
       F, Menon R, Altmuller J, Becker C, Nurnberg P, Achter V, Lang U,
       Schneider PM, Bogus M, Soloway MG, Wilkerson MD, Cun Y, McKay JD,
       Moro-Sibilot D, Brambilla CG, Lantuejoul S, Lemaitre N, Soltermann
       A, Weder W, Tischler V, Brustugun OT, Lund-Iversen M, Helland A,
       Solberg S, Ansen S, Wright G, Solomon B, Roz L, Pastorino U,
       Petersen I, Clement JH, Sanger J, Wolf J, Vingron M, Zander T,
       Perner S, Travis WD, Haas SA, Olivier M, Foll M, Buttner R, Hayes
       DN, Brambilla E, Fernandez-Cuesta L, Thomas RK. Integrative genomic
       profiling of large-cell neuroendocrine carcinomas reveals distinct
       subtypes of high-grade neuroendocrine lung tumors. Nature
       communications. 2018;9(1):1048. 29535388. PMC5849599.
       2. McKay JD, Hung RJ, Han Y, Zong X, Carreras-Torres R, Christiani
       DC, Caporaso NE, Johansson M, Xiao X, Li Y, Byun J, Dunning A,
       Pooley KA, Qian DC, Ji X, Liu G, Timofeeva MN, Bojesen SE, Wu X, Le
       Marchand L, Albanes D, Bickeboller H, Aldrich MC, Bush WS, Tardon
       A, Rennert G, Teare MD, Field JK, Kiemeney LA, Lazarus P, Haugen A,
       Lam S, Schabath MB, Andrew AS, Shen H, Hong YC, Yuan JM, Bertazzi
       PA, Pesatori AC, Ye Y, Diao N, Su L, Zhang R, Brhane Y, Leighl N,
       Johansen JS, Mellemgaard A, Saliba W, Haiman CA, Wilkens LR,
       Fernandez-Somoano A, Fernandez-Tardon G, van der Heijden HFM, Kim
       JH, Dai J, Hu Z, Davies MPA, Marcus MW, Brunnstrom H, Manjer J,
       Melander O, Muller DC, Overvad K, Trichopoulou A, Tumino R, Doherty
       JA, Barnett MP, Chen C, Goodman GE, Cox A, Taylor F, Woll P, Bruske
       I, Wichmann HE, Manz J, Muley TR, Risch A, Rosenberger A, Grankvist
       K, Johansson M, Shepherd FA, Tsao MS, Arnold SM, Haura EB, Bolca C,
       Holcatova I, Janout V, Kontic M, Lissowska J, Mukeria A, Ognjanovic
       S, Orlowski TM, Scelo G, Swiatkowska B, Zaridze D, Bakke P, Skaug
       V, Zienolddiny S, Duell EJ, Butler LM, Koh WP, Gao YT, Houlston RS,
       McLaughlin J, Stevens VL, Joubert P, Lamontagne M, Nickle DC,
       Obeidat M, Timens W, Zhu B, Song L, Kachuri L, Artigas MS, Tobin
       MD, Wain LV, Rafnar T, Thorgeirsson TE, Reginsson GW, Stefansson K,
       Hancock DB, Bierut LJ, Spitz MR, Gaddis NC, Lutz SM, Gu F, Johnson
       EO, Kamal A, Pikielny C, Zhu D, Lindstroem S, Jiang X, Tyndale RF,
       Chenevix-Trench G, Beesley J, Bosse Y, Chanock S, Brennan P, Landi
       MT, Amos CI. Large-scale association analysis identifies new lung
       cancer susceptibility loci and heterogeneity in genetic
       susceptibility across histological subtypes. Nature genetics.
       2017;49(7):1126-32. 28604730. PMC5510465.
       3. Anantharaman D, Abedi-Ardekani B, Beachler DC, Gheit T, Olshan
       AF, Wisniewski K, Wunsch-Filho V, Toporcov TN, Tajara EH, Levi JE,
       Moyses RA, Boccia S, Cadoni G, Rindi G, Ahrens W, Merletti F,
       Conway DI, Wright S, Carreira C, Renard H, Chopard P, McKay-Chopin
       S, Scelo G, Tommasino M, Brennan P, D’Souza G. Geographic
       heterogeneity in the prevalence of human papillomavirus in head and
       neck cancer. International journal of cancer. 2017;140(9):1968-75.
       28108990.
       4. Wang Y, McKay JD, Rafnar T, Wang Z, Timofeeva MN, Broderick P,
       Zong X, Laplana M, Wei Y, Han Y, Lloyd A, Delahaye-Sourdeix M,
       Chubb D, Gaborieau V, Wheeler W, Chatterjee N, Thorleifsson G,
       Sulem P, Liu G, Kaaks R, Henrion M, Kinnersley B, Vallee M, Le
       Calvez-Kelm F, Stevens VL, Gapstur SM, Chen WV, Zaridze D,
       Szeszenia-Dabrowska N, Lissowska J, Rudnai P, Fabianova E, Mates D,
       Bencko V, Foretova L, Janout V, Krokan HE, Gabrielsen ME, Skorpen
       F, Vatten L, Njolstad I, Chen C, Goodman G, Benhamou S, Vooder T,
       Valk K, Nelis M, Metspalu A, Lener M, Lubinski J, Johansson M,
       Vineis P, Agudo A, Clavel-Chapelon F, Bueno-de-Mesquita HB,
       Trichopoulos D, Khaw KT, Johansson M, Weiderpass E, Tjonneland A,
       Riboli E, Lathrop M, Scelo G, Albanes D, Caporaso NE, Ye Y, Gu J,
       Wu X, Spitz MR, Dienemann H, Rosenberger A, Su L, Matakidou A,
       Eisen T, Stefansson K, Risch A, Chanock SJ, Christiani DC, Hung RJ,
       Brennan P, Landi MT, Houlston RS, Amos CI. Corrigendum: Rare
       variants of large effect in BRCA2 and CHEK2 affect risk of lung
       cancer. Nature genetics. 2017;49(4):651. 28358128.
       5. Le Calvez-Kelm F, Foll M, Wozniak MB, Delhomme TM, Durand G,
       Chopard P, Pertesi M, Fabianova E, Adamcakova Z, Holcatova I,
       Foretova L, Janout V, Vallee MP, Rinaldi S, Brennan P, McKay JD,
       Byrnes GB, Scelo G. KRAS mutations in blood circulating cell-free
       DNA: a pancreatic cancer case-control. Oncotarget.
       2016;7(48):78827-40. 27705932. PMC5346680.
       6. Fernandez-Cuesta L, Perdomo S, Avogbe PH, Leblay N, Delhomme TM,
       Gaborieau V, Abedi-Ardekani B, Chanudet E, Olivier M, Zaridze D,
       Mukeria A, Vilensky M, Holcatova I, Polesel J, Simonato L, Canova
       C, Lagiou P, Brambilla C, Brambilla E, Byrnes G, Scelo G, Le
       Calvez-Kelm F, Foll M, McKay JD, Brennan P. Identification of
       Circulating Tumor DNA for the Early Detection of Small-cell Lung
       Cancer. EBioMedicine. 2016;10:117-23. 27377626.
       7. Cozen W, Timofeeva MN, Li D, Diepstra A, Hazelett D,
       Delahaye-Sourdeix M, Edlund CK, Franke L, Rostgaard K, Van Den Berg
       DJ, Cortessis VK, Smedby KE, Glaser SL, Westra HJ, Robison LL, Mack
       TM, Ghesquieres H, Hwang AE, Nieters A, de SS, Lightfoot T, Becker
       N, Maynadie M, Foretova L, Roman E, Benavente Y, Rand KA, Nathwani
       BN, Glimelius B, Staines A, Boffetta P, Link BK, Kiemeney L, Ansell
       SM, Bhatia S, Strong LC, Galan P, Vatten L, Habermann TM, Duell EJ,
       Lake A, Veenstra RN, Visser L, Liu Y, Urayama KY, Montgomery D,
       Gaborieau V, Weiss LM, Byrnes G, Lathrop M, Cocco P, Best T, Skol
       AD, Adami HO, Melbye M, Cerhan JR, Gallagher A, Taylor GM, Slager
       SL, Brennan P, Coetzee GA, Conti DV, Onel K, Jarrett RF, Hjalgrim
       H, van den Berg A, McKay JD. A meta-analysis of Hodgkin lymphoma
       reveals 19p13.3 TCF3 as a novel susceptibility locus. Nature
       communications. 2014;5:3856. 24920014. PMC4055950.

                           Last update 13/02/2019
          + LIMS
          +
               o
          + SMS
          +
               o
          + Genetic Services Platform
          +
               o
          + Align GVGD
          +
               o
          + BRCA Database
          +
               o
          + Taqman SNP DB
          +
               o
          + Contact
          +
               o
          + [linkedin.jpg]
          + [rss.jpg]
          + [twitter.jpg]
       IARC, 150 Cours Albert Thomas, 69372 Lyon CEDEX 08, France - Tel:
       +33 (0)4 72 73 84 85
       © IARC 2019 - All Rights Reserved.
