   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate alternate

   Meetic Ireland - Online Dating Site
   (BUTTON)
   Register
   (BUTTON)
   Log in

Meetic Ireland - Online Dating Site

   Register for free
   to meet new people today!
   Hi, I’m your Match coach. How can I help you?
   (BUTTON)
   I am looking for a man
   (BUTTON)
   I am looking for a woman

Why Match?

Find the person who’s right for you

   Our members are looking for their very own love story and we do
   everything to help them achieve it.

   3, 2, 1 go! On Match, dating profiles are very detailed. You can find
   matches using the criteria search or just browse through the array of
   members’ profiles.

   Need a helping hand? Let our virtual online dating coach Lara be your
   guide to finding your ideal partner.

   Bye bye routine, hello surprise. Come and meet singles near you at one
   of our vibrant and informal Match nights.

   Every day great story start on Match. Start your story now.
   (BUTTON)
   Start now your own story!

Broad visibility of your profile

   By creating your profile on Match, it will be visible on the local
   variants of our service which use the same platform operated under
   different brand names. For more information about the terms of your
   profile’s extended visibility, click here.

Trust and safety

   Ensuring the safety of our clients is our top priority, profiles are
   moderated and your personal data is protected.

   Want to be more in control?

   Choose “Incognito Mode”

   View dating profiles discreetly and only appear to members you are
   interested in.

   Opt for “Zen Mode”

   You’ll only be contacted by profiles that match your criteria.

How does it work?

You’re just 3 steps away from a great date

1 Tell us who you are!

   Talk about yourself. The secret? Be natural, honest and spontaneous. A
   few lines are enough to make an impression.

   Why not add a bit of humour, too?
   Be precise: the more search criteria you complete, the greater your
   chances are of being contacted by singles who share the same interests
   as you.

   Share your photos. Create an album that reflects your personality.

   Matthew

   30 years - Dublin
   I will pick you up by bike to have a glass if you like…
     * - Tall, bearded guys
     * - Men who love cooking
     * - Getting in touch with your wild side…

2 Find the right person

   Meet the person who’s right for you thanks to our detailed search.

   Discover our personalised selection of detailed dating profiles.

   Come and meet other singles at our Match evenings and activities.

   It’s a match!

   Matthew & Ashley

   Send message

3 Discuss

   Don’t know how to kick start the conversation?

   Tell them about the little details that attracted you to their online
   dating profile or discuss your shared interests.

   Or be creative and share a music link, or a GIF!

   Read our advice articles to make your profile as attractive as possible
   and find tips on how to break the ice.
   Discover our dating advice

Afterworks for singles

   Make space in your diary! Come to our singles nights and events for
   your age group in your area.

   Meet singles over a drink at one of our free drinks events. There are
   free!

   Don’t want to come on your own? Ask your friends to come too!

   What are you waiting for?

   Singles events in Dublin
   Singles events

Match for mobile

   Match is with you whenever you need: we’re available on computer,
   mobile or tablet.
   Download the Match app for iOS or Android.
   Download on the App StoreGet it on Google Play

   Start meeting singles who are ready to commit today
   (BUTTON)
   Register

Our services

     * Singles nights & events
     * Online dating safety tips
     * Help/Contact us
     * Advertising
     * Press
     * Affiliation
     * MatchAffinity.ie

International dating

     * match.com UK
     * match.com Norway
     * match.com Denmark
     * match.com Sweden
     * match.com Finland
     * Germany
     * Italy
     * Austria
     * Spain
     * France
     * Belgium - FR
     * Belgium - NL
     * Netherlands
     * Portugal
     * Switzerland - FR
     * Switzerland - GM
     * Rest of the world

   © 2019 Match | Match is a meetic network website.
     * Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy policy
     * Cookie policy
     * Terms and Conditions Events
     * Our mission

   Privacy: The information you provide will be used by Match.com
   International Limited and/or DatingDirect.com Limited, Meetic’s group
   companies (by which we mean Meetic, any parent company of Meetic, and
   any subsidiaries of Meetic or its parent company), and their service
   providers located within and outside of the European Union (described
   herein as, the “Meetic Group”) in order to provide you with access to
   the Meetic Services. You may access or request access to information
   concerning you in order to have it modified, deleted or to forbid any
   further use of it by us in the dedicated “My Account” section of Match
   or by using the contact details provided in the Terms of Use. Some
   information, comments or content (e.g. photographs, video, profile,
   lifestyle) that you optionally provide may possibly, under your own
   responsibility and on your own initiative, reveal your ethnic origin,
   nationality, religion and/or sexual orientation. By providing such
   optional information, you confirm your intention and, consequently,
   expressly consent to, and take sole responsibility for, the processing
   of this mentioned “sensitive” data by us and our group companies, and
   their service providers located within and outside of the European
   Union. We will process and protect the information you provide to us in
   accordance with your privacy choices and the Terms of Use.
   Broad visibility of your profile: By creating your profile on Match, it
   will be visible on the local variants of our service which use the same
   platform operated under different brand names. For more information
   about the terms of your profile’s extended visibility, click here.
   For any complaints and enquiries you may contact us here. If we are not
   able to resolve a complaint, you may submit it through the EU online
   dispute resolution platform at http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Please note
   that a complaint submitted through the online platform will not be
   considered unless you have raised it with us first.
