   [ ]
   Intro
   Partners
   Advertisters
   Request a Demo
   Home
   Product Suite
   Inside Partners
   Inside Advertisers
   Request a Demo
   Privacy Policy
   health

RUN

   Intro
   Partners
   Advertisters
   Request a Demo
   Home
   Product Suite
   Inside Partners
   Inside Advertisers
   Request a Demo
   Privacy Policy
   health


Who We Are and What We Do

   RUN, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Publicis Groupe SA, ("RUN,"
   "we," "us" or "our") is a technology solutions ("Technology") provider
   in the digital media marketplace. Our clients are primarily
   advertisers, ad agencies, website and app publishers, data providers,
   and other businesses that utilize our services. RUN is a data
   controller for the purposes of European data protection law. RUN is
   committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal
   data is protected. Our Data Protection Officer can be reached
   at privacy@runads.com .

Privacy Policy Highlights

What Information Do We Collect?

   We collect your:
     * web browsing activity (e.g. web pages visited, and time and date of
       your visit
     * device type (e.g., a computer, tablet, smartphone, gaming console
       or smart/connected TV)
     * IP address
     * device identifiers
     * location information
     * information about your interaction with our Technology, including
       which ads you viewed and whether you viewed or clicked on an
       advertisement.

   We also receive your demographic and behavioral information from third
   parties.

How Do We Use the Information We Collect?

   RUN uses information it receives and collects for its legitimate
   business purposes, including to:
     * tailor, target, and assess the effectiveness of the ads we deliver
       to you, and to avoid showing you the same ads repeatedly
     * identify and retarget an individual across multiple devices (e.g.,
       you may receive advertisements about automobiles on your computer
       because based on your browsing activity on your mobile device, you
       have been flagged as being interested in purchasing an automobile).

Who Do We Share Your Information With?

     * Our Affiliates, including Publicis Groupe Agencies and their
       clients (advertisers)
     * Our service providers (ad servers, analytics/reporting vendors, ad
       exchanges, supply side platforms, cloud service providers.

How Long Do We Retain Your Information?

     * Cookies expire after 90 days and any ID information is removed.
     * Mobile device ID information is deleted every five years
     * Web log data, aggregations and reports are retained for as long as
       necessary for the purposes for which such information is collected

Our Cookie Policy

   We use "pixel tags" and/or "cookies," which are commonly used on the
   Internet. Pixel tags and cookies help us understand how you use a
   publisher's website and the effectiveness of an ad so that we can more
   accurately deliver the types of ads that are relevant to your
   interests. Opt-out via the links below:
     * NAI – http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
     * DAA – http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
     * DAA AppChoices – http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices/
     * DAAC (Canada) – http://www.youradchoices.ca/choices/
     * EDA (Europe) – http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/

What Are Your Choices and Rights?

   You always have the right to:
     * obtain confirmation of the existence of your personal information
       in RUN’s database
     * verify the origin and accuracy of your personal information
     * request that we correct, update, amend, delete, or transform your
       personal information into anonymous form
     * provide you information about how we use your information
     * oppose the processing of your personal information on legitimate
       grounds

International Transfer of Information

   We operate internationally and transfer information to the United
   States and other countries for the purposes described in this policy.

   We rely on multiple legal bases to lawfully transfer personal data
   around the world. These include your consent and EU Commission approved
   model contractual clauses, which require certain privacy and security
   protections.

Security

   RUN has established appropriate technical and organizational safeguards
   consistent with industry standards and applicable law to help prevent
   unauthorized access, loss, disclosure, modification or destruction of
   the information we collect.

Children

   We do not knowingly collect PII from, and do not create user segments
   targeted for children under 13 years of age.

Third Party Advertisers and Links

   RUN's Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by
   third-parties If you click on links that are owned or controlled by
   third parties, you will be subject to that party’s policies.

Do Not Track

   RUN responds to do not track signals.

Your California Privacy Rights

   California residents have the right to request and obtain a list of the
   third parties, if any, to which personal information (as defined by
   California law) has been disclosed for their direct marketing purposes.
   California residents also have the right to opt out of having their
   personal information shared for direct marketing purposes.

Updates and Contacting Us

   privacy@runads.com
   RUN, Inc.
   375 Hudson, 8th Floor
   New York, New York 10014 Updates to our policies will be posted to our
   Site.

Full Privacy and Cookies Policy

   We support industry self-regulation and adhere to applicable industry
   guidelines. RUN adheres to DAA principles and guidelines and is a
   member in good standing of industry associations that establish best
   practices in the area of online advertising, including the Interactive
   Advertising Bureau ("IAB"), the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI")
   the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") (including the DAA AppChoices
   Program for smartphones and tablets), the European Interactive Digital
   Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance of
   Canada (“DAAC”). RUN adheres to the IAB Code of Conduct, the NAI Code
   of Conduct, the NAI Mobile Application Code and the Self-Regulatory
   Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. RUN complies with the
   cross-industry enhanced notice standard as set forth in the
   Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.

I. What Information Do We Collect?

   Our Technology, which includes our pixel and related tracking
   technology, is used by advertisers to connect with consumers. When ads
   are delivered using our Technology, we collect information about your
   interaction with our Technology, your web browsing activity and your
   device, which may include:
     * Your device identifiers and device type (e.g., a computer, tablet,
       smartphone, gaming console or smart/connected TV)
     * Your IP address
     * Your location information
     * The date and time of your visit
     * Browser type
     * Web pages visited when viewing an ad
     * Information about your interaction with our Technology when viewing
       content on your device, including whether you interacted with the
       advertisement (viewed a video ad to completion or clicked on an ad)
     * What content you viewed (which advertisement we delivered to you)
     * Mobile Ad IDs (MAIDs) such as a Google Advertising ID (GAID) or an
       Apple Advertising Identifier (IDFA) (collected as a result of
       running digital advertisements on behalf of our clients)
     * Carrier IDs (from US users only)
     * Information about the apps you use and the location of your device
       (if you have elected to provide that information to the publishers
       with whom we have partnered)

   RUN also obtains behavioral, contextual and demographic information
   from third party data providers based in the United States. We use that
   information to serve interest-based ads. For example:
     * If you visit a number of automobile-related web sites, you may be
       flagged as being interested in purchasing an automobile.
     * Our clients may use health-related segments such as an inferred
       interest in health and wellness (e.g., personal training or gym
       membership). (click here for a complete list of Health-related
       segments provided by 3rd party data providers that may be used in
       RUN's platform).

II. How We Use Information Collected Through Our Technology

   RUN uses information it receives and collects through its Technology to
   tailor, target, and assess the effectiveness of the ads we deliver to
   you, and to avoid showing you the same ads repeatedly. Our analysis
   includes contextual and demographic elements and behaviors and viewing
   preferences. We use this information to predict the characteristics and
   preferences of the viewers on web sites that use our Technology. We
   report this information to our advertiser clients in an aggregated form
   to assist them in targeting their ad campaigns to a relevant Internet
   audience, and to our web site owner clients to gain an understanding of
   the general make-up of individuals who visit their site(s).
   Collectively, this information assists advertisers and web site owners
   in delivering effective ad campaigns to their audience and allows for a
   more relevant and meaningful ad experience for the consumer.

   We use personal information that we collect about you for the following
   legitimate business purposes:
     * to better understand what products or services may be of interest
       to you
     * to provide content-relevant ads
     * to improve our Technology;
     * to perform any automated decision making such as assigning you to a
       specific audience group with common characteristics in order
       provide you with advertisements that may be most relevant to you
     * to evaluate our Site and your experience as a visitor
     * to retarget an individual across multiple devices (e.g., you may
       receive advertisements
     * about,automobiles on your computer because based on your browsing
       activity on your mobile device, you have been flagged as being
       interested in purchasing an automobile)
     * to inform our proprietary cross-device algorithm, which allows RUN
       to map multiple devices and cookies to one individual for the
       purpose of serving that user another ad on a different device.

   When you provide information to us via our website, we use it to
   respond to your inquiry/request (i.e. to subscribe to our blog, to
   request a demo of our Technology, or to consider your resume).

   We may offer our clients the use of a data management platform to
   enable them to manage their own customer information. Each of our
   clients’ separate privacy policies govern the collection and use of
   this information. However, if you opt-out of our services by following
   the instructions below, you will no longer receive interest-based ads
   from RUN.

III. Who Do We Share Your Information With?

   We share the information collected through the Technology with:
     * Our Affiliates, including Publicis Groupe Agencies and their
       clients (advertisers)
     * Our service providers, which are contractually obligated to provide
       services to us in a manner consistent with this Policy. Our service
       providers include:
          + Supply side platforms and ad exchanges, which make publisher
            inventory (ad space) available for us to bid on
          + Publishers of the websites and mobile apps on which ads
            containing our Technology appear
          + Our ad servers, which place an ad on a publisher website
            containing our Technology
          + Vendors that provide analytics/reporting services
          + Cloud Service Providers
     * Any company that in the future purchases RUN (or our assets) . We
       will share your data with that company as one of those assets.

   Any third parties will be required by us to implement measures to
   protect your personal information. Please note that we may need to
   disclose your personal information if we are required to do so by law,
   to exercise and protect the legal rights of RUN or its personnel and
   representatives, to investigate, prevent or respond to suspected
   illicit activities, including fraud and threats of harm to individuals.

IV. How Long Do We Retain Your Information

   Information Collected Through Our Technology : RUN sets cookies to
   expire after ninety days and the expiration date refreshes every time
   you encounter our server through our Technology. After ninety days we
   remove cookie information from information collected through our
   Technology and retain web log data, aggregations and reports for as
   long as necessary for the purposes for which such information is
   collected as described in this Privacy Policy and to comply with
   applicable legal requirements. RUN removes mobile device ID information
   from information collected through our Technology every five years and
   retains web log data, aggregations and reports for as long as necessary
   for the purposes for which such information is collected as described
   in this Privacy Policy and to comply with applicable legal
   requirements. Information Collected Through Our Site: If you submit
   information through our Site, we will retain it for as long as required
   to process your requests.

V. Our Cookie Policy

   For information that we collect, directly or indirectly, we typically
   employ the use of "pixel tags" and/or "cookies," which are commonly
   used on the Internet. Pixel tags and cookies help us understand how you
   use a publisher's website and the effectiveness of an ad so that we can
   more accurately deliver the types of ads that are relevant to your
   interests.
     * Pixel tags are small bits of code that reside on a website and
       provide a method of information delivery allowing the operator of
       the page or a third party to collect information about the visitors
       to the page.

   Cookies are small text files that are stored on the browser of your
   computer that assign an anonymous identifier to your browser and
   provide information to the cookie sender.

   Pixel tags or cookies do not in any way damage your operating system or
   files.

   Cookies/Pixel on the Site: We use cookies to make it easier for you to
   navigate our Site and to enable us to track and target the interests of
   our users to improve our online presence. Most browsers automatically
   accept cookies by default, but you can adjust the preferences in the
   browser of your computer or device to warn you each time a cookie is
   being sent, or to block some or all cookies. While you may still use
   our Site if you reject cookies, your ability to use some areas of our
   Site may be limited. Where required by law, we collect your consent for
   the use of such non-essential cookies and you can always opt-out.

   Cookies/Pixels via our Technology: You can refuse RUN cookies, but
   doing so may result in the receipt of the same ads or ads that do not
   cater to your interests. To permanently object to the placing of RUN
   cookies on your computer, you can use the opt-out process described
   below.

   What types of cookies do we use and how can you opt out?

   Cookies/Pixels on Our Site, or other parties we do business with, may
   place or recognize unique cookies or other technologies on your browser
   when you visit our Site. We, or these third parties, may use these
   cookies or other technologies to collect information about your use of
   our Site and your other online activities over time and across
   different websites, and may use that information to serve
   interest-based advertisements to you as you browse the Internet.

   Below is additional detail on the cookies that may be placed on your
   device when you visit the Site:

   Cookie NameCookie TypeNotesRUN_IDStringRUN_OPTOUTStringTo keep a flag
   of users who opted outRUN_SYNC_nStringn is a rotating number

   To learn more about such interest-based advertising, and to opt-out of
   such collection and use, please visit the below links of the NAI and
   DAA in the US:
     * NAI – http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
     * DAA – http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
     * DAA AppChoices – http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices/

   To learn more about such interest-based advertising, and to opt-out of
   such collection and use, please visit the below links of the DAAC in
   Canada and the EDAA in the European Union:
     * DAAC – http://www.youradchoices.ca/choices/
     * EDAA – ttp://www.youronlinechoices.eu/

   PLEASE NOTE: If you erase or otherwise alter your browser’s cookie file
   (including upgrading certain browsers), or use a new or different
   computer, you may need to opt out again.

   Cookies/Pixels Placed via RUN Technology

   Below is additional detail on the cookies that may be placed on your
   device when our clients use our Technology:

   Cookie NameCookie TypeNotesRUN_IDStringRUN_OPTOUTStringTo keep a flag
   of users who opted outRUN_SYNC_nStringn is a rotating number

   You have the choice of opting out of receiving targeted advertising
   based on information collected through our Technology. Opting out will
   disassociate your data from RUN’s system and will prevent you from
   being targeted in the future by RUN. If you do not want to receive more
   relevant advertising, customized to your interests, please click here.
   You may also opt-out of receiving targeted advertising, by clicking on
   the AdChoice link within an ad served to you, or visiting the below
   links:
     * NAI – http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
     * DAA – http://www.aboutads.info/choices/

   RUN is an active member of the industry associations that govern the
   use and policies around online consumer privacy including the IAB, the
   DAA in the US (including the DAA AppChoices Program for smartphones and
   tablets), the DAAC (www.youradchoices.ca), the EDAA
   (www.youronlinechoices.eu) and the NAI (www.networkadvertising.org).
   RUN complies with the IAB Code of Conduct, the NAI Code of Conduct and
   the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. We
   believe that these codes and principles help protect and ensure
   individual consumer privacy. RUN also uses a DAA-Approved platform to
   comply with the ‘Enhanced Notice' standard as dictated by the
   cross-industry Self-Regulation Program for Online Behavioral
   Advertising. As part of this service, advertisements served by RUN's
   platform or other parties we do business with, are sometimes delivered
   with icons that serve as a signal to consumers that behavioral
   information has been used. Through the icon, consumers can learn how
   their information is being used and by what companies, and access tools
   to control the collection and use of their information.

   When you opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from RUN, we will
   place a cookie in your web browser that identifies you as opted-out.
   Our Technology will recognize your opt-out cookie and will preclude
   advertisers using RUN Technology from displaying interest-based ads to
   you. However, the choice to opt-out is unique to the browser in which
   you set it and you may need to repeat your opt-out election if you use
   a different computer or change browsers. Also, the opt-out cookie
   cannot be set if your browser is configured to block third-party
   cookies. Opting out via this method does not prevent the use of cookies
   or similar means that are necessary for the operation of the Site or
   other legitimate purposes unrelated to serving interest-based ads.
   Information may still be collected about your web browsing activities
   for these other purposes. While you will not receive ads based on your
   interests derived from your online behavior, you will still see
   advertising, including contextual ads that are based on the content of
   the web page that you visit.

VI. What Are Your Rights and Choices?

   Your right to make informed decisions about information collection is
   important to RUN.

   Please note that you always have the right to:
     * obtain confirmation of the existence of your personal information
       in RUN’s database
     * verify the origin and accuracy of your personal information
     * request that we correct, update, amend, delete, or transform your
       personal information into anonymous form
     * provide you information about how we use your information
     * oppose the processing of your personal information on legitimate
       grounds

   To exercise any of these privacy rights, please contact us at
   ____________________. Please know that in order for us to respond to
   your request we may require that you verify your identity.

   If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact
   our Data Protection Officer at ____________________ and we will
   consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. You also have
   the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection
   authority or with the CNIL, our lead supervisory authority, whose
   contact information is available here.

VII. International Transfer of Information

   We operate internationally and transfer information to the United
   States and other countries for the purposes described in this policy.

   We rely on multiple legal bases to lawfully transfer personal data
   around the world. These include your consent and EU Commission approved
   model contractual clauses, which require certain privacy and security
   protections. You may obtain copies of the model contractual clauses by
   contacting us.

   If you are located in Mexico, the European Union, Canada or elsewhere
   outside of the United States, please be aware that information we
   collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and
   other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as
   comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside
   and/or are a citizen.

VIII. Security

   RUN has established appropriate technical and organizational safeguards
   consistent with industry standards and applicable law to help prevent
   unauthorized access, loss, disclosure, modification or destruction of
   the information we collect. While we are committed to ensuring the
   security of such information, you should be aware that no data
   protection measures can provide 100% guarantee of security.
   Consequently, we -- like everyone else -- cannot warrant or guarantee
   the complete security of the information in our possession.

IX. Children's Privacy

   We do not knowingly collect PII from, and do not create user segments
   targeted for children under 13 years of age. If you believe your child
   or someone else has provided RUN with PII about your child and you
   would like to have the information removed, please contact us and we
   will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our
   records.

X. Third Party Advertisers and Links

   RUN's Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by
   third-party advertisers, web site owners, data providers, or other
   parties that we may do business with, or other parties linked to the
   Site or otherwise accessible via our Technology. This Privacy Policy
   applies only to information collected through RUN Technology and by
   this Site. The information collected or received by any third-party or
   provider is subject to that company's own privacy policy.

   This Site contains links to other sites that are not owned or
   controlled by RUN. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the
   privacy practices of such third parties or the privacy policies
   governing their web sites.

XI. Do Not Track

   When you turn on Do Not Track (DNT) in your browser, RUN responds by
   not collecting your information, either directly or through third
   parties, for the purpose of serving interest-based ads based on your
   browsing history.

XII. Your California Privacy Rights

   In the United States, California residents have the right to request
   and obtain a list of the third parties, if any, to which personal
   information (as defined by California law) has been disclosed for their
   direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year
   (e.g. requests made in 2018 will receive information about 2017 sharing
   activities, if any). California residents also have the right to opt
   out of having their personal information shared for direct marketing
   purposes. You may do so by sending an email to ____________________,
   using this Policy as the subject line, and include your full name,
   e-mail address, phone number and postal address in your message, or you
   may contact us at the postal address below, including the same
   information.

XIII. Updates and Contacting Us

   If you have any questions or concerns about RUN's Privacy Policy, you
   may contact us at this email address:  ____________________, or you can
   send correspondence to the following address:

   RUN, Inc.
   375 Hudson, 8th Floor
   New York, New York 10014

Changes to this Privacy Policy and Additional Information

   RUN may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and you will be
   informed of such changes through a notice posted on our Site. You may
   be provided other privacy-related information in connection with your
   use of our Technology as well as for special feature and services not
   described in this Privacy Policy that may be introduced in the future.


   footer.png footer.png
   Back to Top
   Log In
   Privacy Policy
   Opt-Out
   Careers
   #RSS Feed

   [ ]

   Intro
   Partners
   Advertisters
   Request a Demo
   Home
   Product Suite
   Inside Partners
   Inside Advertisers
   Request a Demo
   Privacy Policy
   health

RUN

   Intro
   Partners
   Advertisters
   Request a Demo
   Home
   Product Suite
   Inside Partners
   Inside Advertisers
   Request a Demo
   Privacy Policy
   health

   background_v2.jpg

A multi-channel DSP powering desktop, mobile and connected TV programmatic
buying.


   PRODUCT SUITE

   Request a Demo
   partners_V2.jpg

Partners



   Asset 19.png Asset 19.png

Data segments that resonate

   To enhance audience targeting, RUN has collaborated with 100+ data
   providers to ensure the best, most accurate data sets, including
   behavioral, geo, contextual, cross-device and more.
   Asset 11.png Asset 11.png

Extensive programmatic formats

   RUN clients do not want to activate their audience segments just
   anywhere; they demand the most desirable physical placements that only
   top supply side partners can provide.
   Asset 14.png Asset 14.png

Publisher opportunities via RUN Private Marketplace

   RUN has built PMP capabilities within our platform featuring some of
   the world’s most premier publishers.

   INSIDE PARTNERS
   advertisers_v2.jpg

Activation



   Asset 22.png Asset 22.png

Define and find
your audience

   RUN’s own data management platform – in addition to our compatibility
   with other industry-leading DMP’s – allows our advertising partners to
   understand, customize, and identify their audiences across devices.
   Asset 27.png Asset 27.png

Activate media with impact and scale

   With programmatic media buying becoming commoditized, RUN is
   prioritizing differentiated inventory types, ad formats, and
   measurement capabilities to ensure advertisers stand out from their
   competition.
   Asset 17.png Asset 17.png

Uncover all new audience insights and performance analytics

   RUN’s proprietary analytics products allow advertisers to see beyond
   standard digital media campaign metrics and KPI’s and truly explore
   their campaign in-depth.

   INSIDE ACTIVATION
   shutterstock_421483903.jpg

Unlock actionable insights. Ensure high margin and diversify audience and
channel mix. Activate media, guarantee performance.


   RUN With Us
   footer.png footer.png

   Back to Top

   Log In
   Privacy Policy
   Opt-Out
   Careers
