   (BUTTON)

Paris Shuttle Airport TRANSFERS

   Paris shuttle phone number
   Paris Shuttle Airport TRANSFERS
     * My account

     * Paris Shuttle
     * CDG Paris transfer
     * Orly Paris transfer
     * Paris CDG car service
     * Paris city vision shuttle

     * Navette Paris aéroport
     * Трансфер в и из аэропортов Парижа
     * Paris havalimanlarına çift yönlü transferler
     * Transferuri aeroporturi Paris
     * 巴黎戴高乐机场往返专车接送服务
     * Transfery z Paryskich Lotnisk
     * Serviço de Veículos para todos os aéroportos de Paris
     * 파리 개인 전용 공항 환승 및 미니밴 합승 서비스
     * שירות הסעות שדות התעופה בפריז שארל-דה-גול אורלי בווה
     * Traslados en los aeropuertos de París
     * paris shuttle lufthavne overførsler
     * paris shuttle flughafen transfer
     * trasferimenti aeroporti parigi navetta
     * Pari shatoru kūkō sōgei
     * khidmat naql almatar almukukiat min baris
     * Parísi metaforá apó / pros to aerodrómio
     * Pariisin lentokenttäkuljetusyhteydet
     * paris transfer till flygplatsen
     * prenočišča paris shuttle letališča
     * paris flyplasstransport

   Choose your route
   [Departure__________________________________________________]
   [Destination] [Passengers number] (BUTTON) Ok

   from22.50 €
   Shared Shuttle

Paris airports shared shuttle

   Our company provides basically a shared shuttle service of
   transportation from the airports to the hotels with collective shuttle
   taxis to and from the three Paris airports and the main Île de France
   locations to any address requested by the traveller .

   It is a true door-to-door transportation service that we provide you.
   You can choose this type of transfer which is most economical and
   convenient, by sharing a  "non-smoking" van with other tourists.

   You can easily book in advance a seat in one of our vehicles through
   our website and you will be completely satisfied. All our cars and vans
   have air conditioning and the latest security systems to ensure comfort
   and safety in traveling up to 8 people and their luggage.

   We are among the best Paris airport shuttle service reviews Tripadvisor
   and  you will be in touch with  the best collective shuttles according
   to your bookings and your final destination.



What is a shared shuttle in the Parisian airports ?

   The trip by collective shuttle makes it possible to travels with many
   passengers in a shared vehicle which is not a means of a public
   transport. You can book a shared taxi Paris to cdg or Orly that  can
   accommodate up to 8 people with their luggage. This may include, for
   example, travelers who have just boarded an airport or passengers who
   travel from their home to a train station.

   The flight schedules may differ but the passengers of a shuttle are
   picked up from the same airport in the case of a Paris airport
   transfer.

   In general, trips are short but we can also take longer trips if
   required. The advantage of this type of transport is that it is faster
   than the bus. It is also cheaper than the taxi and allows you to arrive
   at your destination easily. This shared-cost transportation also
   ensures the arrival of several passengers in time to their destination
   and at an affordable cost.


Why use our customized Paris airport transfer service?



   If you come to visit the beautiful French capital for the first time or
   it is a renewal visit to Paris, you will always need a good
   organization. Indeed, there are many attractions and sights in this
   city and you will be spoiled for choice. Especially if your time is
   limited. Between Montmartre, Eiffel Tower, the National Library, the
   Louvre, the Avenue des Champs-Élysées, the medieval sites ... it is
   necessary to organize your programs. And if you do not have enough
   time, you can miss the visit of some unmissable sites. However, if you
   take a public transport or rent a taxi, these two solutions are not
   practical. First, there is the traffic that takes time, and there is
   also the cost of the taxi that could rise quickly. The most convenient
   way to visit Paris safely according to your budget is a collective
   shuttle. This solution allows you to end up with the waiting time at
   taxi stations. Our driver is waiting for you at the airport with a sign
   bearing your name and you quickly appreciate the comfort and calmness
   in our cars. We put at your disposal vehicles of standing and of recent
   production. These vehicles are well maintained and follow a regular
   inspection. In addition, cars have security systems, GPS and air
   conditioner. They all meet European standards. Whatever the purpose of
   your trip to France and its duration, our collective shuttles will be
   at your disposal. It is even possible for you to book one only with
   driver if you want more comfort and total freedom. Our drivers are
   discreet, experienced, punctual and carefully selected. They
   distinguished themselves by their professionalism, integrity and high
   level of courtesy, thanks to the good training they have acquired in
   this profession. For a transfer from Paris Charles-de-Gaulle or Orly or
   from any place in Paris, we offer our services for individuals, small
   organized groups, families, artists, or to businessmen ... Our
   on-demand transfer services focus on Paris, its 3 airports, tourist
   attraction sites, and business centers. We transport many tourists and
   travelers who pass through the French capital. Our shared shuttles can
   pick you up at Gare de Lyon, Gare Montparnasse, Champs-Elysees, Place
   de l'Etoile etc. at your home or hotel. The other advantage of using
   our service is that we also offer a fixed rate. Which means you will
   not have any surprises on how much you will pay. Thus, even if there is
   work on the road, the price is fixed regardless of the traffic. We do
   not ask for an additional fee. And if you want to take a longer trip,
   for example, from Charles de Gaulle airport to Lille, Orleans or other
   destinations, we can also take care of your transfer.



How to book our collective Paris airport shuttle?


   For all services, be it a shared shuttle transfer, a private vehicle or
   a luxury VIP vehicle, we advise you to book in advance the service you
   need via our website. These three formulas each have their tariff and
   their specificities. The reservation can be made by phone or on our
   website. Of course, you can choose our transportation to take you to
   any event such as private parties, a dinner in the restaurant, a
   business meeting, etc. The transfer is not limited to the return trip
   from the airport to your hotel or between the station and the address
   of your choice. It is actually a door-to-door transfer that can be
   booked to a specific destination. We make our shuttles at any time, day
   or night. The shuttle bus driver will pick you up on time at the agreed
   location and take you where you want to go.



What to visit in Paris?

   This is the question you can ask before booking a comfortable and
   economical shuttle that will save you time and money. Know that places
   of attraction abound in Paris and its region but everything depends on
   your interests. For art lovers, a visit to the Musée d'Orsay and the
   Louvre Museum is a must. Further on to Place de la Concorde you will
   find the Egyptian obelisk, buildings dating from the 18th and 19th
   century, the Concorde hotels , the Arc du Triomphe, the Jardin des
   Tuileries and the Champs-Elysées. Champs-de-Mars and Eiffel Tower are
   also worth a visit. And if you enjoy outdoor activities, a visit to
   Disneyland Paris will enchant you.

   For Catholic practitioners or simple tourists , the Basilica of the
   Sacred Heart in Montmartre is unmissable. The choices are also
   attractive for those who prefer to visit the region around Paris. The
   Ile de France hides also magnificent riches with its pretty villages,
   unspoiled nature and museums. In short, to be able to visit the largest
   number of sites, you have to book a transport which is at the same time
   practical, economic and comfortable like the means of transport which
   we propose to you

   from20.00€
   Private Transfer

Paris airports car service

   For travelers who want a comfortable and punctual transport to the
   airport or from airport to any destination in Paris we provide high
   quality professional transfer service.

   As professional of a secured transport you will benefit from an
   excellent transfer in complete safety. Our driver will be present on
   the day and time indicated in your reservation and will wait for you at
   the place indicated for a door-to-door transfer. This offer is for
   individuals or groups. We put at your disposal our fleet of  vehicles
   of   Peugeot 508 of recent production and  our  Minivan car service  of
   Volkswagen Caravelle and Mercedes Viano van. We also offer excursions
   to discover the most famous Parisian attractions: the Disneyland Paris
   Park, the Eiffel Tower, the Palace of Versailles and many other places.
   You will find our quality transport services 24 hours a day.



Why choose a private vehicle rather than a shared shuttle or bus or train
from Paris airport?


   In fact, the train is the cheapest way to reach the stations of the
   city center because you just need to pay a dozen euros per person. and
   the bus is an option equivalent to the train. But these two transports
   are slow and will waste your time. They may also spoil the day because
   you will have to lug your luggage about with you. In addition, comfort
   is not assured because you will not have space for you alone. But if
   you want to make sure your stay starts in the best possible way with
   airport transfers from CDG or Orly to your hotel or where your
   accommodation is, the private vehicle is the most adequate. Upon your
   landing at the airport, our driver will already wait for you with the
   sign that bears your name, he will take you where you want to go in an
   air-conditioned car. We are advised of the arrival in advance or the
   delay of your plane because our agents follow closely the flight
   schedules in order to prepare you a better reception. Even if the plane
   is late, our driver will wait for you and drop you off at your
   apartment or at your destination. Moreover, you will not have to worry
   about your luggage. They can be placed in the trunk of the car and in
   safety. Note that nothing requires you to give tip to the driver. But
   if the service is satisfactory, it would make him happy. On board of
   your private vehicle, you will be reassured and secured because you
   will not have to bear the time of stops imposed by public transport.
   Yes, the idea of ​​taking a taxi could cross your mind. But be aware
   that this option is expensive with the extra charge and sometimes the
   waiting time is long. Not to mention the customer contact that could
   sometimes be unpleasant with Parisian taxis. Moreover punctuality,
   responsiveness, the guarantee of a fast transfer, the discretion as
   well as the high courtesy of our drivers are our main assets. Our
   drivers are handpicked by their quality of services and their knowledge
   of the French capital. Whether you want to attend a seminar, Parisian
   parties or a relaxing tour, we can organize your transport in private
   driven car  and in safety. For your trip by private vehicle, we offer
   classic, air-conditioned and comfortable vehicles that accommodate from
   1 to 8 people will save your time and money. To be in tune with your
   needs, we provide a fixed rate transfer service. In other words, the
   amount you will have to pay is always the same, even if there is a
   traffic jam or work on the road. This saves you the surprise with the
   taxis that add the extra charge. Finally, the other significant
   advantage of a private vehicle service is the personalized welcome we
   offer you. Our qualified driver will reserve this personalized welcome
   with the sign bearing your name or the company you represent. This
   advantage is not minimal because it is possible that at your coming in
   the airport, you do not know which transport you have to choose. But
   the choice of a private vehicle avoids the stress of waiting in line at
   the taxi rank, or the problem of knowing which train or bus to take,
   where to go down etc. Our driver will drop you exactly to your
   destination in complete safety without you worrying about these
   problems. In addition, we can also make your transfer from your hotel
   or apartment and the place where you have to go or to the events and
   meetings to which you are invited.



How to request  a private car service in Paris airports ?


   To benefit from our private vehicles which serve Paris
   with professionally trained chauffeurs , and which ensure the transfer
   between the airports and Paris, it is enough to make a reservation on
   line. You can contact us via our contact form or book by phone.With our
   private shuttle service Paris at your arrival at Charles-de-Gaulle or
   Orly airport the pick-up will be at the terminal indicated in your
   reservation. Please indicate only the flight number so that we can
   monitor the progress of the flight in question. Note that our services
   also extend to the region Ile de France, Normandy, Burgundy and the
   north of France and cater to all people, businessmen, tourists,
   artists, politicians or others. For these, we put at our disposal our
   formula luxury VIP vehicle. We also offer a long distance service for
   example to Lille, Rouen, Chartres, Reims etc.


What to visit in Paris surroundings?


   After having chosen your means of transport that allows you move easily
   in The City Light and its surroundings, you must also make a program of
   tourist sites . Indeed, Ile-de-France also has many tourist attractions
   that can give great interest to young and older people. With our
   company you can get to Paris airport from center  and suburban cities
   around .

   First you can start with the visit of the famous Palace of Versailles:
   huge monument of listed architecture in Unesco World Heritage. The
   visit of its gardens and forests, its castle, the Big and Small
   Trianon, the Hamlet of the Queen, the museum of coaches will leave you
   dazzled. After the visit of this excessive area, you will need a small
   tour in the downtown of Versailles.

   Also enjoy your stay to make a tour to the castle Vaux-le-Comte,
   another palace among the most visited in France. Competing with
   Versailles although the area is less extensive, the vast house stands
   out by the magnificence of its decorations, its statues, plans of water
   and its French garden. In addition, at a about 30 km east of Paris, the
   Disneyland theme parks and Walt Disney also reserve a joyous adventure
   with its sixty attractions that present the major cartoon figures.
   Always in this theme, the Asterix Park is another good plan not to
   miss. It is located about forty km from the French capital. The 33 ha
   park has also a rich program of shows. These places which attract many
   tourists being a little out of the way, so it is necessary to choose a
   means of transport that is both personal, comfortable and offers a
   better choice like the one we offer. Our qualified driver who knows
   Ile-de-France perfectly will lead you right to the site that you want
   to visit. In order to save valuable time and to be able to visit these
   sites during your stay, it is thus necessary to reserve the race
   directly before your arrival. The driver can also help you plan the
   tour schedule if you wish. Finally, it is possible to reserve a private
   vehicle for a single day or for several days or for a go to the
   province.

   from47.50€
   Luxury Private Car

Paris airports limousine service

   Travel safely with our fleet of luxury car and vans in a relaxed
   atmosphere with maximum discretion. We can provide prestige
   transportation to various conferences, events, private parties,
   exclusive clubs and restaurants, airport transfers. In the case of a
   transfer, our driver welcomes you at the airport with a sign where your
   name or the name of the company you represent is registered. He will
   drive you to the limousine and then to your destination and drop off
   your luggage. We put at your disposal a recent type Mercedes vehicle.
   Leather seats, high-resolution TV, surround sound system and especially
   the professionalism of the staff recommend us as a quality partner for
   your business trips to Paris. We are professionals and we can fulfill
   any transport request of our customers.



Why choose our Paris airport VIP chauffered service?


   Luxury car hire service in Paris : with this option, we put at your
   disposal and only for you, a luxurious Mercedes car of recent
   production year. This prestigious air-conditioned car with
   high-resolution TV allows you to travel in all discretion and comfort.
   We will send you an e-mail a few days before your arrival, and the
   driver will welcome you at the airport with the sign showing your name
   at the time indicated. He will help you carry the luggage if you have
   it and you will not have to worry about anything. During the journey,
   your luggage will be safe as they will be placed in the trunk of the
   car. This means of transport reserved exclusively with all the
   attentions awaited by your VIP status. It is also ideal for going to a
   social evening. The advantages of this tailor-made service are many: we
   offer a fixed rate and so you will not be surprised even if there is
   work on the road. Our drivers are carefully selected to meet the
   highest standards of courtesy, discretion, integrity and availability.
   They know Paris well. You will be able to move freely to attend
   conferences, seminars, events etc. without any constraint. This total
   freedom in the organization of your stay also offers you a saving of
   time in transfers. Because you can have a luxury VIP vehicle at any
   time of the day or night. This also allows you to make the most of your
   time and money especially if you are a businessman with several
   important appointments in Paris. Moreover, whether you want to take
   advantage of your stay to visit the Palace of Versailles, the art
   museums of Paris or other tourist sites, you will only appreciate the
   private and ultra comfortable transfer that will take you to the site
   where you want to go. Also, if you live in your hotel in Paris, the
   driver will meet you at your accommodation and will drive you to the
   airport on time before boarding. The professionalism of our service
   with the high-end luxury vehicle is assured. We focus on punctuality,
   reliability and speed of service. That's why we recommend booking a
   private luxury car if you want a satisfactory service.


How to hire a luxury VIP chauffered limousine in Paris airports  ?



   To book this prestigious car formula with a qualified driver, you can
   make the reservation directly on our website. It should be noted that
   French regulations stipulate this obligation to pre-book all passenger
   transport. For this, you can contact us by completing the form or make
   the reservation by phone. Your request and the type of transport you
   want will be forwarded. To better prepare your welcome, you will be
   asked when you order online information about your arrival (the landing
   time of the plane and the flight number). We will take care of you at
   the time and place indicated whether at the airport or at your home. Of
   course, the management of your movements belongs to you totally. You
   can opt for a single trip or a round trip for more comfort and time
   savings. The possibility of having a driver throughout the day is also
   possible. In fact, the tourist sites in Paris and the amusement parks
   are divided among the 20 districts. Some places are out of the way, so
   book a day or 2 days to visit most of these sites if you do want to
   enjoy your stay. Regarding tips and extra charge for luggage, nothing
   requires you to give this amount of money to the driver, but if the
   service is satisfactory, he will be grateful for your action. As for
   luggage, there is absolutely nothing to pay.


Enjoy a day  sightseeing in Paris by your guide limo driver


   If you are looking for day tour roadshow you can have driver pick up at
   your hotel and will get a delighted doing a so much historical visit
   . To start your a day hire car service a limousine will wait at the
   door of your hotel but we provide also services for Thalys trains in
   Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est Stations and airport transportation
   services : our agent will wait for you at the arriving aircraft door so
   you will be taken to the car at the VIP Car Park . Our VIP limo car
   service always on time


What to visit in France regions close to Paris with our driven cars ?


   The discovery of The City of Light, the one called the most

   beautiful capital of the world is not without preparation in advance.
   It's a dream for many people but if it's your umpteenth

   business trip in this city, it would be a shame not to discover the
   beauty of its surrounding regions with our private transfer service in
   France. Since it is not easy to condense everything in one trip, the
   reservation a luxury vehicle for a day allows you to visit a good part
   of the sites unavoidable. And when we talk about tourist sites in the
   regions near Paris, there are also something to see! If we mention only
   the dozens of castles of Loire located between Blois and Tours. Each
   castle has its specificities: the largest and the most spectacular is
   Chambord, Blois is the richest in architecture, Cheverny possesses
   beautiful furniture, Chenonceau is the most beautiful ... the list is
   long. Besides visiting these castles, it would be a shame also not to
   take a detour to Normandie and the landing WWII beaches. This trip back
   in time allows to dive back into the history of the Second World War by
   visiting the 5 beaches of the region. There is also another authentic
   territory that deserves a visit: the Champagne region with its
   vineyards, the magnificent buildings dating from the 18th century of
   the Marne Valley, the famous Cathedral of Reims, the Lake Der etc.
   Finally to close your stay in the regions near Paris, take a trip to
   the Burgundy wine capital to discover the Hôtel-Dieu de la Beaune, the
   residence of the dukes of Burgundy, the cellars of its wine growers
   etc. Beaune has also hotel parks where you can organize your business
   events. Do not forget to make the reservation of your luxury VIP
   vehicle to discover all the charm of Paris and its regions surrounding
   .



   Paris city vision shuttle | About Us | Contact | FAQ | Paris Airport
   transfer rates | Book this visit now | Sitemap | Sign up

   Kase Ltd 2018. All rights reserved. 15 rue de Saint Senoch, 75017
   Paris. shuttleparisairports007@gmail.com | Seo powered by Agence
   référencement Paris
   Passengers number

