   #next Volumes of Words » Feed Volumes of Words » Comments Feed

Volumes of Words

   ____________________ st

     * Home
     * About me
     * Poems for Beginners

     * Home
     * About me
     * Poems for Beginners

   ____________________ st
     *
   city through glass ball by thom bradle

The news is drowning me
       August 10, 2019
       When I say “the news”, you must know what I mean? It’s everywhere,
       seeping into every conversation and every post I see online. I’m
       not here to complain, but to tell you that we might share the same
       feeling of emotional exhaustion after every event and gratitude
       when our loved ones make it home at the end of the day.
       I’m so tired.
       Not just from walking out of a store with my family when something
       just doesn’t feel right. Or from looking around corners and
       checking for fire exits. Even though I know it’s anxiety most of
       the time, I feel better temporarily. For a few years, I convinced
       myself that staying extra vigilant was a good solution.
       I’m tired.
       From reading articles from all types of media that leave me feeling
       sad and empty. What good is an article that likely had editors and
       tons of resources behind it, without a call to action. Why doesn’t
       each article tell me what to do with my anger? Or how to help
       victims directly? Or whose door to knock on to get answers?
       two people holding hands to show affection
       If you’re like me, you leap head first into the world. You feel the
       joy and pain of people you’ve never met. Devours article after
       article every day and at the end of it, you’re left with nothing to
       show for it except for a creeping fear and anxiety about the world.
       I’ve noticed that Instagram is a good first step, if you can find
       the right accounts. It’s easier for them to shout out organizations
       or share contact information without having to worry about seeming
       “neutral”. Although I’m a big supporter of journalism and factual
       reporting, I think we’re past neutral in 2019.
       Some days I stop myself from crying thinking about the world my two
       year old steps out into every day. Sometimes I can’t.
       What I’ve found recently is that taking concrete steps helps calm
       me down. I look for the helpers. I want to support organizations
       and people who are already looking out for us. That helps me
       breathe freely and finally close my eyes at night.
       And while they’re working, I’ll probably still be watching the
       door.
       When I say that the news is drowning me, I don’t really mean the
       articles and stories. I mean what’s going on in the world. Maybe
       from digesting so much reporting, we’ve come to believe that it’s
       inevitable. I’m here to tell you, I don’t believe it is. It’s not
       “news” that’s outside our bubble, it’s here, it’s our world. Me and
       you are going to take it one step at a time to make one small thing
       better.
       read more
   2 Comments

You May Also Like
   money in the bank photo Mathew Henry via Burst

Would you give back to your college?
       April 30, 2014
   parkinson's disease

Honoring Grandma: Parkinson’s Disease Research Now
       December 2, 2014
   poem about nature

On defining yourself: ‘Throw Things to the Flood’
       September 22, 2015
     *

Thanksgiving as an Immigrant Family
       November 21, 2018
       Every year amidst the warm chaos of Thanksgiving, I look around at
       my family and think, “How the heck did we get here?”
       There are many answers to that. How did we get here physically? By
       train, then plane, then subway, and most recently: a long car ride
       to Florida. My family, as well as my husband’s family, are
       immigrants from the former Soviet Union. My family was sponsored by
       HIAS to come to New York in the 90’s. What the means is that they
       vouched for us to come into the country, promising that they would
       help get us on our feet in the U.S.A.
       Russian family in America
       I remember many Thanksgiving that featured, instead of turkey,
       roasted chicken, rice pilaf (we call it plov), and tomato and onion
       salads. Even after 24 years in this country, this cuisine is still
       pretty much standard in our homes. Maybe we had turkey early on,
       but I can’t for the life of me remember when we actually started
       putting it on the table.
       There was no mac and cheese here. Inside our home no one looked
       twice at a salad compromised of diced potatoes, eggs, peas, pickles
       and a healthy coating of mayonnaise. Obviously we learned about
       “American” foods from our friends over time, but it didn’t change
       how we envisioned our holiday.
       What did food matter when this was always a holiday to be grateful?
       Who could understand that more than a family of immigrants (and
       technically refugees)? We were always thankful, especially during
       this holiday.
       So now we eat turkey in addition to everything else, and the
       contrast of our traditions and “American” culture is basically the
       theme of my life. How much I feel that depends on where I’m living
       and who I’m surrounded by. It’s a feeling that immigrants
       understand because it’s impossible to escape.
       Whether you’re native born or an immigrant to the United States,
       Happy Thanksgiving! It’s more important than ever to share and
       embrace all the cultural variations that our country creates and
       encourages.
       Let’s remind ourselves and our friends to be thankful for where we
       are and to always leave a seat for someone at our table who might
       want to be thankful too.
       read more
   2 Comments

You May Also Like
   new york city skyline

Seeing Orion’s belt
       January 3, 2016
   happiness marcus the elder quote

What are your vacation moments?
       December 26, 2013
   new year's resolutions featured

The right New Year’s resolutions
       December 30, 2013
     *

Notes from a Walk Around the Mall
       November 16, 2018
       My day to day life involves chasing after a little girl who
       requires me to have a lot of energy to match hers. Being a parent
       is hard in a million ways that I never anticipated. Even with tons
       of help, the scariest part of the day can be just having a pair of
       eyes on me while I’m trying to do a regular activity like shopping
       or eating.
       Sometimes going places with my two year old is scary. Being in
       public feels like a performance. Is she wearing something nice? Do
       we have food in our hair? Do my socks match? Did I wear this shirt
       yesterday?
       A carefree walk around the neighborhood.
       One day I spent a couple of hours at the mall with my daughter. We
       had lunch, rode up and down escalators, and chased each other in
       circles. It was mostly a fun time until she stopped listening and
       started misbehaving in all the ways that toddler do. It was such a
       stark contrast to how she behaved earlier. Besides trying to keep
       her from running away, I felt like we were bothering everyone in
       the building just by being there. I was so worried over something I
       knew I already did my best to control.
       Later I thought about how embarrassed I felt, and I hated it. I’ve
       battled with this feeling my whole life, always wondering if I was
       being too loud or taking up too much space. That feeling made me
       smaller and quieter as a child. Did I want my daughter to feel that
       way too?
       As she gets older, I have more days where I’m kind to myself and
       ignore any outside judgement — but those days are far from over.
       The same way I’m growing as an almost 30 year old adult, I’m now
       growing with her.
       I’ll teach her to never be embarrassed by what’s outside of her
       control. That’s the only way forward.
       read more
   2 Comments

You May Also Like

What I want on Valentine’s Day
       February 14, 2014
   summer fun bubbles

Party outside for your health
       July 16, 2014
   city through glass ball by thom bradle

The news is drowning me
       August 10, 2019
     *

Start Here
       April 16, 2018
       writing laptop Photo by Matthew Henry from Burst
       How often do you wish that there were two of you? Two people with
       the same goals in mind, knocking tasks off your to-do list. One of
       you to do normal things like cooking, going to work and spending
       time with your family. The other, for working on your hobby or
       obsessing over things that get relegated to extracurricular time —
       after your family is asleep or while you commute to work.
       I started writing this blog in 2008 as a way to share what I was
       writing down somewhere else anyway — in a notebook, an app on my
       phone, post-it notes here and there. It hasn’t stopped since then
       but there are a million reasons why I haven’t posted anything new.
       Since that the last time I published a new post, it feels like my
       life has changed 100 times over. My drafts have piled up (128
       pending in WordPress, to be specific). I planned to write about my
       family (+1 baby), turning 25 (+3 years), politics, technology, and
       of course, some of what I’ve been reading, for old times sake.
       As I try to get back into this groove, take a look at my favorite
       posts from the past years:
       Seeing Orion’s Belt
       Together for 68 years
       Reading my First Horror Story
       History Destroyed in Palmyra
       Paen to Place by Lorine Niedecker
       A Russian New Year’s Eve
       Tear it Down by Jack Gilbert[DEL: :DEL]
       read more
   0 Comments

You May Also Like

Football, things and stuff
       February 2, 2014
     *

We’re all too busy
       June 9, 2016
       busy life
       Have you noticed that when you ask someone how they’re doing, one
       of the common responses is “busy”. I’m guilty of that. It’s not
       always a complaint. Sometimes it’s not that we’re too busy for our
       friends, but we unintentionally make ourselves appear off limits to
       people who are trying to connect.
       Maybe it’s just me and my friends, but it seems that everyone is
       always busy. Actually busy. Between work, activities, family or
       partner commitments, it’s a game in itself to schedule a date. Let
       me tell you something, it’s possible. Friends like attention.
       That’s how they stay your friends, I’ve learned. Granted, I might
       be spoiled because my best friend/husband is also my live-in
       coworker. Yes, we work in the same home office, we have almost
       every meal together, we go to the movies together.
       Anyway, it’s been a long time since I’ve written something new for
       this site. So long in fact that I hesitated before remembering what
       to type into the browser. The slight lapse in memory might simply
       be from how tired I am today. Everyone says they’re busy, and I
       don’t know if I’m more or less busy that you, but I am tired. And
       I’m tired of being too tired to write anything for myself. There
       aren’t many people reading, but I’m going to tell you anyway that
       I’m working on a few new posts. Hopefully you will see those soon.
       Maybe even one that’s interesting.
       Are you one of those people who always says they’re busy when
       friends ask? Stop that. Go outside. Have coffee with your neglected
       friends and tell them about what you’re working on. It might be
       another committement, but you’ll likely both appreciate it. It
       seems that life only gets busier, and one day you might your friend
       to make space in their schedule for you too.
       read more
   1 Comment

You May Also Like

What I want on Valentine’s Day
       February 14, 2014
   money in the bank photo Mathew Henry via Burst

Would you give back to your college?
       April 30, 2014

“I could probably do that.”
       February 3, 2014
     *

Let’s talk about memories
       June 2, 2016
       When I wrote this in 2014, there was a viral momentum that pushed
       memory loss and Alzheimer’s disease into the national spotlight.
       Then, and even now, the United States had a problem that basically
       needed money to have a chance to be solved. In a time when people
       are surviving and living through other major diseases, our friends
       and family members with Alzheimer’s disease — without cures or real
       treatments — are dying at an increasing rate.
       Grandma before Alzheimer's

     “Americans whisper the word Alzheimer’s because their government
     whispers the word Alzheimer’s. And although a whisper is better than
     the silence…it’s still not enough.”
       I was surprised to hear Seth Rogen give a speech about his
       mother-in-law, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease in her
       50’s. It’s the sixth leading cause of death in the U.S. (and is
       emotionally and financially devastating to so many families) – yet
       it’s treated like another inevitable disease. I hung on to every
       word because I understood his pain.
       Grandma, standing with family, in April 1949.
       I remembered sitting outside with my grandma one summer and
       listening to stories about her life. I think I was 17. I definitely
       didn’t know then what was to come. I wasn’t aware of what could
       happen to a person, even if you love them. Even if they’re the most
       important person in the world to you.
       The comedian’s story in front of the U.S. Senate’s Appropriations
       Subcommittee on Labor, Health & Human Services was predictably
       funny, but still powerful. That committee is the one that was
       supposed to look at the economic effect of Alzheimer’s disease as
       well as how much money is going into research.

       IFRAME: //www.youtube.com/embed/UHqx3-mfHAY

       I was immediately grateful that he lent his celebrity to this cause
       and shared such a personal story. I was grateful that the C-SPAN
       video blew up online less than 24 hours after it was recorded.
       Honestly, if he wasn’t trying to make us laugh, I would have been
       crying all over my keyboard.
       All I could think about afterward was that sharing stories is so
       important to help others understand what’s important to you.

My Grandma
       My grandmother lived with dementia for several years. Before she
       passed away at 93 years old, she couldn’t recognize her closest
       family members.
       Having dementia means cells are dying in your brain, causing what
       you would expect: a person to forget. First, small things, and then
       lots of things all at once, including people they’ve known for
       decades. Their brain loses the blueprints for activities that you
       and I find simple, like how to get dressed or eat or which people
       to trust. Most cases of dementia are caused by Alzheimer’s disease
       (though there are several others).

An important thing to remember is that Alzheimer’s and dementia are not a
normal part of aging, just like cancer is not a normal part of life.
       My grandmother had a difficult life. She survived World War II,
       years of starvation, Stalin and all of the things associated with
       the Soviet Union. She was forced out of her country and her home as
       a teenager. At almost 70 years old, she moved to the United States
       with her children and grandchildren
       One of my favorite photos of my grandmother is her as a young girl.
       I love this photo but it’s difficult to imagine her this way. What
       were her hopes, her goals or her dreams? That’s something I can’t
       ask anymore.
       As one of the youngest grandchildren I feel that I could never have
       had as much time as everyone else to know her. I’m sure no amount
       of time would have been long enough anyway. All I know is that she
       loved us, and doted on my brother and me in all of the ways she
       knew how —  by telling us about her plants, making fresh bread,
       forcing us to eat her meals, and then making something new when we
       protested.
       This was not a grandmother who’d let you eat pizza or hamburgers. I
       remember her laughing at all of the “American” habits we picked up
       at school. I’m sure we did some strange things in her eyes.
       I remember when she learned to read English but couldn’t understand
       a word. She would read my brother’s t-shirts and ask us what the
       phrases meant.
       She taught me to do crosswords in Russian and I still love them.
       The little squares remind me of her. Vines on plants and fresh
       bread remind me of her.

Tell Your Story
       Sharing stories gets people out of the shadows, and encourages them
       to ask for help. But the resources they need have to be there or
       else it’s just talk. There is no way to prevent, cure or to slow
       the progression of Alzheimer’s. Unlike other major diseases,
       diagnoses have actually increased 68% over the past
       decade. According to the Alzheimer’s Association, more than 5
       million people are currently living with the disease. That doesn’t
       include non-Alzheimer’s induced dementia, nor does it count the
       number of family members, caretakers, social workers and other
       invaluable people who spend decades of their lives dealing with the
       disease.
       Seth Rogen mentioned that not so long ago, people who had cancer
       were ashamed to tell anyone. Though unfortunately cancer is still a
       leading cause of death, the research for its cure has visibility
       and financial support.
       It’s not easy to share something private, but I’ll gladly do it if
       it will tell someone that they’re not alone, or it will remind
       others that we’re still fighting for our loved ones.
       Politics, committees and budget meetings like the one Rogen
       attended happen all the time, but I’m hoping that there will be
       some breakthroughs given this momentum.

So I ask our Congress, the President and everyone else: What are your
memories worth to you?
       read more
   4 Comments

You May Also Like

Let’s talk about food, baby
       January 2, 2014

Do you call your parents?
       March 28, 2014
   new year's resolutions featured

The right New Year’s resolutions
       December 30, 2013
     *
   new york city skyline

Seeing Orion’s belt
       January 3, 2016
       Before we started as freshman in high school, my class was sent on
       a weekend trip outside of New York City. It was then that I got to
       know my best friend and several other people that would leave an
       impression on me. One of the things I remember well from the trip
       was laying in the grass at night and looking up at the dark sky. I
       had hardly known the location of the stars after spending most of
       my life in the brightness of the city, but our future science
       teacher made us look carefully and use our imaginations. Like many
       other times before, I strained my eyes to find some pattern in a
       dark sky awash with glowing dots. The stars were beautiful to me,
       but in contrast to the architecture of New York — the bright
       windows of office buildings and skyscrapers — dispersed without any
       pattern.
       Many years later, I moved about 30 miles outside of the city to
       Connecticut. My neighborhood was far from a dark, wooded place, but
       any place is after New York City. I was able to see a lot more
       stars than I ever had before. My husband would point out
       constellations that he learned as a kid.
       Did I see Orion? With three stars for the belt, legs and
       outstretched arms. The big and little dipper. I couldn’t see them
       after staring up from fields and looking out the window on long
       drives, using constellation plotting apps, or compasses on my phone
       pointing north and south.
       Recently, we were walking at night together and I looked up at the
       apparently rare Christmas full moon. It might have washed out the
       stars around it, but all of a sudden I noticed a line of three
       stars. Orion’s Belt!
       I had that wonderful feeling of learning something new. Someone
       else pointed out the stars to me a few weeks later, and I nodded. I
       know what’s up there. I can see the three stars that make the belt,
       the head and the arms outstretched. I know exactly where they are
       after staring up so many times.
       read more
   1 Comment

You May Also Like
   poem about nature

On defining yourself: ‘Throw Things to the Flood’
       September 22, 2015
     *
   fireworks on a dark sky sabrina wishak photo

‘To The New Year’
       January 2, 2016
       New Year’s Eve holds a lot of promises. Whether you’re hoping to
       complete your resolutions and hoping for big changes, or just going
       about business as usual, January 1st marks the beginning of
       something. The start of a new calendar year, new bills, new
       paychecks, another school year, birthdays to celebrate.
       We are hopeful on December 31, but there is no magic in the clock
       striking 12. We wake up in the morning the same as we were the day
       before—with our own bodies, our experiences and our thoughts.
       There’s no harm in seeing January 1 with fresh eyes, but we must be
       the agents of change in our lives.
       The holidays are a busy for me, between family events and eating
       leftover food, it’s difficult to find a time to write. But writers
       learn sooner or later that we can improve by simply reading more.
       If you’ve seen my “Tranquil Tuesday” posts in the past, you won’t
       be surprised that I found a poem to bring in the new year. “To the
       new year” by W.S. Merwin embodies that beautiful feeling of hope
       that reminds us what is possible, despite what happened the day or
       year before.
       w.s. merwin to the new year quote on space background


To the New Year

by W.S. Merwin
       With what stillness at last
       you appear in the valley
       your first sunlight reaching down
       to touch the tips of a few
       high leaves that do not stir
       as though they had not noticed
       and did not know you at all
       then the voice of a dove calls
       from far away in itself
       to the hush of the morning
       so this is the sound of you
       here and now whether or not
       anyone hears it this is
       where we have come with our age
       our knowledge such as it is
       and our hopes such as they are
       invisible before us
       untouched and still possible
       read more
   0 Comments

You May Also Like
   hepburn reading stories

Tranquil Tuesday: The God of Small Things
       December 3, 2013

Tranquil Tuesday: Fearless
       December 24, 2013
   Salute James Schuyler

Tranquil Tuesday: James Schuyler
       October 1, 2013
     *
   poem about nature

On defining yourself: ‘Throw Things to the Flood’
       September 22, 2015

What makes you, you?
       poem about nature
       People tend to compare themselves to others at different stages of
       their lives. Sometimes these comparisons can help us set goals and
       find confidence in our identity. You might have seen yourself in a
       parental figure or a celebrity. But have you ever felt like lion at
       heart or a graceful fish in the water? Has your soul felt as one
       with a leaf falling slowly from its tree in autumn or have you
       found yourself ingrained in the cobblestones of a city?
       That’s the spirit of Paean to Place by Lorine Niedecker: We see
       ourselves in others, like family, and also in our surroundings. I
       read Niedecker’s work for the first time as a college freshman, and
       sometime during that class I copied some of my favorite lines into
       a notebook. Unfortunately after almost a decade after “discovering”
       this writer, I’ve never seen anyone share her work. You can read
       the entire poem here.
       —————
       Fish
             fowl
                   flood
             Water lily mud
       My life
       in the leaves and on water
       My mother and I
                             born
       in swale and swamp and sworn
       to water
       My father
       thru marsh fog
             sculled down
                   from high ground
       saw her face
       —————

Looking back to the past for help
       “Paean to Place” centers around a woman who we learn several things
       about almost immediately. She was from an area constantly flooded
       by water. She grew up poor. Her parents are dead.
       It is written in the past tense so I always read it as the narrator
       looking back at her life. She is not only remembering things, but
       recounting her story in order to accept who she is. I’m pretty sure
       of this as I get to the last stanza. Read it on your own and let me
       know if you agree.
       poem about birds
       So she’s a product of her surroundings? Yes, but more than that.
       She finds that herself and her parents can be described in
       reference to the water or the creatures living around it. Things
       that help her construct an identity and figure out what’s
       important.
       Up in the sky and in the water, she was surrounded by birds that
       she knew by their official names: Plovers, sora rails, canvasbacks,
       woodcocks. She remembered all of their sounds (even wishing in one
       line, that her mother could hear them). At one point the girl
       considers herself a “solitary plover”. Like the marsh birds, she
       had a unique song and one outfit. She wore it as long as the birds
       kept their feathers. (Apparently seven years). But as much as the
       girl wants to be like them, ultimately it’s the wings that really
       set them apart. Her feathered neighbors had more freedom to leave
       the marsh in which they resided. This is pretty sad, given that
       within the first few stanzas she reveals her parents dreams: “that
       their daughter/ might go high/ on land/ to learn.
       Niedecker’s narrator does not have feathers but “a pencil/for a
       wing-bone.” Words are what carry her out of her difficult world.
       This is the line that really resonated with me. (Please leave your
       sarcastic gasps for the end of the show. I’m sure that other
       writers and lovers of words will feel the same.)
       —————
       You with sea water running
       in your veins sit down in water
             Expect the long-stemmed blue
                   speedwell to renew
       itself
       ————— Jamaica Bay Wildlife Reserve
       It seems that the girl, now a woman, left her home in an effort to
       escape the water and the flooding. She’s different now. But when
       she returns to visit her parents’ graves, the narrator finds
       herself a part of it all again.
       Though she tried to be a bird and fly away, it’s not the wings that
       were missing. Her identity was shaped like the water lillies,
       irises and speedwells that spread around her. Ordinary flowers grew
       toward light and pleasant conditions, but these survived flooding
       and grow on top of graves. She had just grown roots in one place
       for so long, but that was okay.
       The water haunted her but it also renewed her, and gave her life.
       ————–
       O my floating life
       Do not save love
             for things
                   Throw things
       to the flood
       ————–
       It’s not easy to figure out what defines us. For me, like in
       Niedecker’s poem, there’s always been a small battle going on to
       accept things that have shaped me for better or worse. Those things
       can feed us and help us grow instead of keeping us down.

So what would you say has shaped you? Is it something that holds you back or
helps you forward?
       read more
   0 Comments

You May Also Like
   new york city skyline

Seeing Orion’s belt
       January 3, 2016
     *
   isis destroy history syria

Destroy history and you destroy humanity
       September 2, 2015
       It was pretty alarming to read that ISIS destroyed the Temple of
       Bel in Palmyra, Syria, and killed an archaeologist who had looked
       after it for 40 years. To be honest, I had never heard of the
       ancient city of Palmyra. I didn’t know that the Temple of Bel was
       almost 2000 years old and dedicated to a Mesopotamian god. It
       withstood the Roman empire, conversions to Christianity and later
       to Islam.
       But now that I do… it’s genuinely upsetting. This area was along
       the Silk Road and its history seems to be an example of different
       cultures vying for power and somehow living together as well. Most
       cultures don’t exist in a vacuum. Things definitely have to change.
       If you live in the United States particularly, our cities are a
       testament to changing times, but we need cities like Palmyra to
       continue existing.
       In “The Monuments Men“, Frank Stokes a.k.a George Clooney, says
       this:

     “You can wipe out an entire generation, you can burn their homes to
     the ground and somehow they’ll still find their way back. But if you
     destroy their history, you destroy their achievements and it’s as if
     they never existed.”
       The movie was about a group of art experts who were enlisted by the
       U.S. army to find and preserve art that Hitler was destroying as he
       blasted through Europe. It wasn’t the best movie, but I really
       loved this speech. Art represents culture. Sometimes it’s both
       history and progress. Without it, we would not be the same world
       despite all of our wonderful scientific and technological
       achievements.
       ISIS is not unique in what they did. There’s a reason that
       dictators burn books. It’s to erase ideas and attempt to rewrite
       the past. Aren’t we better as people if we learn from the past
       rather than destroy it? Aren’t we better people if we CHOOSE to do
       something and learn it ourselves, instead of being forced into it?
       Why do people prefer to study classics and history instead of
       technology? There is something in human nature that’s guided
       towards it. I think we need both progress and history, art and
       technology. We need both for the human race to survive.
       I don’t know what the solution is to a problem as big as ISIS (and
       other groups who want to destroy the world). Obviously I have more
       questions than answers, but this is a reminder that there are
       people in this world who risk their lives to protect even a
       seemingly small part of our humanity.
       Let’s remember the people — like archaelogist Khaled al-Asaad — who
       have.
       read more
   0 Comments

You May Also Like
   poem about nature

On defining yourself: ‘Throw Things to the Flood’
       September 22, 2015

Reading headlines on vacation
       January 23, 2014
   new year's resolutions featured

The right New Year’s resolutions
       December 30, 2013

    Older Posts

Search

   ____________________ st

Recent Posts

     * The news is drowning me August 10, 2019
     * Thanksgiving as an Immigrant Family November 21, 2018
     * Notes from a Walk Around the Mall November 16, 2018
     * Start Here April 16, 2018
     * We’re all too busy June 9, 2016

   Load More...Follow on Instagram

Categories

   Categories[Select Category____]

Recent Comments

     * Danny on Why I hate the “like” button
     * To the new year - Tranquil Tuesday on The right New Year’s
       resolutions
     * Yev on The news is drowning me
     * Yelena on The news is drowning me
     * Yev on Thanksgiving as an Immigrant Family

   Ashe Theme by WP Royal.
