   [codalab-logo-onecolor-reverse.png]

an open source platform to learn, create, collaborate through challenges

Participate

   LRI students | All competitions

Organize

   Wizard | Roadmap

Develop

   Github | Slack

What is Codalab?

   CodaLab Competitions is a powerful open source framework for running
   competitions that involve result or code submission. You can either
   participate in an existing competition or host a new competition.

   Most competitions hosted on Codalab are machine learning (data science)
   competitions, but Codalab is NOT limited to this application domain. It
   can accommodate any problem for which a solution can be provided in the
   form of a zip archive containing a number of files to be evaluated
   quantitatively by a scoring program (provided by the organizers). The
   scoring program must return a numeric score, which is displayed on a
   leaderboard where the performances of participants are compared.

History of Codalab

   Codalab was created in 2013 as a joint venture between Microsoft and
   Stanford University. Originally the vision was to create an ecosystem
   for conducting computational research in a more efficient,
   reproducible, and collaborative manner, combining worksheets and
   competitions. Worksheets capture complex research pipelines in a
   reproducible way and create "executable papers".

   Some competitions have been organized using worksheets, but the
   competition platform and the worksheet platform have both a large user
   base and can be used independently. In 2014, ChaLearn joined to
   co-develop Codalab competitions. Since 2015, University Paris-Saclay is
   community lead of Codalab competitions, under the direction of Isabelle
   Guyon, professor of big data. Codalab is administered by CKCollab and
   the LRI staff.

Codalab in Research

   Codalab in research Codalab is used actively in research. In 2016/2017,
   88 new challenges were launched. Recent high profile challenges
   organized with Codalab include the 2 million Euro prize of the EU,
   organized by the See.4C consortium, the CIKM AnalytiCup 2017, which
   attracted 493 participants, MSCOCO (633 participants) and the ChaLearn
   AutoML challenge 2017 (687 participants).

   Since 2016, Codalab offers the possibility of organizing machine
   learning challenges with code submission. The simplest machine learning
   challenges require only the submission of results, which are compared
   to a solution (or key) by a scoring program. Result submission
   challenges are less computationally expensive than code submission
   challenges. However, they offer less possibilities. In particular, code
   submission allows conducting fair benchmarks by executing submitted
   code in the same condition for all participants.

   Codalab has been providing free resources for challenge organizers who
   want to run high impact events, within a pre-approved agreed upon
   budget. New since version 1.5: organizers can hook up their own compute
   workers to the backend of Codalab to redirect the code submissions,
   enabling growth to big data competitions running at the expense of the
   organizers. For very special dedicated projects, Codalab can be
   customized since it is an open source project.

News

Codalab statistics

   June 2019: Codalab exceeds 40,000 users, 1000 competitions (300
   public), and over 300 submissions per day!

Data Science Africa 2019

   June 2019: We organized a data science bootcamp at Data Science Africa
   2019 in the form of a challenge to detect Malaria parasites in
   microscope images.

AutoDL

   May 2019: We launched AutoCV the first challenge in a series of
   challenges on Automated Deep Learning, in collaboration with ChaLearn,
   Google Zurich, and 4Paradigm. This is a NeurIPS competition.

L2RPN

   May 2019: We launched the first Learning to Run a Power Network
   competition, in collaboration with ChaLearn and RTE. This is an IJCNN
   competition.

AutoDL

   October 2018: We are preparing a challenge on Automatic Deep Learning
   (AutoDL) challenging participants to design code eliminating the need
   of human expertise to choose the architecture and hyper-parameters of
   deep neural networks. The challenge is co-organized and sponsored by
   Google. The protocol will be tested on Codalab in October.

TrackML

   September 2018: The LAL and CERN are organizing a challenge to
   reconstruct particle trajectories in high energy physics detectors.
   After the success of the first phase with result submission only, a
   second phase with code submission will be run on Codalab. TrackML is an
   officially selected challenge of the NIPS 2018 conference.

AutoML3

   August 2018: Codalab is proud to host the third challenge on Automatic
   Machine Learning: Lifelong Machine Learning with drift. AutoML3 is an
   officially selected challenge of the NIPS 2018 conference.

See.4C

   February 2018: 2 million Euro Big Data EU prize powered by Codalab.

DataIA

   February 2018: Isabelle Guyon presents Codalab at the newly formed
   Institute of Convergence DataIA

Student Projects

   January 2018: Paris-Saclay master students create challenges for L2
   students.

Homework

   January 2018: Paris-Saclay instructors create reinforcement learning
   homework.

10,000 Users

   December 2017: Codalab exceeds 10000 users with 480 competitions (145
   public)

CiML workshop

   December 2017: Codalab presented at the Challenges in Machine Learning
   workshop [slides].

Version 1.5 is out!

   November 2017: Explore the new features: scale up your code submission
   competition with your own compute workers (full privacy, dockers);
   organize RL challenges and hook up simulators providing data on demand
   (with your own "ingestion program"); use the ChaLab wizard to create
   competitions in minutes.

Our Partners

   [university_paris.png] [microsoft.png] [chalearn.png] [barcelona.png]

Powered by

   [azure.png]
     * Join us on Github for contact & bug reports
     * About
     * Privacy and Terms
