   #Little House of Four - Creating a beautiful home, one thrifty project
   at a time. - Atom Little House of Four - Creating a beautiful home, one
   thrifty project at a time. - RSS Little House of Four - Creating a
   beautiful home, one thrifty project at a time. - Atom Little House of
   Four - Creating a beautiful home, one thrifty project at a time. - RSS

Little House of Four - Creating a beautiful home, one thrifty project at a
time.

Pages

     * HOME
     * MY SHOP
     * HOME TOUR
     * SHOP OUR HOME
     * PROJECT GALLERY
     * DOLLAR STORE DIY
     * THRIFTY DECORATING
     * ABOUT ME
     * DISCLOSURE POLICY

Monday, October 7, 2019

Dollar Store DIY: How to Make Easy Pumpkin Place Cards

Impress your guests with these easy personalized pumpkin place cards!

   It's the first Monday of the month and I'm back with an all new simple
   Dollar Tree makeover.   I took an unexpected break from my monthly
   Dollar Store DIY series, but it's back and I'm excited to share this
   month's simple Dollar Tree pumpkin project.
   Dollar Tree painted pumpkin place cards
   Read more »
   Posted by Katie @ Little House of Four 2 comments:
   Labels: Dollar Store, Fall Decorating

Monday, September 30, 2019

Vintage Modern Mudroom with Simple Fall Touches

Vintage modern inspired mudroom with simple fall touches!

   This post is sponsored by Walmart
   Major progress has happened in the mudroom over the past few months and
   I'm so excited to share a peek into the new space!
   I kept the mudroom light and bright and mixed styles for the perfect
   vintage modern vibe.  The white walls and dark doors add the right
   amount of contrast, while cozy decor adds the perfect amount of texture
   and interest for fall.
   How to make faux pumpkins look real
   I'm normally a big fall decorator, but this year I opted to keep things
   simple since I'm still working on finishing up the kitchen and
   first-floor renovation.  A few pumpkins and new affordable decor from
   Walmart were all I needed to freshen up the mudroom and give it a
   simple fall feel.
   Read more »
   Posted by Katie @ Little House of Four No comments:

Thursday, September 26, 2019

Halloween Decor: Easy Vintage Inspired Specimen Art

   An easy way to create vintage inspired specimen art for Halloween!
   It should be no surprise that I LOVE Halloween!  It's the perfect
   holiday to get creative and make inexpensive creepy decor.  Last year,
   I decorated the mudroom with a bunch of affordable DIY projects and
   this year, I already started turning thrift store finds into creepy
   Halloween decor.
   Most recently, I found a set of old display frames and knew right away
   I had to get them.  Their texture, shape and color was the perfect
   combination for creating creepy vintage inspired specimen art.
   Vintage inspired DIY spider specimen art
   Read more »
   Posted by Katie @ Little House of Four 1 comment:
   Labels: DIY Crafts, Halloween

Tuesday, September 10, 2019

Stylish and Budget-Friendly Mid Century Modern Accent Chairs

   The best stylish and budget-friendly mid century modern accent chairs!
   The kitchen and first-floor renovation are coming to an end, which
   means it's time to think about decorating, in particular, finding a
   pair of mid century modern accent chairs for the living room.
   Removing four walls created the open floor plan I desired, but also
   created a few new design challenges, mainly furniture placement.
   Unfortunately, I had to let some furniture go that no longer worked
   with the new layout, but it's been fun hunting for pieces that better
   fit the style and function of the new open floor plan.
   Lately, I've been on the lookout for a pair of medium size mid century
   modern accent chairs and wanted to share a few of my favorite
   budget-friendly picks.   Budget-friendly mid century modern accent
   chairs
   Read more »
   Posted by Katie @ Little House of Four 2 comments:
   Labels: Budget Decorating, Inspiration, Living Room

Friday, August 30, 2019

Vintage Chic Half Bathroom Updates

   Updating a simple half bathroom with vintage chic decor from Walmart
   This post is sponsored by Walmart
   Our basement bathroom has been through quite a few transformations
   since we moved into our home 12 years ago.  Before I even started
   blogging, we gutted the original bathroom and moved it down a few feet
   to make room for a small bar area.   Then, just the other year, I gave
   it a modern vintage makeover with new tile, paint, fixtures and
   decor.
   I can never leave well enough alone, so I tweaked a little of the decor
   to give it more of a vintage chic makeover.  With the help
   of Walmart, I was able to achieve this look with a few simple and
   affordable decor pieces.   Walmart has such a wide selection of
   affordable decor (especially online!) and with free shipping on orders
   over $35, it's never been easier or more affordable to update your
   home.
   Vintage chic bathroom updates
   Read more »
   Posted by Katie @ Little House of Four 1 comment:
   Labels: Basement Bathroom, Budget Decorating

Tuesday, August 27, 2019

Kitchen Renovation Progress: Board and Batten Wall, Craftsman Style Columns
and Railing

An open floor plan of a ranch style home with white craftsman style columns
and black modern railing.

   It's coming to the end of the kitchen renovation and it feels so good!
    Counters and appliances have been installed and the kitchen has
   finally been usable for a couple weeks now.   There's still work to be
   done, but seeing it all come together could not be more exciting.
   The latest project to be completed (well, almost complete) are the
   columns and railing that we added after removing the walls and opening
   up the stairs.
   Let's take a look back at how the house looked a few months ago.
   Rancher style home before
   Read more »
   Posted by Katie @ Little House of Four 3 comments:
   Labels: DIY, Kitchen, Living Room

Wednesday, August 21, 2019

Modern and Moody Coastal Bedroom

   The perfect modern and moody coastal bedroom!
   This post is sponsored by Walmart
   Ever since coming back from the beach my daughter has been all about
   seashells and coral.  She even traded in her arcade tickets for a white
   coral candle holder that she was so excited to put in her room.   I
   knew as soon as it was time to put her room back together that she
   would want to decorate with beachy and coastal decor.
   If you know me, coastal and beachy aren't really terms I would use to
   describe my style, but I was all about giving her room a tasteful
   update that incorporated both coastal and moody modern elements.
   Moody and modern coastal bedroom decor
   Lucky for me, Walmart has some great coastal decor options that are
   both affordable and perfect for achieving a stylish coastal vibe.  They
   also offer free shipping on orders over $35 (and FREE returns!), which
   is awesome for someone like me who loves shopping online.
   Read more »
   Posted by Katie @ Little House of Four 1 comment:

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

   Meet Katie
   Let's connect
   E-mail Little House of Four Follow Little House of Four on Facebook
   Follow Little House of Four on Instagram Follow Little House of Four on
   Pinterest Follow Little House of Four on Twitter Follow Little House of
   Four on Bloglovin
   I'm Loving
   [65220a35-9ba1-4027-bdc8-a77df8ee24cb.jpg]
   Little House of Four blog categories
   Basement (18) Basement Bathroom (9) Before and After (49) Budget
   Decorating (44) Christmas Decor (33) Decor (73) DIY (196) DIY Crafts
   (33) DIY gifts (11) DIY Monthly Challenge (2) Dollar Store (54) Fall
   Decorating (32) Furniture Makeovers (37) Garage addition (6) Goodwill
   Finds (11) Inspiration (69) Let's Go Shopping (13) Living Room (18)
   Master Bedroom (8) Mudroom (11) Office (17) Organizing (31) Owen's Room
   (4) Paige's Room (10) Painting (22) Printables (8) Spring (19) Storage
   (21) Sweet Clover (33) Trash to Treasure (12)
   Search Little House of Four
   __________ Search

   Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PBN79J
