   #next DIY Home Decor Guide - Inspiring Home Decor Ideas » Feed DIY Home
   Decor Guide - Inspiring Home Decor Ideas » Comments Feed

DIY Home Decor Guide – Inspiring Home Decor Ideas

Menu

   Skip to content
     * Home Decor
     * Garden Decor
     * Kitchen Decor
     * Living and life style
     * Room Decor
     * About
     * Contact

5 Tips on How to Maintain a Natural Stone Countertop

   Aug2
   [INS: :INS]

   Homeowners today love their natural stone countertops. If you have a
   natural stone countertop, then you know why it is so popular. These
   countertops are loved by homeowners around the country (and the globe)
   for their beauty, durability, color and texture variety, and easy in
   cleaning and maintenance. Not only that, but these countertops can help
   increase the value of your home tremendously, which can be helpful if
   you plan to sell now or in the future.

   If you don’t plan to sell your home and just want to enjoy your natural
   stone countertop, then you are not to blame. But it is important to
   know that if you want your countertop to last for years to come and to
   remain the beautiful focal point of your kitchen (or bathroom), then
   you will need to take good care of them.
   Natural countertop stone

   If you are just selecting your natural stone countertop for the first
   time as you are building a home, or remodeling and replacing a
   non-stone counter, know that there are many options for you. Most
   popular choices are granite, marble, limestone, slate, soapstone, onyx,
   and travertine. Quartz is also a popular choice, but know that this is
   a man-made material that consists of quartz and binding polymers and
   colored pigments. Regardless of which material you choose, maintenance
   and proper cleaning are a must.
   [INS: :INS]

How to clean and maintain your natural stone countertop

   As we have already said, natural stone creates both a beautiful as well
   as classic look in your kitchen or bathroom. Regardless of the type of
   natural stone that you choose, you must quickly learn how to look after
   the stone to avoid damage.
   [INS: :INS]

   Leverage these suggestions for routine maintenance and cleaning for
   your natural stone countertops.
   [INS: :INS]
     * Seal the stone – In most cases, natural stone is porous, which
       means that it will absorb moisture and staining agents from dropped
       food, liquids, and other substances. To prevent staining, natural
       stone countertops must be correctly sealed and resealed as required
       by a professional (or DIYer) who is well versed on sealing
       techniques for these surfaces. While you absolutely can either do
       the sealing yourself, you may want to consider hiring a stone care
       professional to do the sealing.
     * Use stone-safe cleaning products – Routine cleaning should be
       conducted by using a pH neutral cleaner, especially one that is
       designed and designated as safe for natural stone. You will want to
       stay away from cleaners that are abrasive or acidic. Even soapy
       water can create a filmy residue and cause discoloration. And glass
       cleaner is even worse as it might dim the polish.
     * Clean-up stains quickly – If you do spill a colored liquid or food
       product on your natural stone countertop, do not delay the
       cleaning. Any delay will increase the likelihood that the stone
       will absorb the stone, and that will mean permanent damage.
     * Be cautious – While this might seem rather obvious, you must take
       steps to protect your countertops from damage that could be
       otherwise avoided. As an example, your marble bathroom vanity or
       your sophisticated onyx bar top is particularly vulnerable to
       acidic spills. You should always use coasters under your cups and
       glasses. And, be sure to wipe up any and all spills as quickly as
       possible. Do not place perfumes and cosmetics directly on the
       surface of your stone countertops either. Many homeowners find that
       putting these items on an elegant tray not only creates a classic
       look but also conveniently protects the countertop surface from
       potential damage.
     * Call the professionals – Consider your natural stone countertops as
       the investment that they really are. As with any high-end item, you
       need to have proper maintenance done periodically. And, this holds
       true for your countertops as well. Consider intermittent treatments
       from a stone care professional. If your countertop’s surface has
       become dull, carved, or damaged, know that it likely can be
       polished, sharpened, and repaired or restored when put into the
       hands of a professional.

Additional tips to maintain your natural stone countertop

   Though the above tips are the most important, there are a few other
   tips that should be considered. While some of these tips may seem
   redundant, we believe it is worth the time to articulate some of the
   care tips to ensure it is obvious. For example, protect your
   countertops from hot pots and pans, casserole dishes of food, cookie
   sheets, etc. Though you can place hot items directly on the granite,
   excessive heat on any natural stone can cause a crack in the stone. By
   using trivets that allow the air to move under the hot item, you will
   be taking great steps to protect your counter.

   Make sure that family members and visitors are not tempted to sit on
   top of your counters. Small fissures that are inherent in the stone may
   crack when subjected to extreme weights. To this end, while you
   absolutely can directly cut on some natural stone products, it may be
   better to be safe than sorry by using a cutting board. Many homeowners
   can get in front of this by asking their contractor for a cutting board
   made from the same slab of material used in making their countertop.
   This allows you to benefit from the hardness of the stone while
   protecting the larger surface. For more information on how to properly
   clean and maintain your natural stone countertop, please visit slab
   market.

   Finally, remember too that your sealant will not last forever. Typical
   wear and tear will wear away at the finish over time. The frequency for
   resealing will depend on the type of stone that you select, and the
   quality of that particular slab. Light-colored stone tends to require
   resealed every three years or less while darker colors can often go for
   five years before a reseal is needed. When in doubt, refer to the
   manufacturer’s instructions, or consult with a natural stone expert or
   contractor.
   [INS: :INS]

   This entry was posted on August 2, 2019, in Miscellaneous. Leave a
   comment

What Color to Paint your Master Bedroom?

   Sep20

   The master bedroom is often regarded as a private and personal oasis
   where you can unwind and rest after a long day. Therefore, it should be
   decorated with relaxation in mind. To feel fully relaxed it’s important
   to choose a paint color that isn’t too bold. The color of your walls
   can greatly affect how you sleep at night and your overall attitude
   while in your bedroom. To make your bedroom a peaceful space, discover
   the best colors to stimulate calmness.

How to choose the right color for your master bedroom

   When looking for a new paint color for your bedroom you should remember
   the overall goal is to make the room soothing and relaxing. Avoid
   choosing a color that is too bright or too bold. A very bright yellow
   or orange will keep your mind stimulated at night and make it more
   difficult to fall asleep. The best colors are neutral colors, such as
   light brown, green, white, blue or grey. These soft and calming colors
   will make it easier to go to bed and provide you with a more restful
   sleep. If you’re having difficulties finding a color that’s soothing
   and meets your style needs, you should contact an interior design. They
   can quickly identify the best color to choose for your bedroom.

   master bedroom coloring Ideas

Tips to consider:

Color and style of the current furniture

   The color of your walls should coordinate with the furniture you have
   in your bedroom. For example, if you have a gray couch in your bedroom
   it might not be the best idea to paint your walls a light yellow. The
   two colors would like mix-matched together and can ruin the appearance
   of your gorgeous master bedroom.  Before deciding on a paint color for
   your walls you should keep in mind the color and style of the furniture
   you have in your bedroom.

Intended tone of the bedroom

   To make your bedroom a truly soothing and enjoyable space you should
   consider what type of mood you’re looking to achieve. Is your only goal
   to stimulate peacefulness or do you want your room to appear
   sophisticated and energetic as well? Each color conveys a different
   message. Therefore, you should first decide which color best matches
   your intended goal.

Light source

   Sometimes light can be deceiving because a paint color that you
   initially loved might appear differently when it’s in your bedroom due
   to the type of lighting you have. In order to avoid being disappointed
   by your paint color it’s best to take a paint sample home with you and
   place it on your wall so you can see if it’s the right choice for you.
   If you don’t like the color or it appears differently than you imagined
   on your wall you can just find a new color. It’s best to know this
   information beforehand than after you’ve purchased a new paint color
   and have already started painting it on your wall.

Oil paint versus latex paint

   There are two popular options for interior paints, oil-based paint and
   water-based paint. Each has their own features and uses in various
   spaces and situations. Thus, it is better to understand the
   characteristics of oil and latex based paint before making a final
   decision.

   Oil or alkyd paint comes with excellent stain resistance, isn’t as
   affected by weather changes and offers a beautiful and smooth look.
   However, it has a very foul chemical odor, isn’t as flexible and takes
   longer to dry since it has petroleum. This type of paint is ideal for
   trim in your home, baseboards and window frames.

   Water based paint has a very quick dry time, offers several different
   colors and it doesn’t have a strong odor. The only downsides are that
   it is susceptible to chipping, it doesn’t have the same smooth look as
   oil paint and it’s not recommended in a wet environment since it can
   take longer to dry. This type of paint is wonderful for walls, the
   exterior of a home and any type of masonry work.

Color ideas for your master bedroom

   No matter what kind of environment you would like to create, there is
   always a color scheme which might aid in setting the tone. You can use
   only one color, bring in multiple hues or mix in complementary shades
   from the same family. For example, try bringing jewel tones if you are
   fond of emerald green. Want a red wall? Consider accents in warm tones
   like orange and yellow.  Here are some popular color ideas to create an
   inspiring space for your master bedroom:
    1. White

   If all that you want is simplicity, a white master bedroom seems to be
   the perfect option. Bring in soft textures and natural materials to
   keep the space from being so sterile or stark, and avoid clutters,
   which might take away from a relaxing vibe.
    2. Red

   The adventurous shade is able to energize, so do not be surprised when
   you wake up easier in a bedroom with cherry-red walls. This color
   matches well with other warm hues and rich woods. Try adding textiles
   like an Indian block print or a crimson paint coat to incorporate
   touches of red.
    3. Pink

   This soft, beautiful color is great for creating a romantic and calming
   space. Mixing in casual fabrics and global patterns, such as burlap or
   relaxed linens, can prevent your space from looking too feminine.
    4. Gray

   For a sophisticated and calm environment, you cannot go wrong with a
   gray tone. Whether you select a rich charcoal or subtle off-white hue,
   the shade will be a neutral layer and let all items like colorful
   bedding or art stand out.
    5. Yellow

   The happy and sunny shade might be a quick pick-me-up after a long day
   or a morning when you do not want to wake up and get out of the bed.
   Bring in other colors from nature, such as a cherry-red table or grassy
   green lamp.
    6. Purple

   Purple is often regarded as the royal color, so it is great for
   creating an elegant and regal space in your bedroom. Try mixing with
   other jewel hues such as turquoise, ruby red, and sapphire blue to
   balance the brilliant violet shades.
    7. Blue

   Channeling the sky and the sea, blue can bring a calming effect in your
   bedroom. The timeless combination of white and blue looks classic and
   elegant, whether you add a wallpaper or fabric in a lush floral or
   nautical stripe.
    8. Green

   Green often symbolizes the renewal and can be restful for human eyes.
   This is the main reason why it is a popular option in many master
   bedroom. You should try other natural elements such as warm woods to
   enhance the organic look of the space.

   This entry was posted on September 20, 2018, in Room Decor. Leave a
   comment

Post navigation

   ← Older posts
   Search for: ____________________ Search

   Search for: ____________________ Search

Follow Us!

   Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Google+ Follow Us on Twitter Follow
   Us on Pinterest

Popular Posts

     * DIY spoon puppets for kids DIY Easy Fun Crafts For Kids At Home
     * Recycled DIY Halloween Decorations Scary DIY Halloween Decorations
       and Crafts Ideas 2015
     * DIY Birthday cards ideas Easy DIY Birthday Cards Ideas and Designs
     * Old keys recycled art projects DIY Recycled Art Projects for Home
       Decor
     * DIY painting glass jar ideas DIY Painting Glass Jars And Bottles
       Tutorials
     * Floral glass painting patterns DIY Glass Painting Patterns Ideas
     * DIY home decor painting DIY Easy canvas painting ideas for Home
     * Easy DIY paper flowers DIY Paper Flower Tutorial Step By Step
       Instructions
     * Handmade christmas ornaments 20 DIY Christmas Decorations And
       Crafts Ideas
     * Beautiful DIY wedding decorations Easy DIY Wedding Decorations on
       Low Budget

   [INS: :INS]

   Proudly powered by WordPress |
