   []


   The International Sustainable Development Research Society (ISDRS) is
   pleased to announce its 26th annual conference to be held on the


   15-17th of July, 2020 in Budapest, Hungary

   hosted by the Department of Environmental Economics at the
   Budapest University of Technology and Economics (BME)

   Conference special topic:

   'Sustainability in Transforming Societies'


   The Budapest conference will aim at identifying the most important
   trends in today's societies happening either as a result or parallel to
   the environmental and social crises we face in both developing and
   developed countries. The conference will explore the sustainability
   implications of these large scale changes, including, but not limited
   to shifts in demographics and the polarization evident in many
   societies; the impacts of rapid technological innovation including the
   digitisation of the economy; the shifting centres of economic power and
   the spread of new business models, as well as resulting changes in
   lifestyles.

   The urgency of the need to understand how these changes interact with a
   need for a more sustainable society has been emphasized by the UN
   Environment's sixth Global Environment Outlook (GEO). The report
   published in Spring, 2019 concluded that recent, unsustainable
   production and consumption patterns and inequality, combined with
   increases in the use of resources lead to the deterioration of our
   Planet's health at unprecedented rates, which has serious consequences,
   in particular for poorer people and regions.

   The report warns that ‘the world is not on track to achieve the
   environmental dimension of the Sustainable Development Goals or other
   internationally agreed environmental goals by 2030; nor is it on track
   to deliver long-term sustainability by 2050' (GEO 6 key messages).

   On the one hand, incremental change (e.g. the gradual improvement of
   resource efficiency) has serious limitations such as the time required
   to achieve significant results and the several types of rebound effect
   resulting from an increase in population and individual consumption. On
   the other hand, our understanding of the sustainability implications of
   current systemic changes in our transforming societies is very limited.

   Thus, urgency to take action combined with the large scale societal
   changes call for new solutions in every sphere of our societies. To
   this end, we invite contributions, which either explore the
   sustainability implications of systemic changes in our societies and/or
   provide solutions to these challenges. Discussions will be organised
   along the traditional tracks of the conference based on the topic
   groups of ISDRS and a special track with a more concrete focus on
   transforming societies. Additionally, keynote speakers from all around
   the world will address challenges in line with the special topic of the
   conference.
   &nbps;
   instagram facebook twitter youtube
   Copyright Reserved © 2019 | Contact Us | Ex Ordo - Abstract Management
   for Conferences | Log In
     * Home
     * Conference
          + Themes and tracks
          + PhD Workshop
          + Organizing and Scientific Committee
          + Submission of papers and posters
     * Event Information
          + Venue
          + The city of Budapest
          + Accommodation
          + Transportation
     * ISDRS
          + About the ISDRS
          + Journals
          + Past conferences
     * Contact us

   &nbps;
