     * Home
     * Team
     * Publications
     * Software
     * Projects
     * Seminar

Short Presentation - PolSys (Polynomial Systems)

   PolSys is a joint project-team between INRIA, CNRS and University
   Pierre and Marie Curie. Our group is internationally recognized as one
   of the leading group in the area of solving systems of polynomial
   equations/inequalities (non-linear systems) using exact methods. Our
   goal is to develop efficient algorithms for computing the complex
   solutions and/or the real ones or in a finite field. PolSys has
   developed several fundamental algorithms, in particular algorithms for
   computing Gröbner bases and algorithms based on the so-called critical
   point method. Complexity issues are also investigated and recently the
   group has obtained results for structured polynomial systems (systems
   with symmetries, overdetermined or bilinear systems,…) enabling to
   identify some classes of problems which can be solved in polynomial
   time.
   The practical efficiency of our algorithms relies on highly efficient
   linear algebra libraries. Hence, the group is involved in the
   development of parallel high performance linear algebra packages.
   Algorithms and software developed by PolSys are validated by solving
   challenging applications arising in scientific computing. Beyond the
   wide range of studied applications, the group focuses on:
   • Applications in Cryptology and, in particular, the emerging topic
   Algebraic Cryptanalysis. The goal is to evaluate the security of a
   cryptosystem by reducing its study to the solving of an algebraic
   system with coefficients in a finite field.
   • Computational Geometry: a new trend in this area is to substitute the
   manipulation of points and lines with algebraic curves. Intersecting
   such objects is equivalent to solve an algebraic system.
   • Global optimizations problems of algebraic functions leading to new
   applications in scientific computing.
   • Software and algorithms developed by the group have been successfully
   used in several applications fields: Biology, Robotics and Signal
   Theory.
   Our software are devoted to be used in some industrial and academic
   applications and teaching. The valorization of this software activity
   is ensured by their integration in recent releases of the Computer
   Algebra system Maple (distributed by the WMI Canadian Company)
   As a prospective subject, we investigate a new research direction which
   consists in exploiting interactions between symbolic and numeric
   computing (action SYNUS in partnership with the group PEQUAN).

Keywords

   Computer Algebra, Polynomial System Solving, Gröbner Bases, Complexity,
   Real roots, Parametric systems, Cryptology, Algebraic Cryptanalysis,
   Algebraic Computational Geometry, Applications, Symbolic/Numeric
   Interaction, Software, High performance Linear Algebra.

   CSS Valide ! Valid XHTML 1.0 Strict
