   #Northwestern University Knight Lab

   (BUTTON)

     * Projects
     * Studio
     * Local News
     * Posts
     * Community
     * About

   [logo-knightlab-stacked-dark.png]

   Northwestern University Knight Lab is a community of designers,
   developers, students, and educators working on experiments designed to
   push journalism into new spaces.

   The Lab provides an open, collaborative environment for
   interdisciplinary exploration and conversation, where students and
   professionals learn together and from one another. In short, we’re
   energized by hard questions worth answering; we believe in the process
   as much as the product.

Latest News

   Latest updates about our work, observations and experimentation in the
   Knight Lab and Knight Lab Studio.

   Lab projects | Jun 28, 2019

Building a Community for VR and AR Storytelling

   by Rebecca Poulson | RebeccaPoulson

   In 2016 we founded the Device Lab to provide a hub for the exploration
   of AR/VR storytelling on campus. In addition to providing access to ...

   Ideas | Jun 10, 2019

A Brief Introduction to Newsgames Can video games be used to tell the news?

   by Victoria Cabales

   When the Financial Times released The Uber Game in 2017, the game
   immediately gained widespread popularity with more than 360,000 visits,
   rising up the ranks as the ...

   Events | Mar 6, 2019

With the 25th CAR Conference upon us, let’s recall the first one When the Web
was young, data journalism pioneers gathered in Raleigh

   by Rich Gordon

   For a few days in October 1993, if you were interested in journalism
   and technology, Raleigh, North Carolina was the place you had to be.
   ...

   Sign up for our mailing list View More

Storytelling Tools

   We build easy-to-use tools that can help you tell better stories.

   We’re probably best known for our innovative suite of open-source,
   adaptable, and lightweight tools for media makers. The most popular,
   TimelineJS, has been used by more than 250,000 people to tell stories
   seen hundreds of millions of times, and is available in more than sixty
   languages. We also develop prototypes of tools for reporting, data
   management, research, and storytelling, often in connection with
   Northwestern classes. Students from our community have gone on to work
   at the New York Times, Vox Media, NPR, Medium, FiveThirtyEight, the
   Washington Post, the Los Angeles Times, Huffington Post, and more.

Juxtapose JS

   Easy-to-make frame comparisons.

Scene VR

   Easy-to-make VR stories.

Soundcite JS

   Seamless inline audio.

Storyline JS

   Tell the story behind the numbers.

StoryMap JS

   Maps that tell stories.

Timeline JS

   Easy-to-make, beautiful timelines.
   View More

Studio

   Pushing media into new spaces.
   [studio_people_03.jpg] Zach Wise The Podcast Discoverability group
   present their findings to the rest of the studio class.

   Knight Lab Studio is an interdisciplinary lab class working at the
   intersection of storytelling, design, and technology: all media and
   platforms are fair game. As we work on these problems, we produce
   cutting-edge digital work, research, and thought — innovating across
   every part of the media-making process.

   Each quarter, diverse student teams work alongside Knight Lab faculty
   and staff to explore emerging technologies and take on real problems.
   Our process combines user and audience research, design thinking,
   critical and analytical work, iterative building, storytelling, new
   technology, and a healthy dose of experimentation.
   View More

Students and Community

   Students make the Lab a vibrant place.
   [open_lab_students.jpg] Open Lab

   Northwestern students from any school who are interested in media and
   technology are encouraged to get involved with Knight Lab. Interested
   students should sign up for the community Google Group to keep up with
   our public activities and other opportunities. We have two weekly
   events which are a great way to get started:
     * Open Lab Nights (Tuesdays, 7-9 p.m.)
     * Lab Lunch (Thursdays, 11:30 a.m. - 1 p.m.)

   Students who show initiative and commitment to developing their skills
   may be invited to join the Lab's Student Fellowship program. Fellows
   make key contributions to the Lab's technology, editorial coverage, and
   educational efforts. Students who have been Knight Lab fellows
   regularly go directly from Northwestern to the world's leading
   newsrooms and technology companies, including NPR, New York Times,
   Washington Post, Medium, Amazon, Los Angeles Times, and others.

   Learn more about how students get involved with Knight Lab.
   Google Group Facebook Page View More

Local News Initiative

   Understanding Individuals.
   Bolstering Local News.

   The Local News Initiative is a two-year research and development
   project intended to spur experimentation of new approaches to local
   news—through deeper audience insights that could give rise to more
   reader engagement, improved trust and, ultimately, more sustainable
   business models.
   View More

Device Lab

   Explore new technology.
   Form big ideas.

   The Device Lab provides the Northwestern community with a playground to
   experience and experiment with the new technologies shaping the future
   of storytelling.
   [devicelab_phones.jpg] Zach Wise Mobile Devices in the Device Lab.

   Why? We believe innovation happens only when immersed in a problem.
   It’s no secret that media continues to evolve —the question is how and
   where we choose to lead.

   The path forward begins with access. The lab welcomes any NU faculty,
   students, or staff who want to try something new. Over time, those who
   want to develop more expertise can use the lab as an incubator for
   creative projects that test the limits of new platforms.

   We're located at Fisk Hall, first floor in the Knight Lab (map).
   View More

Research

   Experimental technology for reporters,
   consumers, and publishers.
   [research.jpg]

   Knight Lab's faculty members contribute experimental ideas and
   technology to the Lab. Sometimes these ideas are developed in
   undergraduate classes co-taught by computer science and journalism
   faculty; sometimes they are developed by Ph.D students exploring
   specific concepts. Research projects have done everything from help
   readers find new books to tell them which candidate they'd likely
   support in an election.

About

   Advancing media innovation through
   exploration and experimentation.

   Northwestern University Knight Lab is a community of designers,
   developers, students, and educators working on experiments designed to
   push journalism into new spaces.
   View More

   [logo-knightlab-stacked-dark-small.png]
     *
     *
     *

   The Northwestern University Knight Lab is a team of technologists and
   journalists working at advancing news media innovation through
   exploration and experimentation.
   [logo-medill-dark.png]
   [logo-mccormick-dark.png]


    Knight Lab (847) 467-4971 1845 Sheridan Road Fisk #109 & #111

   Evanston, IL 60208 Latitude: 42.056893
   Longitude: -87.676735 Northwesten University Knight Lab | Advancing
   media innovation through exploration and experimentation.


   © Copyright 2017 Northwestern University
