   #alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KBZT52X

   Jump to navigation

   Voluntary offer from Piano

     * Cxense Platform
          + Cxense Insight
          + Cxense DMP
          + Cxense Content
          + Cxense Conversion Engine
     * Solutions
          + Media & Publishing
               o Data Management Platform
               o Content Personalization
               o Subscription Optimization
          + eCommerce & Retail
               o Data Management Platform
               o Conversion Optimization
     * Clients
          + Case Studies
          + Partners
     * About
          + Company
          + Investors
          + Careers
          + Contact Us
     * Blog
     * Help Center
     * Investors
     * Contact Us
     * Careers

     *
     *
     *

   Request demo

Search form

   Search _______________
   Search

OUR PRIVACY POLICY

Privacy Policy

   Last edited on May 15, 2019

   We are delighted that you have shown interest in Cxense ASA and our
   website. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for us. The
   use of the website of Cxense ASA is possible without any indication of
   personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special services
   via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If
   the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory
   basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data
   subject.

   Personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone
   number of a data subject will not be collected by Cxense ASA, unless
   this data is voluntarily provided by a data subject, e.g. as part of
   newsletter registration, an online application or via a contact form on
   our website.

   All processing of personal data shall always be in line with the
   General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the
   country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Cxense ASA.
   By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like
   to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the
   personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects
   are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the
   rights to which they are entitled.

   As the controller, Cxense ASA has implemented numerous technical and
   organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of
   personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based
   data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute
   protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject
   is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by
   telephone.

1. Definitions

   The data protection declaration of Cxense ASA is based on the terms
   used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data
   Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be
   legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our
   customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first
   explain the terminology used.

   In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following
   terms:

   a) Personal data

   Personal data means any information relating to an identified or
   identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural
   person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in
   particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an
   identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or
   more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental,
   economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

   b) Data subject

   Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose
   personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the
   processing.

   c) Processing

   Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on
   personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated
   means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring,
   storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use,
   disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making
   available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
   destruction.

   d) Restriction of processing

   Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with
   the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

   e) Profiling

   Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data
   consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal
   aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or
   predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work,
   economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests,
   reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

   f) Pseudonymisation

   Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner
   that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data
   subject without the use of additional information, provided that such
   additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical
   and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not
   attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

   g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing

   Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural
   or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or
   jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the
   processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such
   processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller
   or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by
   Union or Member State law.

   h) Processor

   Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or
   other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

   i) Recipient

   Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or
   another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third
   party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal
   data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union
   or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing
   of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with
   the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the
   processing.

   j) Third party

   Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or
   body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons
   who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are
   authorised to process personal data.

   k) Consent

   Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and
   unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she,
   by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to
   the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and address of the controller

   Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation
   (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the
   European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

   Cxense ASA, Karenslyst Allé 4, 0278 Oslo, Norway

   Email: privacy@cxense.com

3. Name and address of the Data Protection Officer

   The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:

   Marco Schröder

   2b advice GmbH, Joseph Schumpeter Allee 25, 53227 Bonn, Germany

   Phone: +49 (228) 926165 120

   Email: cxense@2b-advice.com

   Website: www.2b-advice.com

   Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer
   directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.

4. Cookies

   The Internet pages of Cxense ASA use cookies. Cookies are text files
   that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.

   Many websites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called
   cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It
   consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers
   can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie
   was stored. This allows visited websites and servers to differentiate
   the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers
   that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be
   recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.

   Through the use of cookies, Cxense ASA can provide users of this
   website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible
   without the cookie setting.

   By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be
   optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously
   mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this
   recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The
   website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data
   each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the
   website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system.
   Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The
   online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the
   virtual shopping cart via a cookie.

   The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies
   through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet
   browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
   Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an
   Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all
   popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting
   of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our
   website may be entirely usable.

5. Collection of general data and information

   The website of Cxense ASA collects a series of general data and
   information when a data subject or automated system calls up the
   website. This general data and information are stored in the server log
   files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2)
   the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from
   which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers),
   (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the website,
   (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service
   provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and
   information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information
   technology systems.

   When using these general data and information, Cxense ASA does not draw
   any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is
   needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2)
   optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3)
   ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems
   and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities
   with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a
   cyber-attack. Therefore, Cxense ASA analyzes anonymously collected data
   and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data
   protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an
   optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The
   anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all
   personal data provided by a data subject.

6. Registration on our website

   The data subject has the possibility to register on the website of the
   controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data
   are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input
   mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data
   subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the
   controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request
   transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a parcel service) that also
   uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the
   controller.

   By registering on the website of the controller, the IP
   address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the
   data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The
   storage of this data takes place against the background that this is
   the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary,
   to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the
   storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data
   is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory
   obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of
   criminal prosecution.

   The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of
   personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data
   subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered
   users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons
   are free to change the personal data specified during the registration
   at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of
   the controller.

   The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon
   request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about
   the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or
   erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject,
   insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. The entirety of
   the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this
   respect as contact persons.

7. Subscription to our newsletters

   On the website of Cxense ASA, users are given the opportunity to
   subscribe to our enterprise's newsletter. The input mask used for this
   purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when
   the newsletter is ordered from the controller.

   Cxense ASA informs its customers and business partners regularly by
   means of a newsletter about enterprise offers. The enterprise's
   newsletter may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data
   subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers
   for the newsletter.

   During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP
   address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service
   provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the
   registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The
   collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the
   (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later
   date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the
   controller.

   The personal data collected as part of a registration for the
   newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition,
   subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as
   this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a
   registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of
   modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in
   technical circumstances. There will be no transfer of personal data
   collected by the newsletter service to third parties. The subscription
   to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time.
   The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has
   given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. For the
   purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each
   newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at
   any time directly on the website of the controller, or to communicate
   this to the controller in a different way.

8. Newsletter tracking

   The newsletters of Cxense ASA contain so-called tracking pixels. A
   tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which
   are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This
   allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online
   marketing campaigns.Based on the embedded tracking pixel, Cxense ASA
   may see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which
   links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects.

   Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the
   newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to
   optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the
   content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data
   subject. These personal data will not be passed on to third parties.
   Data subjects are at any time entitled to revoke the respective
   separate declaration of consent. After a revocation, these personal
   data will be deleted by the controller. The Cxense ASA automatically
   regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a
   revocation.

9. Contact possibility via the website

   The website of Cxense ASA contains information that enables a quick
   electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication
   with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called
   electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the
   controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data
   transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal
   data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data
   controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the
   data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third
   parties.

10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data

   The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the
   data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of
   storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or
   other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is
   subject to.

   If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period
   prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator
   expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in
   accordance with legal requirements.

11. Rights of the data subject

   a) Right of confirmation

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether
   or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a
   data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he
   or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.

   b) Right of access

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or
   her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information.
   Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data
   subject access to the following information:

   the purposes of the processing;

   the categories of personal data concerned;

   the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data
   have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third
   countries or international organisations;

   where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will
   be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that
   period;

   the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification
   or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal
   data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;

   the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
   authority;

   where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any
   available information as to their source;

   the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling,
   referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those
   cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the
   significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data
   subject.

   Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information
   as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an
   international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject
   shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards
   relating to the transfer.

   If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he
   or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.

   c) Right to rectification

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the
   rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking
   into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall
   have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by
   means of providing a supplementary statement.

   If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or
   she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.

   d) Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data
   concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall
   have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where
   one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not
   necessary:

   The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes
   for which they were collected or otherwise processed.

   The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based
   according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of
   Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for
   the processing.

   The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of
   the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the
   processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to
   Article 21(2) of the GDPR.

   The personal data have been unlawfully processed.

   The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation
   in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.

   The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of
   information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.

   If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes
   to request the erasure of personal data stored by Cxense ASA, he or she
   may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee
   of Cxense ASA shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is
   complied with immediately.

   Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged
   pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller,
   taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation,
   shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform
   other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject
   has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or
   replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not
   required. An employees of Cxense ASA will arrange the necessary
   measures in individual cases.

   e) Right of restriction of processing

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing
   where one of the following applies:

   The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for
   a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal
   data.

   The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of
   the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use
   instead.

   The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of
   the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the
   establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

   The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1)
   of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of
   the controller override those of the data subject.

   If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject
   wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data
   stored by Cxense ASA, he or she may at any time contact any employee of
   the controller. The employee of Cxense ASA will arrange the restriction
   of the processing.

   f) Right to data portability

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which
   was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and
   machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit
   those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller
   to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the
   processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of
   the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract
   pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing
   is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not
   necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public
   interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the
   controller.

   Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability
   pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the
   right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to
   another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not
   adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

   In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may
   at any time contact any employee of Cxense ASA.

   g) Right to object

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular
   situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him
   or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR.
   This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

   The Cxense ASA shall no longer process the personal data in the event
   of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate
   grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and
   freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or
   defence of legal claims.

   If Cxense ASA processes personal data for direct marketing purposes,
   the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to
   processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing.
   This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such
   direct marketing. If the data subject objects to Cxense ASA to the
   processing for direct marketing purposes, Cxense ASA will no longer
   process the personal data for these purposes.

   In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his
   or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data
   concerning him or her by Cxense ASA for scientific or historical
   research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article
   89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the
   performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

   In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact
   any employee of Cxense ASA. In addition, the data subject is free in
   the context of the use of information society services, and
   notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object
   by automated means using technical specifications.

   h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated
   processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects
   concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her,
   as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or
   the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data
   controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to
   which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable
   measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and
   legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's
   explicit consent.

   If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance
   of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2)
   it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, Cxense ASA shall
   implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and
   freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human
   intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point
   of view and contest the decision.

   If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated
   individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any
   employee of Cxense ASA.

   i) Right to withdraw data protection consent

   Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European
   legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her
   personal data at any time.

   f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the
   consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of Cxense
   ASA.

   j) Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
   Each data subject shall have the right to lodge a complaint with the
   data protection supervisory authority. The supervisory authority for
   Cxense ASA is: Datatilsynet, P.O. Box 8177 Dep., NO-0034 Oslo,
   datalisynet.no

12. Data protection for applications and the application procedures

   The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of
   applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application
   procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This
   is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding
   application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the
   website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an
   employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be
   stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in
   compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is
   concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application
   documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification
   of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of
   the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in
   this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the
   General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

   On this website the controller has integrated components of BambooHR.
   BambooHR is a provider of human resources software as a service. The
   operator of BambooHR is BambooHR LLC, 333 South 520 West, Suite 200,
   Lindon, UT 84042-1911, United States.

   Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of
   BambooHR may be retrieved under http://www.bamboohr.com/privacy.php

13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Signatu

   On this website, the controller has integrated components of Signatu.
   Signatu is a self-service cloud service that allows the controller to
   map their internal and 3rd party data processing activities, create
   privacy policies that are compliant with the GDPR, integrate the
   privacy policy and consent interactions in the controllers website, and
   track data subjects’ consent to the processing of personal data.

   If the data subject consents to the controller’s use of cookies and
   privacy policy, e.g. with a click on the “I accept” button, Signatu
   stores of a record of this consent. Signatu keeps this record on behalf
   of the controller, and provides the controller with the possibility to
   query information such as the current consent status.

   The operator of Signatu is Signatu AS, Gaustadalléen 21, 0373 Oslo,
   Norway.

   Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of
   Signatu may be retrieved under www.signatu.com.

14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google
Analytics (with anonymization function)

   On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google
   Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web
   analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and
   analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web
   analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from
   which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were
   visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web
   analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in
   order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

   The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600
   Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.

   For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the
   application "_gat. _anonymizeIp". By means of this application the IP
   address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by
   Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State
   of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on
   the European Economic Area.

   The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic
   on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter
   alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports,
   which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other
   services concerning the use of our website for us.

   Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system
   of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With
   the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our
   website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this
   website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google
   Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the
   information technology system of the data subject will automatically
   submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of
   online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During
   the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains
   knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data
   subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of
   visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.

   The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access
   time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of
   visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our
   website, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet
   access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the
   United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in
   the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data
   collected through the technical procedure to third parties.

   The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies
   through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment
   of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of
   cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also
   prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information
   technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in
   use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or
   other software programs.

   In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a
   collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is
   related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this
   data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose,
   the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link
   https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser
   add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and
   information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted
   to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is
   considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system
   of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed,
   then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable
   Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data
   subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of
   competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the
   reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.

   Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of
   Google may be retrieved under
   https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under
   http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is
   further explained under the following Link
   https://www.google.com/analytics/.

15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google
AdWords

   On this website, the controller has integrated Google AdWords. Google
   AdWords is a service for Internet advertising that allows the
   advertiser to place ads in Google search engine results and the Google
   advertising network. Google AdWords allows an advertiser to pre-define
   specific keywords with the help of which an ad on Google's search
   results only then displayed, when the user utilizes the search engine
   to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. In the Google Advertising
   Network, the ads are distributed on relevant web pages using an
   automatic algorithm, taking into account the previously defined
   keywords.

   The operating company of Google AdWords is Google Inc., 1600
   Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.

   The purpose of Google AdWords is the promotion of our website by the
   inclusion of relevant advertising on the websites of third parties and
   in the search engine results of the search engine Google and an
   insertion of third-party advertising on our website.

   If a data subject reaches our website via a Google ad, a conversion
   cookie is filed on the information technology system of the data
   subject through Google. The definition of cookies is explained above. A
   conversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to
   identify the data subject. If the cookie has not expired, the
   conversion cookie is used to check whether certain sub-pages, e.g, the
   shopping cart from an online shop system, were called up on our
   website. Through the conversion cookie, both Google and the controller
   can understand whether a person who reached an AdWords ad on our
   website generated sales, that is, executed or canceled a sale of goods.

   The data and information collected through the use of the conversion
   cookie is used by Google to create visit statistics for our website.
   These visit statistics are used in order to determine the total number
   of users who have been served through AdWords ads to ascertain the
   success or failure of each AdWords ad and to optimize our AdWords ads
   in the future. Neither our company nor other Google AdWords advertisers
   receive information from Google that could identify the data subject.

   The conversion cookie stores personal information, e.g. the Internet
   pages visited by the data subject. Each time we visit our Internet
   pages, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access
   used by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States
   of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United
   States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected
   through the technical procedure to third parties.

   The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by
   our website, as stated above, by means of a corresponding setting of
   the Internet browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of
   cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent
   Google from placing a conversion cookie on the information technology
   system of the data subject. In addition, a cookie set by Google AdWords
   may be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software
   programs.

   The data subject has a possibility of objecting to the interest based
   advertisement of Google. Therefore, the data subject must access from
   each of the browsers in use the link www.google.de/settings/ads and set
   the desired settings.

   Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of
   Google may be retrieved under
   https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.

16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of DoubleClick

   On this website, the controller has integrated components of
   DoubleClick by Google. DoubleClick is a trademark of Google, under
   which predominantly special online marketing solutions are marketed to
   advertising agencies and publishers.

   The operating company of DoubleClick by Google is Google Inc., 1600
   Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.

   DoubleClick by Google transmits data to the DoubleClick server with
   each impression, clicks, or other activity. Each of these data
   transfers triggers a cookie request to the data subject's browser. If
   the browser accepts this request, DoubleClick uses a cookie on the
   information technology system of the data subject. The definition of
   cookies is explained above. The purpose of the cookie is the
   optimization and display of advertising. The cookie is used, inter
   alia, to display and place user-relevant advertising as well as to
   create or improve reports on advertising campaigns. Furthermore, the
   cookie serves to avoid multiple display of the same advertisement.

   DoubleClick uses a cookie ID that is required to execute the technical
   process. For example, the cookie ID is required to display an
   advertisement in a browser. DoubleClick may also use the Cookie ID to
   record which advertisements have already been displayed in a browser in
   order to avoid duplications. It is also possible for DoubleClick to
   track conversions through the cookie ID. For instance, conversions are
   captured, when a user has previously been shown a DoubleClick
   advertising ad, and he or she subsequently makes a purchase on the
   advertiser's website using the same Internet browser.

   A cookie from DoubleClick does not contain any personal data. However,
   a DoubleClick cookie may contain additional campaign IDs. A campaign ID
   is used to identify campaigns that the user has already been in contact
   with.

   With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, which
   is operated by the controller and on which a DoubleClick component was
   integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system
   of the data subject is automatically prompted by the respective
   DoubleClick component to send data for the purpose of online
   advertising and billing of commissions to Google. During the course of
   this technical procedure, Google gains knowledge of any data that
   Google may use to create commission calculations. Google may, inter
   alia, understand that the data subject has clicked on certain links on
   our website.

   The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies
   through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment
   of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of
   cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also
   prevent Google from setting a cookie on the information technology
   system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by
   Google may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software
   programs.

   Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of
   DoubleClick may be retrieved under DoubleClick by Google
   https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/.

17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of HubSpot

   On this website, the controller has integrated components of HubSpot.
   HubSpot is a provider of a cloud-based marketing and sales software
   suite.

   The operating company of HubSpot is HubSpot, Inc. 25 First Street, 2nd
   Floor, Cambridge, MA 02141, United States.

   HubSpot places a cookie on the information technology system of the
   data subject. The cookie is used to store personal information, such as
   the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the
   frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit
   to our website, such personal data, including the IP address of the
   Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to
   HubSpot in the United States of America. These personal data are stored
   by HubSpot in the United States of America.

   The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies
   through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment
   of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of
   cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also
   prevent HubSpot from setting a cookie on the information technology
   system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by
   HubSpot may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software
   programs.

   HubSpot’s privacy policy, available at
   https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy, provide information about the
   collection, processing and use of personal data by HubSpot.

18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Cxense

   On this website, the controller has integrated Cxense Insight and DMP.
   The data subject may disable the use of Cxense on the controller’s
   website at any time by opting out here.

   The operating company is Cxense ASA, Karenslyst Allé 4, 0278 Oslo,
   Norway.

   Cxense Insight is a web analytics service. The definition of web
   analytics service is explained above. Cxense DMP is a data management
   platform. A data management platform is a system for collecting and
   analyzing large sets of data originating from various sources.The
   purpose of the use of Cxense Insight and DMP is to optimize the
   controller’s website and to understand and improve visitors’
   interaction with the website.

   Cxense places cookies on the computer system of the data subject. The
   definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of cookies,
   Cxense is enabled to analyze the use of the controller’s website. With
   each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, which is
   operated by the controller and into which the Cxense Insight script is
   integrated, the Internet browser on the computer of the data subject
   will automatically submit data through the Cxense Insight system for
   the purpose of traffic analysis by Cxense. During the course of this
   procedure, Cxense gains knowledge of personal information, such as the
   IP address of the data subject, which serves Cxense, inter alia, to
   understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create
   reports and analyses.

   The cookies function as a pseudonym for an otherwise unidentified data
   subject. They are used to correlate multiple independent website visits
   by the data subject, match them to a data subject’s device, and
   therefore constitute personal data. With each visit to the controller’s
   website, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet
   access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Cxense. These
   personal data are stored by Cxense in the EU, in the United States of
   America and/or in Japan.

   The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies
   through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment
   of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of
   cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also
   prevent Cxense Insight and DMP from setting a cookie on the computer of
   the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Cxense may be
   deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

19. Legal basis for the processing

   Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing
   operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing
   purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the
   performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the
   case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the
   supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is
   based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing
   operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual
   measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products
   or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which
   processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of
   tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In
   rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect
   the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person.
   This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our
   company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital
   information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other
   third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d
   GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1)
   lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which
   are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if
   processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests
   pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests
   are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of
   the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such
   processing operations are particularly permissible because they have
   been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered
   that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a
   client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

20. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party

   Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f
   GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of
   the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

21. Period for which the personal data will be stored

   The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data
   is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that
   period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is
   no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the
   initiation of a contract.

22. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement;
Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data
subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to
provide such data

   We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by
   law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual
   provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it
   may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides
   us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The
   data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data
   when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of
   the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the
   data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided
   by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee. The
   employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the
   personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the
   conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide
   the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal
   data.

This Privacy Policy has been generated with the Privacy Policy Generator of
the German Association for Data Protection.


     * column-1
          + Cxense Platform
          + Solutions
               o Media & Publishing
                    # Data Managment Platform
                    # Content Personalization
                    # Subscription Optimization
               o eCommerce & Retail
                    # Data Managment Platform
                    # Conversion Optimization
     * column-2
          + Our Clients
               o Case Studies
               o Partners
          + Blog
          + Help Center
     * column-3
          + Investors
               o Investor Overview
               o Financial Calendar
               o Reports and Presentations
               o Stock Exchange Notices
               o Share Information
               o Shareholders
               o Corporate Governance
     * column-4
          + About
               o Company
               o Cxense Team
               o Careers
               o Contact Us
               o [ socials ]

hamburger-en-gb

     * Group
          + Platform
               o Cxense Insight
               o Cxense DMP
          + Customer Stories
          + Solutions
               o Media & Publishing
                    # Understand The Anonymous Reader
                    # Increase engagement and loyalty
                    # Grow your audience with a DMP
                    # Increase subscription rates
               o eCommerce & Retail
                    # Shopping cart optimization
                    # Cross-device shopping experiences
                    # Understand the anonymous shopper
               o Marketing
                    # Boost Conversions
                    # Collect, segment, and activate data
          + Investors
               o Financial Calendar
               o Financial Reports
               o Stock Exchange Notices
               o Cxense Share Information
               o Cxense Shareholders
               o Corporate Governance
               o Cxense Board of Directors
     * About Us
          + Cxense Team
          + Work for Cxense
          + Contact Us
     * Our Partners

   Site map   |   Privacy   |   Master Subscription Terms   |   About   |
     Blog   |   © 2019 Cxense. All rights reserved.
   #cxense RSS

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KBZT52X

   Jump to navigation

   Voluntary offer from Piano

     * Cxense Platform
          + Cxense Insight
          + Cxense DMP
          + Cxense Content
          + Cxense Conversion Engine
     * Solutions
          + Media & Publishing
               o Data Management Platform
               o Content Personalization
               o Subscription Optimization
          + eCommerce & Retail
               o Data Management Platform
               o Conversion Optimization
     * Clients
          + Case Studies
          + Partners
     * About
          + Company
          + Investors
          + Careers
          + Contact Us
     * Blog
     * Help Center
     * Investors
     * Contact Us
     * Careers

     *
     *
     *

   Request demo

Search form

   Search _______________
   Search
     * Unlock the Power of Your Data
       Five Ways Publishers Can Reinvent Their Business Now
       Learn more >
     *

Cxense Conversion Engine
Grow Subscription Revenues with Personalized Customer Experiences
     *

Cxense DMP
Improve ROI for Your Advertisers and Yourself with Premium Audience Segments
     *

Cxense Intelligent Data Layer
Your Own Data Is Your Most Valuable Resource. We Enable You to Monetize It.

The Intelligent Data Layer for the Digital Age


Monetize
your data

   Make your 1st party data actionable and monetize it
   read more >

Drive
digital subscriptions

   Create personalized customer journeys that drive subscription revenues
   read more >

Predict
what users want

   Harness the power of AI to deliver the experiences that lead to
   conversion
   read more >

Work
with global experts

   Benefit from our know-how and accelerate your data-driven journey
   read more >

     * "Digital subscriptions will become more and more important for
       Mainichi and the dynamic paywall and personalization technology
       delivered by Cxense will play a significant role in our strategy"

       Takeo Iwasawa, Executive Officer, Digital Media Division, The
       Mainichi Newspapers
       Watch the video
     * "Because we had firsthand contact with the data scientists and
       developers at Cxense, we could really get an in-depth understanding
       of how to get value out of personalization. Working with Cxense has
       been an eye-opener."

       Jesper Johansen, Online Marketing Manager, NORDJYSKE Medier
       Read more
     * "The Cxense DMP is the glue that holds the DaviD alliance
       together."

       Pieter Jadoul, Business Strategy and Development Director, Pebble
       Media
       Read more
     * "We chose Cxense DMP as the data engine for NLProfiel because of
       their proven track record with other data alliances, their scalable
       and feature-rich platform, and their capabilities in data science
       and integrations."

       Wouter Hulst, Program Manager, NLProfiel
       Read more
     * "... Being able to personalize our users’ experiences will allow us
       to make the best use of SPH’s wealth of content and ensure that our
       readers get the news that matter most to them. We welcome this
       partnership with Cxense and look forward to leveraging their
       expertise to create better user journeys for our customers."

       Anthony Tan, Deputy CEO, Singapore Press Holdings
       Read more

Our Clients

     * The Wall Street Journal
     * The Mainichi Newspapers
     * Singapore Press Holding
     * NLProfiel
     * Vogue Poland
     * Aeon Group
     * Grupo Clarin
     * Mediacorp
     * ABC News
     * Pebble Media
     * BRAT
     * El Pais
     * Agderposten
     * Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)
     * Aeon Group
     * DaviD
     * ABS-CBN
     * Computec Media Group

Website & App Personalization

   Users don’t just want an engaging experience, they expect it. Every
   stage of your user’s online journey should feel positive. Happy users
   equal loyal users. It’s that simple.

   INCREASE ENGAGEMENT

Conversion & Optimization

   To improve conversion rates is to recognize an individual at each
   interaction and synchronize their intent across the entire marketing
   ecosystem.

   INCREASE CONVERSIONS AND REVENUE

Big Data and Insight

   We simplify data and help you aggregate, segment and act on it in
   real-time to deliver relevant content, products, and highly targeted
   advertising to drive conversions.

   PUT BIG DATA TO WORK

News & Resources

   News

Cxense is bringing their best to DMEXCO 2019

   LEARN MORE
   Product Updates

Paywall unlocked by Chrome update? How to lock it back up.

   LEARN MORE
   Article

Poor Funding Risks Damaging Journalism According to Latest Cxense Research

   LEARN MORE
   Webinar

Watch the Webinar: The Wall Street Journal - A Year of Personalization

   LEARN MORE

Our Global Team

   Our team of global experts has the know-how to accelerate your
   data-driven journey and help you turn your raw data into revenue.
   Learn more

     * column-1
          + Cxense Platform
          + Solutions
               o Media & Publishing
                    # Data Managment Platform
                    # Content Personalization
                    # Subscription Optimization
               o eCommerce & Retail
                    # Data Managment Platform
                    # Conversion Optimization
     * column-2
          + Our Clients
               o Case Studies
               o Partners
          + Blog
          + Help Center
     * column-3
          + Investors
               o Investor Overview
               o Financial Calendar
               o Reports and Presentations
               o Stock Exchange Notices
               o Share Information
               o Shareholders
               o Corporate Governance
     * column-4
          + About
               o Company
               o Cxense Team
               o Careers
               o Contact Us
               o [ socials ]

hamburger-en-gb

     * Group
          + Platform
               o Cxense Insight
               o Cxense DMP
          + Customer Stories
          + Solutions
               o Media & Publishing
                    # Understand The Anonymous Reader
                    # Increase engagement and loyalty
                    # Grow your audience with a DMP
                    # Increase subscription rates
               o eCommerce & Retail
                    # Shopping cart optimization
                    # Cross-device shopping experiences
                    # Understand the anonymous shopper
               o Marketing
                    # Boost Conversions
                    # Collect, segment, and activate data
          + Investors
               o Financial Calendar
               o Financial Reports
               o Stock Exchange Notices
               o Cxense Share Information
               o Cxense Shareholders
               o Corporate Governance
               o Cxense Board of Directors
     * About Us
          + Cxense Team
          + Work for Cxense
          + Contact Us
     * Our Partners

   Site map   |   Privacy   |   Master Subscription Terms   |   About   |
     Blog   |   © 2019 Cxense. All rights reserved.
