   Adtiming Logo
   Monetize Advertise
   Voice
   Resources
   Case Studies Press & Media
   Company
   About Careers Contact
   中文 Login Sign Up

     * Monetize
     * Advertise
     * Voice
     * Case Studies
     * Press & Media
     * About
     * Careers
     * Contact
     * Login
     * Sign Up
     * 中文

Privacy policy

   This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how AdTiming Technology
   Company Limited ("AdTiming Technology Company Limited", "we", "us" or
   "our") collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable
   information ("Personal Information") you ("User", "you" or "your") may
   provide on the adtiming.com website and any of its products or services
   (collectively, "Website" or "Services"), including through mobile
   applications using our SDK. It also describes the choices available to
   you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can
   access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the
   practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals
   that we do not employ or manage.

Collection of personal information

   We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when
   you create an account, as well as when you fill any online forms on the
   Website. When required, this information may include your email
   address, name, phone number, or other Personal Information. You can
   choose not to provide us with certain information, but certain features
   of the Website may not be accessible. Users who are uncertain about
   what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us.

   When you are using a mobile application that utilizes our mobile SDK,
   we also automatically collect information about your device such as the
   advertising ID, the model of your device, and your screen size.

   When you visit the Website, our servers automatically record
   information that your browser sends. This data may include information
   such as your device's IP address, browser type and version, operating
   system type and version, language preferences, the webpage you were
   visiting before you came to our Website, pages of our Website that you
   visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our
   Website, access times and dates, and other statistics.

Managing personal information

   You are able to access, add to, update and delete certain Personal
   Information about you. The information you can view, update, and delete
   may change as the Website or Services change. When you update
   information, however, we may maintain a copy of the original unrevised
   information in our records. Some information may remain in our private
   records after your deletion of such information from your account. We
   will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our
   legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may
   use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal
   Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that
   would identify you personally. Once the retention period expires,
   Personal Information shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access,
   the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data
   portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention
   period.

Use and processing of collected information

   Any of the information we collect from you may be used to improve
   customer service and respond to queries and emails of our customers;
   run and operate our Website and Services. Information collected via our
   mobile SDK is used for the purpose of delivering ads that we believe
   you may be interested in. Non-Personal Information collected is used
   only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical
   information regarding Website usage. This statistical information is
   not used in such a way that would identify any particular user of the
   system.

   We may process Personal Information related to you if one of the
   following applies:

   1. You have given consent for one or more specific purposes. Note that
   under some legislations we may be allowed to process information until
   you object to such processing (by opting out), without having to rely
   on consent or any other of the following legal bases below. This,
   however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal
   Information is subject to EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
   under the European Data Protection Law;

   2. Provision of information is necessary for the performance of an
   agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;

   3. Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to
   which you are subject;

   4. Processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public
   interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;

   5. Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests
   pursued by us or by a third party.

   In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that
   applies to the processing in your case, and in particular whether the
   provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement,
   or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.

Disclosure of collected information

   We share your information with third parties who provide services on
   our behalf to help with our business activities. These companies are
   authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to
   provide these services to us, pursuant to written instructions. In such
   cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security
   requirements and are not allowed to use PI they receive from us for any
   other purpose.

   We may share your information with business partners and other third
   parties in order to allow them to provide you with offers, promotions,
   or ads that we think you may enjoy. If you do not want us to share your
   personal information with these companies, please contact us using the
   information below.

International users

   If you are visiting our Website from the European Union or other
   regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that
   you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to various
   locations and processing globally. By providing your personal
   information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance
   with the Policy.

Information transfer and storage

   Depending on your location, data transfers may involve transferring and
   storing your information in a country other than your own. You are
   entitled to learn about the legal basis of information transfers to a
   country outside the European Union or to any international organization
   governed by public international law or set up by two or more
   countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by us
   to safeguard your information. If any such transfer takes place, you
   can find out more by inquiring with us using the information provided
   in the contact section.

The rights of users

   You may exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by
   us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have
   the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your
   consent to the processing of your information; (ii) you have the right
   to object to the processing of your information if the processing is
   carried out on a legal basis other than consent; (iii) you have the
   right to learn if information is being processed by us, obtain
   disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a
   copy of the information undergoing processing; (iv) you have the right
   to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated
   or corrected; (v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to
   restrict the processing of your information, in which case, we will not
   process your information for any purpose other than storing it; (vi)
   you have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure
   of your Personal Information from us; (vii) you have the right to
   receive your information in a structured, commonly used and machine
   readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to
   another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable
   provided that your information is processed by automated means and that
   the processing is based on your consent, on a contract which you are
   part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.

The right to object to processing

   Where Personal Information is processed for the public interest, in the
   exercise of an official authority vested in us or for the purposes of
   the legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such
   processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation
   to justify the objection. Should your Personal Information be processed
   for direct marketing purposes, you can object to that processing at any
   time without providing any justification.

How to exercise these rights

   Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the
   Owner(person who exercising power)through the contact details provided
   in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and
   will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within
   one month.

Privacy of children

   Our Website and Service, including our mobile SDK, are not directed to
   children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect any
   personal information from children under the age of 13. Please do not
   submit any Personal Information through our Website or Service if you
   are under the age of 13. We encourage parents and legal guardians to
   monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy
   by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information
   through our Website or Service. If you have reason to believe that a
   child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us
   through our Website or Service, please contact us, and we will delete
   that information immediately.

   If you are a developer using our SDK in a child-directed mobile
   application or you have actual knowledge that a user is under the age
   of 13, please notify us using the mechanisms provided through our
   platform or tools, or contact us using the information below.

Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising on Mobile Devices

   Mobile users can opt out of having their Mobile IDs used for certain
   types of interest-based mobile advertising, including those performed
   by AdTiming, by accessing the settings on Apple or Android mobile
   device, as follows:

   Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of most
   interest-based advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and
   enabling "Limit Ad Tracking."

   iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle
   "Limit Ad Tracking" to 'ON.'

   iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle
   "Limit Ad Tracking" to 'ON.'

   Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt out of most
   cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting
   the option to opt out of interest-based ads.

   Users also have the right to clean the Personal Data concerning them
   that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies
   this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we
   receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to
   provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an
   Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if
   you have an iOS device). AdTiming service team will also manually
   delete users' Personal Data, please contact us at privacy@adtiming.com
   for further instructions on exercising this right manually.

Newsletters

   We offer electronic newsletters to which you may voluntarily subscribe
   at any time. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or
   marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in
   these emails or by contacting us. However, you will continue to receive
   essential transaction-related emails.

Cookies

   The Website uses "cookies" to help personalize your online experience.
   A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page
   server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to
   your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be
   read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We
   may use cookies to collect, store, and track information for
   statistical purposes to operate our Website and Services. You have the
   ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically
   accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to
   decline cookies if you prefer. To learn more about cookies and how to
   manage them, visit internetcookies.org

   In addition to using cookies and related technologies as described
   above, we also may permit certain third-party companies to help us
   tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to
   collect and use other data about user activities on the Website. These
   companies may deliver ads that might also place cookies and otherwise
   track user behavior.

   If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your
   browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out
   preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements. Please note
   that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer
   be tailored to your interests.

   To opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in
   the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:

   1. Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page
   (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based
   "AppChoices" download page (https://youradchoices.com/appchoices).

   2. European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliiance (EDAA)'s consumer
   opt-out page (http://youronlinechoices.eu).

   3. Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page
   (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).

   In the mobile environment, most mobile operating systems offer
   device-based opt-out choices that are transmitted to companies
   providing interest-based advertising. To set an opt-out preference for
   a mobile device identifier (such as Apple's IDFA or Android's GAID),
   visit the device manufacturer's current choice instructions pages, or
   read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for your operating
   system here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.

   Please note that these settings must be performed on each device
   (including each web browser on each device) for which you wish to
   opt-out, and if you clear your cookies or if you use a different
   browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out preferences.

Do Not Track signals

   Some browsers incorporate a Do Not Track feature that signals to
   websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity
   tracked. Tracking is not the same as using or collecting information in
   connection with a website. For these purposes, tracking refers to
   collecting personally identifiable information from consumers who use
   or visit a website or online service as they move across different
   websites over time. Our Website does not track its visitors over time
   and across third party websites. However, some third party sites may
   keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content,
   which enables them to tailor what they present to you.

Links to other websites

   Our Website contains links to other websites that are not owned or
   controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the
   privacy practices of such other websites or third-parties. We encourage
   you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy
   statements of each and every website that may collect Personal
   Information.

Information security

   We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled,
   secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or
   disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and
   physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized
   access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in
   its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the
   Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we
   strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i)
   there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are
   beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any
   and all information and data exchanged between you and our Website
   cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be
   viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party, despite all best
   efforts.

Data breach

   In the event we become aware that the security of the Website has been
   compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to
   unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including,
   but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to
   take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to,
   investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation
   with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we
   will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we
   believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result
   of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do, we
   will post a notice on the Website and/or send you an email.

Legal disclosure

   We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required
   or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar
   legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is
   necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of
   others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. In the
   event we go through a business transition, such as a merger or
   acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its
   assets, your user account, and personal data will likely be among the
   assets transferred.

Changes and amendments

   We may update this Privacy Notice and the “last updated” date to
   reflect changes to our data governance practices. If we propose to make
   any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this
   page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to
   periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy
   practices. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this policy
   on the homepage of the Site,or we will send you an e-mail to the e-mail
   address that you may have provided us of such changes. The changes will
   be made within 7 days after the notification was provided. Continued
   use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent
   to such changes.

Acceptance of this policy

   You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its
   terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to
   be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of
   this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and
   its Services.

Contact Us

   If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us.
   privacy@adtiming.com
   This document was last updated on August 19, 2019.

   Room 1907, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong
   Kong

                                    Agree

   Questions? Ask us anything!
   Contact us
   Subscribe to our Newsletter:
   ____________________
   Subscribe

   AdTiming Logo Footer

   Data-Driven
   Mobile Marketing
   (BUTTON) ×

   Scan the QR and Follow us on WeChat!
   AdTiming Wechat QR Code

   Solutions
   Monetize Advertise

   Resources
   Case Studies Press & Media

   Voice
   Voice All Events Insights Culture

   Company
   About History Awards Careers Contact

   Partners
   PocketGamer TheDrum Morketing Beluga
   Sign Up Login

   AdTiming Icon Mark Button Returns to Top of the Page

   ©2019 All Rights Reserved. AdTiming
   Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy 简体中文
