   Skip to content
     * How it works
     * Before & after
     * Got clients?
     * Pricing
     * Support
     * Sign in
     * Try it FREE

   [ ]
     * How it works
     * Before & after
     * Got clients?
     * Pricing
     * Support
     * Sign in
     * Try Basecamp Free

Get it together and manage projects the right way.

   Before Basecamp: Projects feel scattered, things slip, it’s tough to
   see where things stand, and people are stressed. After Basecamp:
   Everything’s organized in one place, you’re on top of things, progress
   is clear, and a sense of calm sets in.
   Give Basecamp a Try 0,000 companies signed up in the last week alone!

   here's what a Basecamp project looks like

One place, not all over the place.

   Projects are a struggle when stuff's spread out across emails, file
   services, task managers, spreadsheets, chats, meetings, etc. Things get
   lost, you don’t know where to look for stuff, and people put the right
   information in the wrong place. Not good.

   But when it’s all together in Basecamp, you’ll see where everything is,
   understand what everyone’s working on, and know exactly where to put
   the next thing everyone needs to know about. This is the modern way –
   The Basecamp Way to Work.

   Basecamp is different – take a deeper look at how it works >

Companies change for the better when they work in Basecamp.

   Software development shops, design firms, freelancers, consultants,
   architects, agencies, media companies, schools, and non-profits around
   the world have switched to Basecamp to fundamentally improve their
   project workflow.

     “I’ve used Basecamp for a million projects over the last decade and
     a half. It's beautiful software that has resisted every wrong trend
     and stayed true to the things that mattered most. Highly
     recommended.”
     -Tobi Lütke, CEO, Shopify

     “We can see exactly what needs to be done and when. We're much more
     efficient.”
     -Tina Lannin, 121 Captions

     “We've had less confusion with task responsibilities and deadlines,
     which has increased productivity and efficiency.”
     -Dale Lavine, NASA

     “Accountability for tasks. No more ‘I thought so and so was
     responsible for that.’”
     -George Groves, Piehole.TV

     “We are all collaborating more on feedback, it helps to show
     accountability as well.”
     -Samantha Silberberg, Quartz

     “We don't need to spend as much time in meetings now that we use
     Basecamp.”
     -Brad Vandiviere, Faith Chapel Billings

     “Transparency and communication has increased.”
     -Joey Rosenberg, Women Who Code

     “Time management and productivity. Makes my job easier rather than
     having to constantly ask for progress updates.”
     -Kyle Jernigan, Crossroads Church

     “Greater collaboration and less Excel!”
     -Spencer Stevenson, 3M

     “Task completion! The lists and reminders help people remember what
     they said they were going to do and helps hold them accountable to
     the team.”
     -Scot Evans, University of Miami

   Hear from hundreds more customers about what's changed for the better
   since they made the switch to Basecamp >

   Have questions? Holler.
   Ready to get going? Engage:
   Give Basecamp a Try 0,000 companies signed up in the last week alone!

Welcome back to Basecamp.

   Sign in

   Close

   Basecamp apps: web, iOS, Android, Mac, and PC.
   More: our company, podcast, blog, books, newsletter.
   Keep in touch: email, Twitter.
   Fine print: policies & terms, uptime, system status.

   Copyright ©1999-2019 Basecamp. All rights reserved.
   Enjoy the rest of your day!
