   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PNCCDQ

     * Product
          + Why Klipfolio
            Find out why Klipfolio is the right business analytics tool
            for you
          + How It Works
            From data to visualization, here’s how Klipfolio works
          + Our Services
            Get help building your dashboard beyond Klipfolio's free
            support
          + Live Dashboard Examples
            80+ interactive dashboards for you to explore
     * Pricing
     * Integrations
     * Client Reporting
          + For Marketing Agencies
          + For Consultants and Advisors
          + For Financial Services
          + Software Developers and OEMs
          + Get Help from a Partner
     * About
          + About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Our Customers
     * Learn
          + Learn Hub
          + Blog
          + Help Center
          + Knowledge Base

     * Log In
     * (BUTTON) Get Started

   (BUTTON)

     * How it Works
     * Pricing
     * Integrations
     * Blog
     * Partners
     * Careers
     * Contact Us
     * Sign In

Top Rated Dashboard on Earth

   Klipfolio reviews
   (BUTTON) Schedule a Demo
   (BUTTON) Build My Dashboard
   Free for 14 days ● No credit card required
   Klipfolio business dashboard

Trusted by over 50,000 game changers and their teams

   Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software Customers

Drive decisions, change the game

   Our customers love Klipfolio because it brings focus, agility, and
   confidence to their work. It's for people who take action and get
   results. Sound like you? Let's get started.

Work with everything

   Pull your data together using out-of-the-box, hassle-free connectors
   for hundreds of data sources, including spreadsheets, files, databases,
   and web services applications.
   Browse the 100+ services you can connect to
   Your browser does not support the video tag.

Visual analytics at your fingertips

   Interact directly with your data using visual data discovery. Instantly
   spot trends and figure out how your business is performing. Compare
   this month to last month or the same period last year with a single
   click. Use filters, segments and automatic trend lines.
   Your browser does not support the video tag.

Custom data visualizations

   Drag-and-drop data visualizations from the palette to start assembling
   your custom dashboard. Choose from standard data visualizations like
   charts, bullet charts, and scatter plots. Or get creative and inject
   custom HTML into your dashboard. The choice is yours.
   Your browser does not support the video tag.

Applied actions

   Use context menus to apply common reporting actions like grouping,
   filtering, aggregating, and sorting.
   Your browser does not support the video tag.

Sophisticated formulas

   Do you want to go deeper with your data? We provide the tools you need
   to execute complex formulas to solve challenging data problems.
   Your browser does not support the video tag.

Trusted by thousands of game changers in over 80 countries

   Klipfolio Customer, A&W Restaurants

   "We love the visuals that Klipfolio adds to our data! Our marketing
   team is full of visual learners, and it makes it so much easier to
   digest the data we get from our consumer emails."

   Liz Bazner, Digital Manager, A&W Restaurants, Inc.

Ready to build your own dashboard?

Start building dashboards for your team and your clients.

   (BUTTON) Build My Dashboard
   Free for 14 days ● No Credit Card Required

Sharing

   Share your dashboards with your team and clients through multiple
   channels.

TV dashboard display

   Our customers love showing off their dashboards on wall-mounted TVs
   throughout the office. It’s a great way for executives to nurture a
   culture of data transparency and the team to see their performance at a
   glance. Plus, it looks super cool.
   Klipfolio Dashboard Example

Share reports via Slack, email snapshots, and links

   Send report Klips or entire dashboards via Slack, setup manual or
   recurring email snapshots, and share links to your live analytical
   insights.
   Klipfolio Email Snapshot Klipfolio Klip Freshboooks Expense

Client management

   Still sending spreadsheets to your clients? You’ll improve your service
   offerings and their business performance by instead giving them direct
   access to beautifully visualized live data tracking the progress of
   your engagement.

Client 1

   ✔ Executive Reporting Dashboard

   ✔ Web Metrics Dashboard

   ✔ Sales Performance Dashboard

   ✔ Accounts Health Dashboard

   ✔ Social Media Status Dashboard

Pre-built templates

   Need to get a dashboard or report up and running quickly? No problem.
   We offer 100s of pre-built content that can be configured in minutes.

Pre-built Klips

   Our Klip Gallery supports more than 400 individual metrics and
   visualizations. They’re easy and fun to add. Go ahead and add a few
   Klips to your dashboard to get a feel for the process.
   Visit the Klip Gallery
   Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard
   Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software Klipfolio - Business
   Dashboard Software
   Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard
   Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software Klipfolio - Business
   Dashboard Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software

Pre-built dashboards

   Our Dashboard Gallery supports more than a dozen pre-built dashboards.
   It’s the ideal place for getting a proof-of-concept dashboard quickly.
   Visit the Dashboard Gallery
   Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard
   Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software
   Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard
   Software Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software

Join the likes of

   Klipfolio - Business Dashboard Software Customers

   Here’s our promise: We’re here to help you at every step of the way.
   Building world-class dashboards may not always be easy, but it is worth
   it. We’ve got your back.

Get a dashboard demo

   Get a personalized demo of Klipfolio with one of our dashboard experts.
   Get a demo

Register for a workshop

   Join one of our live workshops to learn the ins and outs of building
   dashboards in Klipfolio.
   Join a webinar

Ready to build your own dashboard?

Start building dashboards for your team and your clients.

   (BUTTON) Build My Dashboard
   Free for 14 days ● No Credit Card Required

     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Press
     * Resources
     * Metric HQ
     * Sitemap

Solutions

     * By Department
     * By Industry
     * By Integration Mashup
     * By Use Case

Templates and Examples

     * Live Dashboard Examples
     * Dashboard Templates
     * Dashboard Examples
     * Klip Templates
     * KPI Examples

Partner With Us

     * Become a Klipfolio Partner
     * Become an Integration Partner
     * Partners Directory
     * Get Klipfolio Certified
     * White-Label Reporting

Award Winning Support

     * Community Forum
     * Videos
     * Webinars
     * Quick Tips
     * Developer Docs

   Available on: Klipfolio on App Store Klipfolio on Google Play
   Copyright © 2001 - 2019 Klipfolio Inc.
   All Rights Reserved.
     * Legal
     * Security
     * Accessibility
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PNCCDQ

     * Product
          + Why Klipfolio
            Find out why Klipfolio is the right business analytics tool
            for you
          + How It Works
            From data to visualization, here’s how Klipfolio works
          + Our Services
            Get help building your dashboard beyond Klipfolio's free
            support
          + Live Dashboard Examples
            80+ interactive dashboards for you to explore
     * Pricing
     * Integrations
     * Client Reporting
          + For Marketing Agencies
          + For Consultants and Advisors
          + For Financial Services
          + Software Developers and OEMs
          + Get Help from a Partner
     * About
          + About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Our Customers
     * Learn
          + Learn Hub
          + Blog
          + Help Center
          + Knowledge Base

     * Get a Demo
     * (BUTTON) Get Started

   (BUTTON)

     * Terms of Service
     * Privacy Statement
     * Klipfolio Data Processing Addendum
     * Solution Provider Partner Agreement
     * Security

     * How it Works
     * Pricing
     * Integrations
     * Blog
     * Partners
     * Careers
     * Contact Us
     * Sign In

KLIPFOLIO PRIVACY STATEMENT

   Effective Date: May 25,2018

   At Klipfolio Inc. (“Klipfolio”), your privacy is important to us. The
   purpose of this privacy statement is to let you know how we collect,
   use and disclose Personal Information, and to inform you of your rights
   with respect to such Personal Information. It is effective as of the
   Effective Date.

ABOUT KLIPFOLIO

   Klipfolio is an online service that enables its Customers to aggregate
   diverse data from multiple sources and quickly create a new, actionable
   perspective on their business (the “Service”). The Service integrates
   with hundreds of data sources ranging from social media platforms to
   enterprise management services.

APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY STATEMENT

   This Privacy Statement relates to “Personal Information”, meaning
   information about an identifiable individual, whether, for example,
   that individual is our Customer, or our Customer’s provisioned user or
   an individual whose information is part of Processed Data, as these
   terms are defined below. Whether a person is “identifiable” means that
   they can be identified by the information itself or by that information
   combined with other information reasonably available.

   This Privacy Statement applies to Personal Information collected or
   managed by Klipfolio through the use of the Service and our websites.
   This Privacy Statement is also intended to explain how we use
   information which is not identifiable (and thus not Personal
   Information) that is collected via our websites and the Service.

   “Customer” refers to the customers of Klipfolio and their provisioned
   users.

   “Customer Information” refers to information about our Customers and
   their provisioned users.

   “Processed Data” refers to information that is processed by Klipfolio
   on behalf of our Customers through their use of the Service.

   Klipfolio does not have a direct relationship with many of the
   individuals whose Personal Information is included in Processed Data,
   but this privacy statement is intended to provide information about how
   all Personal Information is collected, used, disclosed, processed and
   protected by Klipfolio.

CLASSIFICATION OF INFORMATION

   When the Service is used by our Customers, we classify the Personal
   Information we collect, use and disclose into two main categories: The
   first is Personal Information included in Customer Information, and the
   second is Personal Information that is included in Processed Data. It
   is important to note that not all Customer Information or Processed
   Data is Personal Information, either because it relates to a company or
   a business, or it is not identifiable.

PROCESSED DATA

   Klipfolio does not control what information a Customer chooses to
   include in Processed Data. Because we are unable to determine whether
   it is Personal Information or other information, we treat it as though
   it may be Personal Information but our Customers are entirely
   responsible for any Personal Information they choose to include in
   Processed Data. All Customers and their provisioned users should
   understand that data in Klipfolio can be exported, shared or displayed
   by a Customer or provisioned user. Customers and provisioned users are
   solely responsible for the use of such exported, shared or displayed
   data and for protecting it appropriately.

WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT

   From our Customers, we only collect Customer Information that is
   necessary to establish and maintain the provision of the Service to
   them, as well as to understand and improve the usage and performance of
   the Service. When our Customers are corporations, as opposed to
   individuals, this information is not “Personal Information”. This
   Customer Information includes:
     * Customer name
     * Contact information, including postal and email addresses
     * Billing address
     * Billing details (as necessary for our internal accounting purposes
       and for processing payments through our contracted processing
       service)
     * Login information for authorized users, such as usernames and
       encrypted passwords
     * Information about how the Customer and its authorized users use the
       Service, including information about the Customer, location
       information, usage patterns and intended use of the Service.
     * Information provided by the Customer and its authorized users in
       connection with any support given by the Klipfolio team related to
       the Service.
     * Login information for third party integrations to Klipfolio, such
       as usernames and encrypted passwords

   In connection with our marketing, sales and Customer support functions,
   we may collect publicly-available information about our Customers and
   provisioned users, which is used for the purposes set out in this
   Privacy Statement.

PURPOSES FOR COLLECTION

   As stated in more detail in our Terms of Service, Klipfolio does not
   use any identifiable Processed Data for its own purposes. Processed
   Data is only processed by Klipfolio on behalf of our Customers to
   provide them with the Service. Individual provisioned users whose
   Personal Information is contained in Processed Data should refer to the
   Customer’s privacy policy for an understanding of how Personal
   Information is collected, used, disclosed and otherwise processed by
   the Customer by use of the Service.

DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

   Klipfolio may share Personal Information with people within the company
   who have a “need to know” the information for business or legal
   reasons, for example, in order to carry out an administrative function,
   such as processing an invoice or supporting questions that you have
   submitted to Klipfolio. We may share Personal Information with third
   parties, including:
     * government and regulatory authorities, for example to respond to a
       legal request or comply with a legal obligation, in which case we
       will make reasonable efforts to give the relevant individual notice
       of the disclosure, provided we are able to identify the individual
       and are lawfully able to do so;
     * for the purposes of seeking legal or other professional advice;
     * suppliers of IT services and third service providers engaged by
       Klipfolio as further detailed in this Privacy Statement and our
       Terms of Service and
     * in the event that we sell, buy or merge any business or assets,
       including to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or
       assets and their respective professional advisers.

   We may also share anonymous or de-identified information with other
   third parties in connection with the purposes outlined in this Privacy
   Statement.

RIGHT OF ACCESS

   Pursuant to applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to
   your Personal Information, including a right of access. If your
   Personal Information is a part of our Customer’s Processed Data, you
   should seek this access from the relevant Customer. If we control the
   Personal Information, we may require additional information to confirm
   your identity, which will only be used for that purpose.

DATA LOCATION

   Unless a Customer is using a Custom Data Store and therefore storing
   their Processed Data on their site, Klipfolio uses Amazon Web Services
   to store and manage Customer Information and Processed Data in and from
   Canada and to back up Customer Information and Processed Data in
   Ireland. As indicated in the following section, Klipfolio uses service
   providers outside of Canada to store and manage the certain data and
   analytics associated with use of the Service.

INFORMATION COLLECTED VIA OUR WEBSITE AND OUR APPLICATION

   When you visit our websites, app.klipfolio.com and klipfolio.com, we
   may use cookies, pixel tags, analytics tools, and other similar
   technologies to help provide and improve our services to you, and as
   detailed below:
     * Cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the
       computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect
       information such as browser type, time spent on the website, pages
       visited, language preferences, and other web traffic data. We use
       the information for security purposes, to facilitate online
       navigation, to display information more effectively, to personalize
       your experience while using the website, and to otherwise analyze
       user activity. We can recognize your computer to assist your use of
       the website.
     * We also gather statistical information about the usage of the
       website and application in order to continually improve their
       design and functionality, understand how they are used, and assist
       us with resolving questions regarding the website and application.
       Cookies may further allow us to select which of our advertisements,
       features or offers are most likely to appeal to you and to display
       them to you. We may also use cookies in online advertising,
       features or offers to see how you interact with such
       advertisements, features or offers and we may use cookies or other
       files to understand your use of other websites.
     * If you do not want information to be collected through the use of
       cookies when using our website or application, there is a simple
       procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline
       cookies or gives you the choice of declining or accepting the
       transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from
       a particular site. You may also wish to refer to
       http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. However,
       if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some
       inconvenience in your use of the website or application. For
       example, we may not be able to recognize your computer, and you may
       need to log in every time you visit the website or application.
     * Pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known
       as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with our
       website to, among other things, track the actions of users of the
       website and other means of communication with you (including e-mail
       recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and
       compile statistics about usage of the website and response rates.
     * Analytics tools: We use website and application analytics services
       provided by third parties that use cookies, JavaScript and other
       similar technologies to collect information about website or
       application use, perform data enrichment and to report patterns or
       trends. The third parties that provide us with these services may
       also collect information about your use of third-party websites.
       These analytics providers may store this analytics data in the
       United States and other locations. Here is the list of analytics
       tools we use so that you may review their terms of service, some of
       which include instructions on how you may opt out of certain third
       party information collection practices. We will update this list as
       we change our analytics tools.

SAFEGUARDING PERSONAL INFORMATION

   We are required by law to safeguard the Personal Information in our
   custody or control. We use industry standard measures to protect
   Personal Information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized
   access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. We protect Personal
   Information regardless of the format in which it is held.

   Our methods of protection include: (a) physical measures, such as
   restricted physical access to the systems delivering our Service; (b)
   organizational measures, including employee training and limiting
   access on a “need-to-know” basis; and, (c) technological measures,
   including the use of passwords and encryption. You can find out more
   about our security practices at
   https://www.klipfolio.com/legal/security.

   We use service providers, including our data hosting provider, to
   facilitate providing the Service. We use contractual means to make sure
   that our service providers only deal with Personal Information on our
   behalf to provide the Service and not for any other purposes. We also
   undertake diligence to satisfy ourselves that our service providers
   will implement adequate safeguards to protect Personal Information.

   If we have reason to believe that there has been a breach of security
   safeguards that has resulted in the inappropriate loss or disclosure of
   Personal Information, we will take reasonable measures to notify the
   affected Customers, as applicable, promptly and with sufficient detail
   to enable them to evaluate the breach and understand the likely
   consequences.

REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT

   Klipfolio may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. If it is
   updated, the effective date of the revision will be shown at the top of
   the Privacy Statement. In the event of a significant revision,
   Customers may receive notification by email or through the Service
   itself. All Personal Information collected after that revision date
   will be subject to the revised Privacy Statement.

ANONYMOUS INFORMATION

   As stated in more detail in our Terms of Service, Klipfolio may use
   de-identified and/or aggregate information derived from Personal
   Information, for any purposes, including:
     * Analytics to understand how our Customers and, their authorized
       users make use of the Service and our website and to make targeted
       offerings of certain Services to our Customers and authorized
       users;
     * Information used to determine how to make improvements to the
       Service and to develop new features, capabilities and ways of
       presenting data; and
     * For commercial purposes, either for Klipfolio or for others.

   We will take industry standard steps so that this de-identified and/or
   aggregate information cannot be connected to any particular individual.

EU PERSONAL INFORMATION

   This section shall apply only in respect of Personal Information
   relating to individuals located in the EU (“EU Personal Information”).

   For the purposes of applicable EU data protection and privacy laws,
   Klipfolio, with its registered offices at 300-111 Albert St., Ottawa ON
   K1P 1A5, Canada is considered the Data Controller in respect of all EU
   Personal Information that it collects, uses and otherwise processes for
   its own purposes as set out in this Privacy Statement.

   If you are a Customer, website user or other individual with whom we
   communicate and / or do business and you are located in the EU, you
   should read this Privacy Statement in full and particularly this
   section, before you provide us with any Personal Information or browse
   our website, and make sure that you are comfortable with our privacy
   practices.

   Please note that for the purposes of EU data protection and privacy
   laws, personally identifiable information collected in a business
   context (for example an individual’s business email address or job
   title) will be Personal Information. All provisions in this Privacy
   Statement relating to Personal Information will therefore apply to
   Customer Information, to the extent that this is considered to contain
   Personal Information under EU laws.

PURPOSE OF PROCESSING

   The purposes for which we process EU Personal Information are as set
   out in this Privacy Statement. In most cases, we will be processing EU
   Personal Information on behalf of a Customer as a Data Processor, but
   in certain circumstances we will process EU Personal Information as a
   Data Controller, including for the purposes of communicating with you,
   administering your account and for carrying out data analytics and
   enrichment.

LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING

   In accordance with the purposes for which we collect and use EU
   Personal Information, as set out above, the legal basis for Klipfolio
   processing EU Personal Information will typically be one of the
   following:
     * your consent;
     * the performance of a contract that we have in place with you or
       other individuals;
     * Klipfolio or our third parties’ legitimate business interests; or
     * compliance with our legal obligations.

SHARING OF EU PERSONAL INFORMATION

   Klipfolio may share EU Personal Information with people within the
   company who have a “need to know” the information for business or legal
   reasons, for example, in order to carry out an administrative function,
   such as processing an invoice or to direct a question that you have
   submitted to the relevant department at Klipfolio.

   We may share EU Personal Information with third parties, including:
     * government and regulatory authorities, for example to respond to a
       legal request or comply with a legal obligation, in which case we
       will make reasonable efforts to give the relevant individual notice
       of the disclosure, provided we are able to identify the individual
       and are lawfully able to do so;
     * for the purposes of seeking legal or other professional advice;
     * suppliers of IT services and third service providers engaged by
       Klipfolio as further detailed earlier in this Privacy Statement and
       our Terms of Service; and
     * in the event that we sell, buy or merge any business or assets,
       including to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or
       assets and their respective professional advisers.

   We may also share anonymous or de-identified information with other
   third parties in connection with the purposes outlined in this Privacy
   Statement.

INFORMATION TRANSFERS

   In order to provide the Service and our website and as further detailed
   in the ‘Data Location’ section above, any EU Personal Information that
   we obtain may be transferred to and stored in a country outside the
   EEA, including Canada. This may include transferring EU Personal
   Information to countries where the law provides less protection for
   Personal Information. If we transfer EU Personal Information to a
   country outside of the EEA, we will, as required by applicable law,
   ensure that your privacy rights are protected by appropriate
   safeguards. Please contact us if you would like more information about
   these safeguards.

GLOSSARY

   For the purposes of this section relating to EU Personal Information,
   the following terms will have the following meanings:

   “Data Controller” an entity which determines the purposes and means of
   the processing of Personal Information.

   “Data Processor” an entity which processes Personal Information on
   behalf of a Data Controller.

   “EEA” European Economic Area.

   “process” any operation that can be performed on Personal Information,
   including collecting it, storing it, accessing it, combining it with
   other data, sharing it with a third party, and deleting it.

   If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, or
   if you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact our
   privacy officer at privacy@klipfolio.com.

     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Press
     * Resources
     * Metric HQ
     * Sitemap

Solutions

     * By Department
     * By Industry
     * By Integration Mashup
     * By Use Case

Templates and Examples

     * Live Dashboard Examples
     * Dashboard Templates
     * Dashboard Examples
     * Klip Templates
     * KPI Examples

Partner With Us

     * Become a Klipfolio Partner
     * Become an Integration Partner
     * Partners Directory
     * Get Klipfolio Certified
     * White-Label Reporting

Award Winning Support

     * Community Forum
     * Videos
     * Webinars
     * Quick Tips
     * Developer Docs

   Available on: Klipfolio on App Store Klipfolio on Google Play
   Copyright © 2001 - 2019 Klipfolio Inc.
   All Rights Reserved.
     * Legal
     * Security
     * Accessibility
