   #next LindsayBraman.com » Feed LindsayBraman.com » Comments Feed

   Skip to content

   LindsayBraman.com

LindsayBraman.com

   doodle tutorials, bujo printables, and gradshool sketchnotes

LindsayBraman.com

   (BUTTON)
     * Free Printables
     * Contact
          + Artist Coaching
          + Hire Lindsay
          + Contact
     * My Favorite Supplies
     * Store
     * Get Email Updates

   (BUTTON)
   ____________________ (BUTTON)

Hire Me

My Favorite Supplies

Printables

   illustrated image showing two women

Intergenerational Trauma – Doodle and Questionnaire

   If you aren’t naming and breaking the cycles that have entangled you,
   you are participating in them. It’s true in most systems we are part
   of, but especially in families. Researchers call it inter-generational
   trauma and have shown that the trauma of a parent is literally passed
   genetically to offspring (this Simple Wikipedia article on…

   Balancing stress and support to avoid burnout - doodle by lindsay
   braman

The Voice of Burnout is Not YOUR Voice – A Sketchnote on Burnout

   The voice of burnout is not YOUR voice. Burnout will say you aren’t cut
   out for it, that you don’t enjoy it, that you aren’t good at it. Don’t
   make career decisions while you are burned out. Switch employers, cut
   down hours, get a side gig selling slotted spoons on eBay, do what you
   gotta…

Personhood Podcast: Anxiety

   Some humans I know made a pretty cool podcast, and I made a doodle of
   episode #5! If you are interested in psychology and exploring what it
   means to be human- and enjoy both with a lot of giggling and a smidge
   of profanity, check out  Personhood on Apple Podcasts or
   @thisispersonhood I’m three and…

Doodle: Can we Trust our Bodies? Internal vs External Authority

   Taking care of a body can be really confusing. As more and more data
   and tech are available to us, it’s so tempting to consume and compare-
   but trusting trackers, food logs, and external body ideals can actually
   erode trust in our own body and in the signals it gives us. When we
   wait to…

   A digital artist's Side by side comparison review of drawing on a
   Surface Pro 4 vs the 2018 11in iPad Pro and Second Generation Apple
   Pencil

Side by Side Comparison of Digital Drawing on the Surface Pro vs the iPad Pro
2018

   For about a year, I’ve been trying to take my art digital, and learn to
   create digital illustrations via a drawing app on a tablet. Initially,
   I purchased and learned on a Surface Pro 4 using an app called
   Sketchable.  Through my trial and error learning, I even created a post
   of tips and tricks for drawing…

How to Respond to Self Harm – A Printable Resource for Parents, Teachers, and
Friends

     Research shows that 15-20% of teens self harm. Brain scans of teens
   who cut or self-harm are likely to show early structural changes in the
   brain that are correlated to mental health disorders in adults.
   Thankfully teenage brains are resilient, and with early intervention,
   attention, and care many can recover completely. Historically, Self
   harm…

   Study Tips from Psychology Researchers

How to Study – A Sketchnote on 5 New Research Backed Study Techniques

   When it comes to studying, most of us probably think we’ve got it down,
   but modern research is challenging some of the longest-held beliefs
   about studying. In some cases, these researchers report,
   counterintuitive study methods work better than traditional study
   methods. In this sketchnote review, I’ll doodle a few of the top study
   methods. A…

   tips for drawing digitally with a Surface Pro

4 Tips for Digital Drawing and Illustration on a Surface Pro 4 and 6

   As an artist accustomed to trying and sketching on paper, adapting to a
   digital format has been a challenge. Though a good fit for my lifestyle
   because it is also my primary computer, the Surface Pro 4 (and later
   Surface Pro 6) initially proved a bit of a disadvantage in a market
   saturated with apps…

Listening Well: On Being Impacted by Others (Sketchnote)

   I’ve noticed a recent trend in culture towards the co-opting of
   mindfulness for the for-profit beast of the “wellness” industry. Social
   media and advertising increasingly paint the picture of mental wellness
   (particularly for women) as an idealized version of ourselves that
   stays neutral, calm, and unrattled by the loud emotional experiences
   around us (with, of…

Tips for Connecting with Teens as a Helping Professional

     In response to often being lectured at instead of listened to,
   struggling teens may use apathy and resistance to gain a sense of
   empowerment. While we adults usually labels these as “problem”
   behaviors,  they aren’t necessarily a bad thing! Resistance through
   either defiance (overt resistance) or apathy (subversive resistance) is
   actually one way a…

Patreon Bootcamp – Sketchnotes on Building Support for Creative
Sustainability

   I got to go to a Patreon Bootcamp in Seattle this week, where I was
   really inspired to help my fans and followers know about all the things
   I am imagining creating, and inviting you along on the journey to
   making them happen. My Patreon patrons are making it possible for me to
   imagine how…

Dogsitting Illustrated

   My favorite part of dogsitting is getting to know the pup well enough
   to capture their personality in a doodle. I’ve always been a dog lover,
   but when I downsized and moved to Seattle and a 12′ x 17′ studio
   apartment, I had to leave my dog behind (with friends who had lots of
   space…

Sketchnote: Starting Points for Counselors Conducting a First Session

   This one’s for all the interns starting this month. My
   internship-assigned mentor gave me a bulleted list of things that HAVE
   to get discussed in a first therapy session (left side of the page),
   and some talking points to bring up if the conversation is difficult to
   keep flowing (right side of the page). Naturally,…

Sketchnotes: Healthy Adults are Independent *and* Dependent

   Healthy adults are independent AND dependent. Most of us have anxiety
   as we shift between what we fear is dependency on one side and
   isolation on the other. Health isn’t overcoming the temptation towards
   either, but instead it’s learning to thrive in the tension between
   them. This week I have had several conversations around loneliness…

   How to Get to Sleep Flow Chart - LindsayBraman.com

First Peek at my Latest Project

   Hey everyone, I’m excited to show you an early and very rough first
   draft of the new project that I’m working on- and share with you how
   you can get your hands on a copy before anyone else! It’s a project
   sort of working with the popularity of bullet journaling, adult
   coloring books, and graphic…

Sketchnote: Genogram Symbol Key

   When I took the class on family therapy in grad school, I fell in love
   with the visual language of genograms. Since making this genogram chart
   at the start of that course, it has been one of my most shared sketch
   notes across multiple platforms. Scroll to the bottom of this post to
   purchase a…

   S study hack for writing academic research paper in less time

My Quick and Dirty Hack for Writing an Academic Research Paper

   Research papers are one of the most time-consuming parts of school.
   When I went back to school after 10 years as an entrepreneur, both my
   time and my patience for agonizing through writing research papers was
   limited. Since I’ve been back in school, I’ve developed a method /
   “hack,” inspired by the creativity and necessity…
     * « Previous Page
     *

Choose a Topic

     * Art (7)
     * Art Therapy (5)
     * Body Positive in a #DietCulture World (1)
     * Bullet Journal Layouts (7)
     * Doodle Notes & Bullet Journals (25)
     * Graphic Recording (3)
     * Mind Mapping (2)
     * My Course Notes (19)
     * Printable (9)
     * Private Content (16)
     * Studyblr (10)
     * Travel Art Journal (2)
     * Tutorial (10)
     * Uncategorized (4)

Instagram Feed

   Something is wrong.
   Instagram token error.

Top Posts & Pages

     * Side by Side Comparison of Digital Drawing on the Surface Pro vs
       the iPad Pro 2018
     * 4 Tips for Digital Drawing and Illustration on a Surface Pro 4 and
       6
     * Bullet Journal Mental Health Trigger Tracker - Minimalist Layout
     * Sketchnote: Genogram Symbol Key
     * Bullet Journal Mental Health Layout: Tracking Triggers
     * Printables
     * My Travel Art Journal Kit
     * How to Draw Antler Laurels in 4 Easy Steps
     * Family Systems Therapy Notes - March 2018
     * Graduate Course Notes – Psychopathology – Wk 7 - Depression

   Lindsayanne

Lindsayanne

   Raised as a feral child in the 1980's craft-show scene, I love all
   things art and DIY. In 2015 I transitioned from a career in retail/tech
   to full time grad school- accidentally becoming an illustrator, writer,
   and sometimes speaker somewhere along the way.

   View Full Profile →

   CAPTION: October 2019

   M  T  W  T  F  S  S
   « Aug
      1  2  3  4  5  6
   7  8  9  10 11 12 13
   14 15 16 17 18 19 20
   21 22 23 24 25 26 27
   28 29 30 31

Affiliate Link Disclosure

   To support this site, I participate in the Amazon Services LLC
   Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to
   provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and
   linking to products on Amazon.

Recent Favorites

     * Side by Side Comparison of Digital Drawing on the Surface Pro vs
       the iPad Pro 2018
       Side by Side Comparison of Digital Drawing on the Surface Pro vs
       the iPad Pro 2018
     * 4 Tips for Digital Drawing and Illustration on a Surface Pro 4 and
       6
       4 Tips for Digital Drawing and Illustration on a Surface Pro 4 and
       6
     * Bullet Journal Mental Health Trigger Tracker - Minimalist Layout
       Bullet Journal Mental Health Trigger Tracker - Minimalist Layout
     * Sketchnote: Genogram Symbol Key
       Sketchnote: Genogram Symbol Key
     * Bullet Journal Mental Health Layout: Tracking Triggers
       Bullet Journal Mental Health Layout: Tracking Triggers
     * Printables
       Printables

   © 2019 LindsayBraman.com | Designed by: Theme Freesia | Powered by:
   WordPress
   (BUTTON)
