   #Addington Green Team - Atom Addington Green Team - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar

Addington Green Team

   Welcome to our Green Team blog.

Pages

     * Home
     * Recipes

Thursday, December 15, 2011

Spud in a Bucket Results

   Yesterday was weigh-in day and of the 80 buckets sold, 41 were returned
   for the judging!
   Overall the plants looked small, and this may well have accounted for
   the less than expected turn out, however the proof would be in what lay
   beneath!
   The Green team leaders from Room 10, Hanna, Sean and Amber, weighed and
   counted potatoes from each bucket.
   The competition was close, however the following two entries each won a
   family meal (leg of lamb, spring carrots, cauliflower and/or
   chocolates) to go with their potaoes:
   Heaviest Crop -Chris North (Ngaire's Dad Room 7)
   Most Potatoes- Serena Boeyen-Stowers Room 9
   Chocolates went to the following winners:
   Orana Park Award(Potatoes Look Like Animals) Mrs Holland
   Potato Most Resembling a Bottom (this replaced the Most Romantic
   category as there were no entries!)-Daniel Hawkey D'aeth Room 7
   The Best Decorated Bucket (As judged by Mr Wood!)- Shiann Scobie Room 8
   Congratulations to all the winners and thank you to all those who had a
   go!
   A huge thank you to Bunnings who had supplied us with the seed potatoes
   and buckets and therefore allowed us to spend up on the prizes! Rose
   and Penny met up with our winners and also had some Bill and Bruce
   Bunning's teddys for those who entered.
   Next year we intend to start earlier and will be quizzing Chris and
   Serena on their secrets!
   Posted by Addington Green Team at 12:15 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Thursday, November 24, 2011

Official Opening of the Addington Potting Shed

   On Tuesday the Green Team officially opened the freshly built potting
   shed. Designed and built by our lovely caretaker Vic Phillips with the
   help of Michael, Jakaia, Souvichea, Josh, Daniel and Seamus, the shed
   will be used to sow, and plant out material for around the school.
   Ms Heath formally cut the ribbon with secateurs and we tried to fit as
   many Green team members as possible, into the shed! Thank you Vic and
   team for all your hard work. Time to get sowing!
   Posted by Addington Green Team at 2:10 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Greening Spaces

   Last week the children of Addington school, staff and friends of the
   school planted out 250 flowering plants, and sprinkled wildflower seeds
   on part of an empty site on Selwyn St. The row of shops had all been
   removed after damage during the earthquakes. With the land owners
   permission and as part of Greening Spaces, the children had spread
   compost the previous day and then were able to walk down from school
   class by class to each put in a plant. A path was put in to allow
   access to the road crossing, and the children used the rubble on the
   site to mark out the garden area. The children had a ball and were very
   enthusiastic planters! Everyone got stuck in. Passersby would stop and
   add their encouragement, some were reduced to tears, they were so happy
   to see the children working at making a difference. Many cars waved and
   tooted their encouragement. It was a very special day. If you get a
   chance, go past to have a look at this piece of magic!
   Greening Spaces is an organisation that allows schools in Christchurch
   to bring colour to sites in their neighbourhood. Andrew Drummond is the
   coordinator and with the help of Meadow Mushrooms, Frews Transport, and
   the people of Ashburton, has been able to work with schools on several
   sites around the city. The flowering plants for the Selwyn St site are
   from the same people as the hanging baskets in the new Pop Up Mall in
   town and look fantastic!
   Posted by Addington Green Team at 1:53 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Monday, September 19, 2011

University Team Adds to the Green Team

   A new raised vegetable bed and four fruit trees have magically appeared
   in our gardens over the last few weeks! This was the work of Mark
   Meaclem and fellow students from the University of Canterbury
   Management department. Mark and his team, Dave, Jarrod, Dea, and John
   are doing a paper called Principles of Leadership and as part of the
   course, have to design a community project. They chose Addington school
   and expanding our garden area as their project. The team had a budget
   and sourced some of their materials from Oderings Nursery.
   On Friday afternoons, the team have come in and worked with our
   children planning, building the bed, and planting trees. Last Friday,
   Mark, his team, and the Green Team planted out the new bed with
   potatoes, and weeded and put onions, cabbage and spinach in the
   existing beds. It was a great team effort. A concrete pad was prepared
   and the children left their hand prints and initials there for future
   generations to look at!
   A huge thank you to Mark, Dave, Jarrod, Dea, John for the wonderful
   work they have done! The beds and fruit trees look amazing and have
   added a wonderful new dimension to our garden area. The children
   thoroughly enjoyed working with you, and especially learning the
   carpentry and concrete making skills. Thank you for your patience!!!
   Watched concrete never sets!!!
   Posted by Addington Green Team at 10:17 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Thursday, September 15, 2011

Potatoes in a Bucket Competition

   In an effort to raise more money for our native garden and specifically
   raise funds to build a concrete path to allow access into the garden
   for all our children, we are running a potato in a bucket competition!
   Entries for this have now closed and with almost 80 buckets ordered the
   competition is going to be hot! It would seem that many inter and intra
   family competitions are also underway, and there have been hushed
   potato growing conversations in some corners of the staff room!
   A huge thank you to our friends Rose and Penny and the team at Bunnings
   Riccarton who have kindly donated not only the buckets, but also all
   the Jersey Benne seed potatoes!! Fantastic ! Thank you Bunnings
   Riccarton!
   As some of the teachers have ordered a bucket for their classroom, we
   will be able to follow the growing progress of a plant on this blog.
   Posted by Addington Green Team at 12:12 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Friday, September 2, 2011

Native Planting Underway

   Today four children from Room 7 planted out 10 of the first trees to go
   into our new native garden. Seamus, Miracle, Serenity and Josh dug the
   holes and planted out the totara trees. The trees will form a boundary
   hedge down one end of the garden. During their digging they discovered
   treasures including old bits of pathway, ‘prehistoric’ tree roots, and
   an eraser that must be ‘from children that went to school 50 years ago.
   Was Ms Heath here then?”. Great fun! A huge thank you to the
   Christchurch City Council who donated the Trees for Canterbury(TFC)
   voucher that enabled us to get the first of our many plants.

   As well as the totara, we were able to buy 5 matai, and then TFC
   donated 15 lancewood seedlings. We hope to plant these out soon once
   the planting plan is finalised. It is all very exciting!

   Posted by Addington Green Team at 2:13 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Tuesday, August 23, 2011

Worm Farms Underway and Future Kowhai Forest Sown!

   Yahhh! We have finally achieved one of our goals set last year and with
   the help of Rose, Grant, Errol (and Carlin the Seeing-Eye-Dog) from
   Bunnings, we have our worm farm, and another one, all set up and in
   place.

   On the Wednesday afternoon, before the snow, Rose and her team, taught
   the Green Team leaders how to put together the layers of a worm farm,
   using coconut fibre, then the worms, and then the damp shredded
   newspaper. Grant demonstrated the layering process, while Errol
   explained the purpose of each step.
   On the Friday we added the first small handful of food scraps.
   The children learnt that some scraps such as orange peels, bread, meat
   and dairy can not be added. Some foods take a long time to break down
   and may start to mould off and smell bad! (We don’t want that as both
   farms are wintering in a work room!!!!)
   Bunnings very kindly donated a worm farm box, two bags of worms, and
   some coconut fibre to get us started.
   So its all go!!!
   The next project was the sowing of kowhai seeds! The children filled
   yoghurt pottles with seed raising mix and planted their seed. The
   pottles will sit in their classrooms and should germinate in the next
   few weeks. We will then have a lovely kowhai forest to plant out next
   year, once the plants are big enough!! That mass of yellow is going to
   look fantastic!

   Thank you again to Bunnings for donating the seeds and mix to get this
   started, and for allowing Rose, Grant and Errol to spend the time with
   us. We really appreciate the wonderful contribution you are making to
   our school environment, and our sustainability goals.
   Posted by Addington Green Team at 2:26 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Green Team Scrapbook

   [EMBED]

   [pt.gif] [pt2.gif]
   Powered By Blogger

About the Green Team

   In the beginning….

   The Green Team began at Addington School during 2008, with the aim of
   reducing waste throughout the school. The initial focus was on
   recycling of paper waste within each classroom.

   Over the past two years, the Green Team has taken on the collection of
   materials for the compost, and the creation of four busy compost heaps.
   In addition three large raised vegetable beds have been built, filled
   with soil and our own compost, and produced a delightful supply of
   fresh vegetable treats for Green team members, and the whole school (eg
   Radish-o-Rama ( See Addington Article for some of those fun harvests)

   We have developed a special friendship with the Strickland St Gardens
   who regularly come and help us out with advice, and who host us at
   their gardens for special demonstrations and celebrations.

   The Green team also raised seedlings for the Addington Fair, donated
   Christmas potatoes to the City Mission, and to the Strickland St
   Gardens.

   The excitement and passion of the children on the Green Team has so far
   driven the direction and projects taken on by this group. The group
   itself has grown in size over the past year, with more and more
   children wanting to be involved in activities.

   Officially there are two representatives from each class to take on the
   compost and recycling collection, and then further members who
   participate during various activities. At last count, over one third of
   the children at school actively participate in the Green team over the
   course of a month. Involvement includes weeding (Rose or Vegetable
   gardens), sowing seeds, planting vegetables and flowers, Autumn leaf
   collection, walnut collection, compost collection, compost heap
   maintenance and turning, and harvest!!

   Cooking our produce has been an unexpected spin off, with children
   trying their hand at preparing various dishes and sauces, using our own
   produce. We intend to add a recipe page to our blog.
   The future….

   Completing the vegetable garden mural (on Mr Sinclair’s caretaker shed)
   is high on our list for this year, however bad weather has slowed the
   process. The children have a design which is creeping its way across
   the wall, during fine Friday afternoons.

   The Green Team have plans to make the Vegetable Garden area another
   learning space, complete with seating and fruit trees. This way
   children can watch and participate in a complete growing season. Lots
   of opportunities to initiate learning.

   Other plans include further development of the Rose garden, areas
   around each classroom, and the office block.

   We are keen to further develop our composting collection (foodscraps)
   with more detailed data on volumes collected, and volumes of compost
   made. Lots of ways to incorporate “measurement”!

   The worm farm is also waiting in the wings, ready to be set up and
   maintained.

   We have heaps to do……… so its time to get cracking!!

New Zealand Blogger

   [3472401665_8757b1fa43_m.jpg]

Potato Havest

   Potato Havest

About Me

   Addington Green Team

   View my complete profile

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2011 (17)
          + ▼  December (1)
               o Spud in a Bucket Results
          + ►  November (2)
          + ►  September (3)
          + ►  August (2)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  June (3)
          + ►  April (1)
          + ►  March (3)
          + ►  February (1)

     * ►  2010 (16)
          + ►  December (2)
          + ►  November (3)
          + ►  October (8)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  May (1)

Green Team Mural

   Green Team Mural

Our Visitors From Around the World

   Locations of visitors to this page

Total Pageviews

NZ Forest and Bird

   Check out these cool backyard projects on the New Zealand Forest and
   Bird Site

Favourite Links

     * Addington Article
     * ADDINGTON ESOL
     * New Zealand Forest and Bird
     * Strickland Street Gardens

Followers

Visit to Strickland Street Gardens

   Visit to Strickland Street Gardens
   [EMBED]

   [get_bling_button.gif]
