   [header.png]
   a port of the Processing Visualization Language
     * home
     * download
     * reference
     * exhibition
     * learning
     * articles
     * community
     * blog

   view source
   [virion.png] Virion

   by Jonah Kagan, Varun Singh, Jonathan Koh, Charis Loke
   [fizz-processingjs.png] Fizz

   by Bloom
   [letters.jpg] Letter-pairs Analysis

   by Martin Ignacio Bereciartua

Processing.js 1.4.8 released!

   It's been a few weeks and PRocessing.js got a few PRs merge in, so it's
   time for a new release: say hello to 1.4.8! This version has some fixes
   to PVector's rotate, support for randomGaussian(), and several unit
   tests to make sure those fixes pass muster. You can download the new
   version of Processing.js over on the download section, and let us know
   what's still missing!

Want to help out?

   We're also happy to get help in the form of pull requests to add
   functionality to Pjs, or to simply fix small errors that were found.
   You don't have to be a code wizard to contribute: if you simply know of
   a function or a constant that's missing, feel free to fork the code,
   patch what you think needs patching, and file a Pull Request so that we
   can merge your improvement in! Don't know where to start? Drop into our
   IRC channel, #processingjs on irc.mozilla.org, and we'll be happy to
   help you get the most out improving Processing.js!

About Processing.js

   Processing.js is the sister project of the popular Processing visual
   programming language, designed for the web. Processing.js makes your
   data visualizations, digital art, interactive animations, educational
   graphs, video games, etc. work using web standards and without any
   plug-ins. You write code using the Processing language, include it in
   your web page, and Processing.js does the rest. It's not magic, but
   almost.

   Originally developed by Ben Fry and Casey Reas, Processing started as
   an open source programming language based on Java to help the
   electronic arts and visual design communities learn the basics of
   computer programming in a visual context. Processing.js takes this to
   the next level, allowing Processing code to be run by any HTML5
   compatible browser, including current versions of Firefox, Safari,
   Chrome, Opera, and Internet Explorer. Processing.js brings the best of
   visual programming to the web, both for Processing and web developers.

   Everything you need to work with Processing.js is here. You can
   download the most recent version of Processing.js, read Quick Start
   Guides for Processing Developers or JavaScript Developers, learn about
   the Processing language and Processing.js render modes, consult the
   Reference, and of course view many existing demos that use
   Processing.js. You can also get involved with the Processing and
   Processing.js communities, both of which are active and and looking for
   new users and developers.

   Whether you're an advanced Processing developer or completely new,
   whether you're a pro with web technologies or just getting started,
   Processing.js bridges the gap between these two powerful technologies.

Processing.js Example

   My Life Aquatic (2012) by David Leibovic and Sunah Suh
   Koi designed by nardove

Downloads

     * Download the latest version of Processing.js!

Articles

     * Quick Start - JavaScript Developer
     * Quick Start - Processing Developer
     * Rendering Modes
     * Pomax's Guide to processing-js

Web IDEs

     * Sketchpad.cc
     * Processing.js Helper
     * OpenProcessing.org

Community

     * IRC Channel
     * Bug Tracker
     * Github Repository
     * Google Group
     * Open Source @ Seneca

Twitter Feed

   Processing is an open visualization language developed by Ben Fry &
   Casey Reas, and originally ported to Javascript by John Resig.
   Processing.js is maintained by the Processing.js team.

   Fork me on GitHub
