   #next Laughing Squid » Feed Laughing Squid » Comments Feed

     * Home
     * About
     * FAQ
     * Hosting
     * Newsletter
     * T-Shirt
     * Submit
     * Contact
     * ____________________ Search

Laughing Squid

   A daily dose of unique art, culture and technology.

Artist Ties Three Classic British Post Boxes in Knots

   by Lori Dorn at 4:02 PM on October 3, 2019
   Classic British Post Boxes Twisted

   Artist Alex Chinneck has remarkably tied three different classic red
   British post boxes in knots across the country of England. The first
   was tied in Margate, Kent and will remain in place for the Margate NOW
   festival through January 12th, 2020. The second was tied outside
   Tinsley Meadows Primary Academy in Tinsley, Sheffield and the…

   Read More

Simplistic Animal Illustrations Based on Photos

   by Lori Dorn at 12:11 PM on October 3, 2019
   Poorly Drawn Dog Peeking Through Brick Wall

   Mood pic.twitter.com/Sqv29hvHkY — Poorly Drawn Animals (@PoorlyDraws)
   October 1, 2019 Poorly Drawn Animals is an amusing Twitter account that
   posts simplistic illustrations of animals based on submitted photos.
   Some of them are more minimalist than others, but each one has a
   uniquely adorable aspect to them. Cuteee pic.twitter.com/I6IUGbLO6R —
   Poorly Drawn Animals (@PoorlyDraws) October 2,…

   Read More

The Science Behind Effective Persuasion

   by Lori Dorn at 11:48 AM on October 3, 2019
   Science of Persuasion

   In a seemingly prescient whiteboard animation from 2012, Dr. Robert
   Cialdini and Steve Martin explain the science of effective persuasion.
   In doing so, they illuminate upon six principles that provide for
   practical change without compromising on cost or ethics. Researchers
   have been studying the factors that influence us to say yes to the
   request of…

   Read More

Lucy’s on 6th, A Pop-Up Delicatessen by Lucy Sparrow at Rockefeller Center
Featuring Felted Gourmet Foods

   by Lori Dorn at 11:13 AM on October 3, 2019
   Lucy Sparrow Delicatessen

   In 2014, artist Lucy Sparrow created The Cornershop, a pop-up store
   that stocked felt replicas of items that are typically found in an
   English grocery store. Since that time Sparrow has installed a pop-up
   shops at the Standard Hotel Highline in New York City (2017) and at the
   Standard Hotel in Los Angeles (2018). Sparrow…

   Read More

Why Planes Avoid Flying Over the Pacific Ocean

   by Lori Dorn at 10:50 AM on October 3, 2019
   Why Planes Don't Fly Over the Pacific Ocean

   Bright Side takes a look at why airlines tend to avoid flying over the
   Pacific Ocean on trips from the west coast of the United States to
   locations in Asia. While safety is a real concern, the actual reasons
   have more to do with the extra distance to travel due to the curvature
   of the…

   Read More

Incredibly Realistic Miniature Animal Sculptures

   by Lori Dorn at 5:01 PM on October 2, 2019
   Racoons Kerri Pajutee

   Artist Kerri Pajutee creates incredibly beautiful, real-looking animal
   sculptures that are to 1:12 to actual size. Pajutee’s remarkable
   attention to detail imbues each of her miniatures with distinct
   personality and feeling, particularly when the animal appears to be in
   motion, with another animal or if something else is happening, such as
   a haircut. While Pajutee…

   Read More

What Life Looks Like to Baby Cephalopods

   by Lori Dorn at 4:58 PM on October 2, 2019
   Baby Cephalopods First Moments

   In a clip from the upcoming PBS documentary Octopus: Making Contact
   (previously), newly hatched octopuses, squid and cuttlefish explore
   their respective new worlds outside the sacs that formed them. Each
   cephalopod engages their hard-wired instincts to search for shelter and
   food using shape-shifting techniques, though some are more successful
   at it than others. These are…

   Read More

How Director Sam Mendes Is Presenting His Epic World War I Film ‘1917’ As One
Continuous Exterior Shot

   by Lori Dorn at 2:39 PM on October 2, 2019
   1917

   In advance of the release of the highly anticipated World War I epic
   1917, director Sam Mendes along with the talented cast and crew share
   the incredible adventure and challenges of presenting the story of a
   feature-length movie in one continuous shot. Additionally, the story
   takes place completely outdoors, so they were completely dependent on…

   Read More
   Older Posts →

   Follow Laughing Squid: Facebook | Twitter | RSS

   WordPress Hosting at Laughing Squid

   Laughing Squid Hosting offers reliable, scalable and secure Managed
   WordPress hosting that includes email, Jetpack Premium, Let's Encrypt
   SSL, plus more great features. We'll even migrate your site for free.

Trending on Laughing Squid

     * Why Planes Avoid Flying Over the Pacific Ocean
       Why Planes Avoid Flying Over the Pacific Ocean
     * How Cognitive Bias Leads People to Believe That They Are Far
       Superior to Others Than They Actually Are
       How Cognitive Bias Leads People to Believe That They Are Far
       Superior to Others Than They Actually Are
     * Woman Lights Parachute on Fire With a Flare Gun While Skydiving to
       Teach Important Safety Lesson
       Woman Lights Parachute on Fire With a Flare Gun While Skydiving to
       Teach Important Safety Lesson
     * A Sleeping Octopus Changes Color While Dreaming
       A Sleeping Octopus Changes Color While Dreaming
     * A Determined Father Dog Patiently Teaches His Devoted Little
       Puppies How to Swim
       A Determined Father Dog Patiently Teaches His Devoted Little
       Puppies How to Swim

   Powered by Laughing Squid Hosting and WordPress VIP | Advertise |
   Affiliate Disclosure | Privacy Policy | © 1995-2019 Laughing Squid LLC,
   all rights reserved
