(+33) 2 99 314 208

   © Smartviser SAS
   facebook.png

contact@smartviser.com

   Schedule a demo
    1. (BUTTON)
    2. (BUTTON)
    3. (BUTTON)
    4. (BUTTON)

Deliver a superior Quality

User eXperience can make or break a product or a network service.

   The fast pace and turnaround of mobile technology advancement puts a
   great of pressure to device manufacturers, mobile operators and service
   providers launching devices and services on time, within budget and
   with superior quality.


   Moreover, with the 5G technology deployment introduction, comes a great
   transformation leap that will not be just another new development in
   mobile usages. It will introduce a significant transformation for
   all sectors of activity including Transportation, Healthcare, Industry,
   Construction, Logistics and many more.


   As a result, these new connectivity challenges require a continuous
   adaptation of testing processes and the introduction of performance and
   functional test automation obviously makes a difference when seeking
   for a best-in-class end-user Quality of Experience (QoE) and Quality of
   Service (QoS).

Your Business Activity

A reliable Test Result is a Trust Driver for your Business.

   AdobeStock_172848343.jpeg

Network Operator

     * Enhance your test plan
     * Speed your processes
     * Gain reliability

   Learn More
   phones charging

Device Manufacturer

     * Run active testing
     * Meet operators' and consumers' requirements

   Learn More
   visuel smartphones web viSerMark.jpg

Media Benchmarker

     * Test and Stress devices
     * Automate user actions
     * Publish mobile reviewes easily

   Learn More

SmartCompanion

   Construction Engineer

Industry

Player

     * Optimize devices connectivity
     * Make the most of new mobile networks resources

   Learn More
   Image by Mike Kotsch

Transportation Company

     * Verify networks performance
     * Offer a steady connection to your customers

   Learn More
   Team Meeting

Marketing Specialist

     * Get consumer's experience fast and true insight
     * Calibrate your services
     * Accelerate business

   Learn More

Consultancy

Your Expert Partner

We are committed to put top mobile testing automation at your disposal.

   Our testing automation skills allow our customers to truly measure and
   visualise Quality of Experience and Quality of Service while reducing
   costs and time and increasing quality.

   We offer a full range of solutions from our plug-and-play viSerBatt
   battery life testing App to a full set of viSerDevice and viSerNetwork
   solutions.
   Our aim is to adress the needs of teams of all sizes and for all kind
   of test objectives and strategies. Results are provided in real-time
   for an immediate assessment that covers over 100 KPIs.

   We also provide consultancy services to further support your testing
   needs and challenges whether these are battery assessment, operator's
   approval and others.

   viSer test suite offers one of the most cost effective and time
   efficient solution in the market including a 24/7 operation for
   unlimited testing sessions.

   Measure, Visualise and Optimise User Experience and Performance (QoE)

   ​

   Evaluate devices and services to Ensure high quality before launching
   in the market

   ​

   Assess connectivity performance and reliability

   ​

   Measure and Enhance service Quality (QoS)

   ​

   Optimise testing processes (Lab + Field tests), from early development
   phase to product launch

   ​

   Evaluate new technology like VoLTE and 5G.

They Trust Us

Our customers are Mobile Operators, Device Manufacturers,

Media, Retailers, Transportation Companies...

   Sony.png
   LesNumeriques.png
   TCL Alcatel.png
   tesla-logo.png
   sfr_logo2014_exe_rvb.png
   Modelabs.png
   logo alstom.png
   ECHO.jpg
   Logo Telia.png
   huawei_logo.png
   orange.png
   fnac-darty.png
   DGA.png
   Logo Auchan.png
   elisa_logo_web.png
   wiko_tinno.png
   Keolis.png
   GSMArena.png
   Clemessy.jpg
   Fairphone.png
   GCFColHorRGBJPG.jpg
   Frandroid.png
   logo-boulanger.jpg
   SNCF.png
   mobiwire.jpg
   logo cerema.jpg
   famoco240-320x320.png
   Energizer Logo.jpg
   huffpost_logo.png

Testimonials

What our customers say about us

   "Thanks to SmartViser’s solutions, our testing team will focus on what
   matters most for our end users. We want to ensure we deliver the
   highest quality devices for our global market"

TESLA

   "All the elements we needed to automate our tests were successfully
   brought together with SmartViser, the support and the test solution. We
   have doubled our testing load and halved the testing time. We have both
   won on both sides!"

   "All the elements we needed to automate our tests were successfully
   brought together with SmartViser, the support and the test solution. We
   have doubled our testing load and halved the testing time. We have both
   won on both sides!"

FRENCH OPERATOR

FRENCH OPERATOR

   "All the elements we needed to automate our tests were successfully
   brought together with SmartViser, the support and the test solution. We
   have doubled our testing load and halved the testing time. We have both
   won on both sides!"

   "Up so far, we’ve always been running our battery life tests in a
   semi-automatic manner. This meant testing was conducted only during
   office hours and this took a toll on the time needed to complete each
   phone review. "

GSMArena

   "All the elements we needed to automate our tests were successfully
   brought together with SmartViser, the support and the test solution. We
   have doubled our testing load and halved the testing time. We have both
   won on both sides!"

   “We are testing around 100 smartphones per year. With Smartviser
   automation tool we have saved more than 65% on time executing our test
   plan.”

FRENCH OPERATOR

FNAC - DARTY

   "All the elements we needed to automate our tests were successfully
   brought together with SmartViser, the support and the test solution. We
   have doubled our testing load and halved the testing time. We have both
   won on both sides!"

   "We were looking for a solution to measure smartphones battery life in
   a more realistic way than just having a video played on a loop on the
   device. SmartViser fully answered this need and provided the most
   complete solution we ever had. As a result we now automate 90% of
   Testing".

LES NUMÉRIQUES

   "All the elements we needed to automate our tests were successfully
   brought together with SmartViser, the support and the test solution. We
   have doubled our testing load and halved the testing time. We have both
   won on both sides!"

   “The SmartViser tool is constantly running during the product
   development process, automatically performing extreme tests. Call,
   chats, social Networks, gaming, camera… Wiko’s smartphones live through
   the toughest usage.”

WIKO

   svLogo85px.png
   Contact Us
     * HOME
     * PRODUCTS
     * SOLUTIONS
     * RESOURCES
     * ABOUT
     * CAREERS
     * NEWS AND EVENTS
     * CONTACT
     * More
