   #alternate alternate

Agent Pekka

     * Home
     * Artists
     * Animation
     * News
     * About
     * Contact

   We're a global artist representation agency that champions originality,
   newness and craft.

   ____________________
   Search by medium discipline theme artist client

Artist

Client

Agency

Theme

Medium

Discipline

   Rizon Parein Hot A personal piece by Rizon.
   Linn Fritz SXSW 2019 — Narrative Linn teamed up animator/illustrator
   Joe Sparkes and Coat Of Arms to create four title sequences for
   SXSW2019.
   Rune Fisker Unilever – Every U Does Good Animation for Unilever's
   global 'Every U Does Good' campaign promoting the company's various
   social welfare and education initiatives. Rune Fisker designed the
   entire look of the campaign, and created over 100 style frames and
   illustrations, which were then animated by The Line.
   foam Studio Hennessy X.O A series of seven animated billboards created
   for Hennessy in collaboration with DDB Paris and Spellwork. Designed
   and directed by foam Studio.
   Alex Trochut Truth.af Trochut's piece for a series of typographic
   animated “one-word poems”. Visit truth.af for the full experience.
   Owen Gatley Casper — The Wave Animation for Casper's Wave mattress
   campaign.
   Studio Brasch Bang & Olufsen 3D interior design featuring their unique
   wall-hanging speaker product, the Beosound Shape.
   Sébastien Plassard The Future of Travel Soho House commissioned an
   illustration from Sébastien for an editorial piece on the future on
   travel.
   Magnus Voll Mathiassen Dekode Commissioned artwork for Dekode as part
   of an ongoing artists series.
   La Boca The Dark Crystal Official poster for Jim Henson's Netflix
   television series, The Dark Crystal 'Age of Resistance'.
   Antti Kalevi Lately Personal piece by Antti.
   Craig & Karl Esprit + Craig & Karl Collection A capsule collection for
   Esprit in celebration of Pride.
   Pietari Posti Robb Report Cover illustration for the California issue
   of Robb Report.
   Ugo Gattoni Experience Abu Dhabi National Geographic photographer
   Michael Yamashita and artist Ugo Gattoni collaborated on a series of
   surreal images of Abu Dhabi.
   Owen Gildersleeve Space Watch Report After the success of Owen’s first
   designs for Vanity Fair’s On Time watch report he was asked to create
   the designs for the April 2019 watch report with the theme of space to
   inspire the paper cut designs.
   James Joyce Rimowa × James Joyce Meiré und Meiré commissioned a set of
   stickers from James for Rimowa's City Sticker Collection.
   Linn Fritz Hug
   Eili-Kaija Kuusniemi Stella Artois × Water.org Stella Artois and
   Water.org asked Eili-Kaija Kuusniemi to design a set of three
   limited-edition chalices for their 2019 collaboration.
   New artist Linn Fritz
   Rune Fisker Kraken Brand Illustrations Rune Fisker created a series of
   illustrations for the rebranding of Kraken, the world's largest bitcoin
   exchange.
   Justyna Stasik Today at Apple Illustration promoting creative sessions
   at various Apple Stores.
   Tim Lahan Sightglass From a set of illustrations for San
   Francisco-based Sightglass.
   Alex Trochut Z by HP As a brand ambassador to Z by HP, Trochut was
   invited to create an artwork that interprets the theme 'the power to
   reinvent beauty'.
   Janine Rewell Åhléns Christmas Christmas visuals for Swedish department
   store Åhléns. Janine's illustrated landscapes took over the store's
   window displays across Sweden and her pattern designs were featured in
   advertisements and in-store packaging during the campaign.
   James Joyce Planar 1/1 A unique Rega turntable, customised by James
   Joyce for Planar 1/1, an auction in aid of mental health charity, Mind.
   Christopher DeLorenzo Casper Illustrations for Casper's holiday
   campaign.
   Cassandre Montoriol Late Bloomers Illustrations for Finnish author
   Eveliina Nieminen's collection of short stories.
   Craig & Karl Baskin-Robbins Baskin-Robbins asked Craig & Karl to
   develop new packaging artwork for their brand across South Korea.
   Antti Kalevi Samuji Illustration promoting the opening of the new
   Samuji House in Helsinki.
   Cruschiform Printemps Christmas Cruschiform was commissioned to
   illustrate the magical world of Santa Claus for legendary French
   department store chain Printemps.
   Martina Paukova Take Control of Your Inbox Illustration for a feature
   on new, efficiency-boosting email apps.
   Dan Matutina Design Touch Posters A series of posters promoting Design
   Touch, an annual design festival held in Tokyo.
   Studio Brasch CapMan Studio Brasch worked with Motley on the key visual
   for CapMan's new identity.
   Sébastien Plassard Brummell Magazine Animated cover for the spring
   issue of Brummell Magazine.
   Superfiction Desert
   Owen Gatley Quay Tower From a series of illustrations created for Quay
   Tower, a new development of waterfront condominium homes in Brooklyn
   Bridge Park.
   La Boca Suspiria (2018) Official movie poster for the Amazon Studios
   2018 movie Suspiria, directed by Luca Guadagnino.
   Rune Fisker Pocket Illustration for Mozilla for the launch of the new
   version of Pocket.
   Rami Niemi Pori Jazz 2019 Poster by Rami Niemi for the 54th Pori Jazz
   festival.
   Merijn Hos Mohawk Merijn's artwork was used to create 20,000 unique
   prints for the 'Disruption' issue of Mohawk Maker Quarterly.
   Magnus Voll Mathiassen Apple iPad Pro Illustration for the Apple
   website to showcase the possibilities of iPad Pro and Apple Pencil.
   Daniel Savage Two Step A Collaboration Between Daniel Savage, Ambrose
   Yu, and Meister.
   Craig & Karl Harry's Craig & Karl worked with grooming brand Harry's o
   design a limited-edition shaving kit available during the month of
   Pride. The artwork celebrates and inclusive and eclectic LGBTQ
   community from diverse backgrounds.
   Tim Boelaars Barron’s Cover Cover illustration for the August issue of
   Barron's.
   Tim Lahan Chaos Tim's artwork for creative translation agency
   franklyfluent's The World in Words exhibition.
   Jean-Michel Tixier Les Entractes From a set of illustrations for Le
   Fooding and Nespresso's 'Les Entractes' event at the Cannes Film
   Festival.
   Toni Halonen Gold&Green Toni worked with Happy F&B on the identity for
   Gold&Green.
   Alexis Tyrsa Bespoke Type for Stoli Bespoke typeface for Stoli's 'Make
   it Loud and Clear' campaign, commissioned by Fred & Farid New York.
   New artist Justyna Stasik
   foam Studio Influencers — Maxon With a film commissioned by MAXON, foam
   Studio were challenged to put the latest release of Cinema 4D through
   its paces and explore new creative territories.

Our Strengths

   3D See the work »
   Animation See the work »
   Icons See the work »
   Illustration See the work »
   Infographics See the work »
   Installations See the work »
   Paper Craft See the work »
   Patterns See the work »
   Typography See the work »

Featured Artists

   Christopher DeLorenzo
   James Joyce
   Rizon Parein
   Superfiction

   See all artists »

Selected Press

   Jack Hughes
   “London-based illustrator Jack Hughes exploits the subtle power of
   shadow and tone to produce works that feel, at once, strikingly sparse
   and filled with intricacy.”
   — YCN Professional Awards
   Rami Niemi
   “A ruthlessly talented man so comfortable in his ability that he is
   given complete creative freedom by the big dogs and then praised for
   his subtly snide creations — this man is a superb and powerful
   illustrator.”
   — It’s Nice That
   Magnus Voll Mathiassen
   “Strong colors, acute shapes and strong patterns characterize the
   iconic portraits by Norwegian designer Magnus Voll Mathiassen, MVM.”
   — Trendland
   Merijn Hos
   “As well as being of the highest and most unique quality, Merijn’s work
   is also pleasingly varied, making his portfolio a fizzing, glowing
   party bag of astonishing draughtsmanship.”
   — It’s Nice That

Contact

   pekka@agentpekka.com

   AMS +31 6 4629 0589
   HEL +358 50 363 5252
   LA +1 323 533 9985

Newsletter

   Thanks for signing up for our newsletter.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) › Please check the email address.

Social

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Vimeo
     * LinkedIn
     * Pinterest

   Copyright ©2019 Agent Pekka. All rights reserved.

Contact

   pekka@agentpekka.com

   AMS +31 6 4629 0589
   HEL +358 50 363 5252
   LA +1 323 533 9985


    EU Agent Pekka
    Nervanderinkatu 5 D
    00100 Helsinki
    Finland


    US Agent Pekka
    6121 Sunset Boulevard
    Los Angeles, CA 90028
    USA

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Vimeo
     * LinkedIn
     * Pinterest
