   Say No to Corkage on Mondays at Bâtard - every Monday (Excluding
   holidays), bring any bottle of wine to be opened with no fee (One
   bottle per couple). Click for Details
   batard home logo navigation menu open navigation menu close

   the restaurantthe teampressmenuWINE LISTreservationscontactmyriad
   ABOUT
   FOOD & DRINK
   RESERVATIONS
   CONTACT
   THE RESTAURANTTHE TEAMPRESS
   dinner menu
   WINE LIST
   cocktail list
   OPENTABLEPRIVATE DININGGIFT CARDS
   HOURS OF OPERATIONLOCATIONMYRIAD

   batard banner slideshow image lobster
   batard banner slideshow image strawberry ice cream
   batard banner slideshow image steak
   batard banner slideshow image chicken
   batard banner slideshow image purple cabbage
   batard banner slideshow image beets
   carpaccio
   chocolate cake ice cream
   steak asparagus
   beet tartare
   facebook icon instagram social icon

   line chef tartare
   batard slideshow chocolate cake
   batard slideshow bar glasses
   batard slideshow bar glasses closeup
   THE RESTAURANT

The Restaurant

   red cabbage
   batard slideshow line chefs preparing scallops
   batard slideshow octopus terrine
   batard slideshow line foie gras sparkling wine
   Drew Nieperont group photo entrance
   THE RESTAURANT
   FOOD PHILOSOPHY
   INTERIOR

The Restaurant

   Bâtard is a Modern European restaurant situated in the heart of
   Tribeca.  Bâtard is open six evenings a week for dinner.
   The menu focuses on classic cuisine with a focus on quality, seasonal
   ingredients and draws inspiration from Chef Markus Glocker’s diverse
   background and experience. Our extensive wine list includes over 800
   wines from around the world, or if you prefer, we offer a full bar with
   signature cocktails.
   We strive to provide a welcoming and elegant service in a timeless
   setting intended to make you feel at ease.

Food Philosophy

   Authenticity and honesty are at the heart of each dish we plate at
   Bâtard. Our Micheliin-starred restaurant offers an experience of
   “refined simplicity,” wherein guests can enjoy the very best
   ingredients.
   Confidence in the kitchen means doing the best we can with ingredients
   at hand without too much
   manipulation. It's all about flavour:  simple, but elegant - classic
   flavors with new techniques.
   Our menu reflects the background and training of Chef Markus Glocker
   with respect and awe for the diversity of New York City.  ”It’s about
   the dish. I love to have different opinions, different ideas to bring
   in. It makes the team in the kitchen really tight as well. It takes two
   or three days to put a dish on the menu; we never put it on just from
   scratch. I change the menu dish by dish, and stay on top of the
   seasons.”

Interior

   Bâtard combines classic style with a relaxed, downtown vibe.  The
   65-seat dining room designed by Glen Coben takes advantage of an open
   plan with clear sight lines.  The temperature has been gently raised on
   the interior which features twirling vine bas-relief walls that lean in
   flush with a tobacco-resin hue and banquettes covered in dark leather
   and mohair.
   THE RESTAURANT
   FOOD PHILOSOPHY
   INTERIOR
   The Restaurant

   Bâtard is a Modern European restaurant situated in the heart of
   Tribeca.  Bâtard is open six evenings a week for dinner, Friday lunch
   and pre-theatre.
   The menu focuses on classic cuisine with a focus on quality, seasonal
   ingredients and draws inspiration from Chef Markus Glocker’s diverse
   background and experience. Our extensive wine list includes over 800
   wines from around the world, or if you prefer, we offer a full bar with
   signature cocktails.
   We strive to provide a welcoming and elegant service in a timeless
   setting intended to make you feel at ease.
   Food Philosophy

   Authenticity and honesty are at the heart of each dish we plate at
   Bâtard. Our Micheliin-starred restaurant offers an experience of
   “refined simplicity,” wherein guests can enjoy the very best
   ingredients.
   Confidence in the kitchen means doing the best we can with ingredients
   at hand without too much
   manipulation. It's all about flavour:  simple, but elegant - classic
   flavors with new techniques.
   Our menu reflects the background and training of Chef Markus Glocker
   with respect and awe for the diversity of New York City.  ”It’s about
   the dish. I love to have different opinions, different ideas to bring
   in. It makes the team in the kitchen really tight as well. It takes two
   or three days to put a dish on the menu; we never put it on just from
   scratch. I change the menu dish by dish, and stay on top of the
   seasons.”
   Interior

   Bâtard combines classic style with a relaxed, downtown vibe.  The
   65-seat dining room designed by Glen Coben takes advantage of an open
   plan with clear sight lines.  The temperature has been gently raised on
   the interior which features twirling vine bas-relief walls that lean in
   flush with a tobacco-resin hue and banquettes covered in dark leather
   and mohair.

   team section background - staff exterior
   THE TEAM

The Team

   full staff outside restaurant

The Story

   Markus Glocker and John Winterman were destined to work together years
   ago, though they did not know it at the time. They shared a history in
   Chicago at the legendary Charlie Trotter’s and while John was already
   well entrenched in a move to the West Coast when Markus moved to
   Chicago, it was this mutual experience that led them to meet in New
   York and become good friends. They found they had a similar approach to
   service, cuisine, philosophy of life, champagne and whiskey, and shared
   a love for the always diverse and inspiring New York restaurant
   industry. They both wanted to one day create their own restaurant and
   bring all their ideas together. After years of hearing, “When are you
   going to open your own place,” and many pints at the Spotted Pig, it
   was an encounter with Drew Nieporent that set what was to become Bâtard
   in motion. Bâtard is the culmination of three lifetimes of experience –
   The Chef, The Maitre d’ and the Restaurateur and the desire to create
   something truly distinctive together. The next stage of the journey has
   yet to be written.

Markus Glocker

   CHEF-PARTNER
   Markus Glocker has hospitality in his blood. Born in Austria, he grew
   up working in the family hotels, where his appreciation for the
   culinary arts became a passion. He attended culinary school in Linz,
   Austria, and having already shown a talent and discipline suited to the
   fine art (Glocker studied classical music as a young student), he
   excelled under the singular pressures of the kitchen.  After culinary
   school, Glocker joined Munich’s renowned Restaurant Vier Jahreszeiten.
   Over several years he excelled in top kitchens all over the world,
   notably Restaurant Eckart Witzigmann in Berlin, Charlie Trotter’s in
   Chicago, Restaurant Steirereck Vienna, and Gordon Ramsay in London and
   New York (which received two Michelin stars during his tenure).
   Glocker’s talent finds full expression at Bâtard, the Tribeca
   restaurant he opened with restaurateur Drew Nieporent, and managing
   partner John Winterman.
   Located in the iconic space that previously housed Nieporent’s
   Montrachet and Corton, At Bâtard, Glocker’s years of cooking
   crystallize with a cuisine defined as much by ebullient, rustic
   Austrian heritage as Glocker’s refined precision and an ingrained,
   family-style love of hospitality. Fashioned with what New York Times
   critic Pete Wells calls “a sniper’s accuracy at the stove,” Glocker’s
   dishes are both robust and refined, including modern interpretations of
   Austrian traditions like schnitzel and tafelspitz. His Octopus Pastrami
   is already a new classic.
   After its May 2014 début, Bâtard earned a three-star rating from The
   New York Times, three stars from New York Magazine, and a coveted
   Michelin star, among several other stellar reviews.  In May 2015,
   Bâtard was awarded Best New Restaurant in America by the James Beard
   Foundation.

John Winterman

   MANAGING PARTNER
   Born and raised in Indiana, John Winterman was in college when he
   learned that cuisine is more than three vegetables and overcooked meat.
   He has distinct memories of the first time he tasted foie gras, Kobe
   beef, and wasabi and drank a 1928 Cheval Blanc.
   For the past 20 years, Winterman has worked in front-of-the-house
   positions for such notables as Charlie Trotter, Gary Danko and Daniel
   Boulud, most recently as maître d’hôtel of restaurant Daniel. Along the
   way, he became a certified sommelier and an expert in artisanal
   cheeses.
   John, as Managing Partner, has now joined forces with Chef-Partner
   Markus Glocker and restaurateur Drew Nieporent at Michelin-starred
   Bâtard - James Beard Foundation BEST NEW RESTAURANT 2015.

Jason Jacobeit

   WINE DIRECTOR
   A Chicago native, Jason Jacobeit discovered wine as an undergraduate
   and quickly pledged his professional loyalty to the vine.  After a
   three year stint as Sommelier at Jessica’s Restaurant in Middlebury,
   Vermont, Jason relocated to New York and was soon tabbed as Head
   Sommelier for Drew Nieporent’s Myriad Restaurant Group.
   In early 2016, Jason moved full-time to Bâtard to focus on developing
   its expanding wine program.
   He lives in uptown Manhattan with his girlfriend and can be found
   wandering the streets in search of good restaurants, apologizing for
   his dog’s behavior, and consuming vast quantities of Chablis.

Julie Elkind

   EXECUTIVE PASTRY CHEF
   Julie Elkind brings an innovative and passionate approach to crafting
   delectable pastries reflecting both classic and contemporary dessert
   trends. As a result of growing up with a family full of incredible home
   cooks and bakers, Elkind developed a romance for the beauty of food and
   a talent for cooking at an early age. She developed a sharp palate
   during her many travels to over 14 different countries before the age
   of 20. After Graduating from culinary school at 2007, Julie moved to
   Manhattan and began her culinary career in some of the top kitchens in
   New York. Some of those kitchens include Le Cirque, La Fonda Del Sol,
   Convivio, Alto and her breakout career role as Corporate Executive
   Pastry Chef for Esquared Hospitality and BLT restaurants. During her
   time there she received much notoriety within the food scene. Elkind
   received the honor of the 2012 Zagat 30 under 30 award along with many
   other national press outlets including The Today Show, Good Day New
   York, the New York Times, The Better Show, Martha Stewart radio, House
   Beautiful Magazine and multiple national publications.
   She was also featured  at the James Beard house is New York City where
   top chefs showcase their food to industry peers and food enthusiasts.
   batard management team photo - drew, markus, john markus glocker bio
   john winterman bio jason jacobeit bio julie elkind bio

   steak and asparagus
   bar closeup liquor bottles
   carpaccio
   bar cart closeup
   press background - octopus terrine
   PRESS

Press

   beet ice cream
   markus glocker black & white
   quail egg
   Batard interior diners
   "obscene deliciousness... memories of dishes lingered for weeks
   afterward"
   Amelia Lester, New Yorker
   "the chef, Markus Glocker, has a sniper’s accuracy at the stove"
   Pete Wells, New York Times
   "so technically perfect that it caused my vegetable-snob wife to put
   down her fork and practically clap with glee"
   Adam Platt, New York Magazine
   "one of the year's most enjoyable and approachable new restaurant"
   Ryan Sutton, Eater NY
   "a cheese course that evokes the sensuality of a vacation in the French
   countryside"
   Alan Richman, GQ
   "America's best new restaurant"
   Adam Morganstern, Forbes
   new yorker icon
   new york times icon
   new york magazine icon
   eater icon
   gq icon
   forbes icon

Dinner Menu

   dinner menu close
   2 courses $65
   3 courses $89
   4 courses $99

   À la carte pricing available upon request

   Please Note: Our menu changes frequently so all items may not be
   available.
     * EAST COAST OYSTERS
       pickled long peppers, avocado, crispy ginger
     * CITRUS-CURED HAMACHI*
       jasmine rice,kohlrabi, ginger-chili aioli
     * HEIRLOOM TOMATOeS
       watermelon, whipped feta, crispy sourdough
     * FOIE GRAS TERRINE $10 SUPPLEMENT
       strawberries, guanciale-almond crumble
     * BEEF TARTARE*
       egg yolk, horseradish cream, everything bagel spice

   food menu section breaker - michelin star
     * Maine lobster $12 SUPPLEMENT
       grilled corn, meyer lemon, chile oil
     * Tagliatelle
       roasted lamb loin, castelvetrano olives, pecorino
     * SQUASH BLOSSOM “FARCI”
       braised kale, zucchini, sungold tomatoes
     * ROASTED FOIE GRAS $10 SUPPLEMENT
       brûléed peaches, pistachios, crispy duck skin

   food menu section breaker - michelin star
     * STRIPED BASS
       summer beans, savory, heirloom tomato vinaigrette
     * RED SNAPPER
       baby squash, charred tomato, chanterelles
     * ROASTED AMISH CHICKEN
       andouille, red pepper, bulgur wheat, fairytale eggplant
     * BERKSHIRE PORK SCHNITZEL
       fingerling potato salad, cucumber, mâche
     * AGED duck
       rhubarb, turnips, crispy einkorn
     * DRY-AGED STRIPLOIN $10 supplement
       maitake mushrooms, asparagus, spiced carrot reduction

   food menu section breaker - michelin star
     * SIDES   $12
       wild mushrooms
       grilled broccolini
       summer squash

   food menu section breaker - michelin star
     * CHOCOLATE ALMOND TART
       praline, vanilla ice cream
     * roasted carrot cake
       goat’s cheese, pistachio, kataifi
     * BERRY GÂTEAU
       vanilla chiffon, chantilly
     * SOUFFLÉ FOR TWO
       tart cherry compote, pistachio ice cream
     * SEASONAL SORBET TRIO
     * SELECTION OF CHEESES  from the cart
       3 for $21 * 4 for $26 * 5 for $29

   This is some text inside of a div block.
   Dinner Menu

Wine List

   Wine List
   Cocktail List

Cocktail Menu

Wines by the Glass

Sparkling

     * pinot noir
       val de mer
       brut rosé, burgundy, france nv
       16
     * pinot noir/chardonnay
       ALFRED BASELY
       ‘tradition,’champagne, france nv
       25

White

     * roussanne
       DOMAINE BOISSON
       côtes du rhônevillages ‘cairanne-silice,’  france 2016
       13
     * chardonnay
       domaine goisot
       bourgogne blanc, burgundy, france 2017
       15
     * grüner veltliner
       forstreiter
       ‘kogl vineyard,’kremstal, austria 2017
       16
     * chardonnay
       J.J. VINCENT
       bourgogne blanc,burgundy, france 2016
       17
     * sauvignon blanc
       DOMAINE DE VILLARGEAU
       côteaux du giennois,loire, france 2017
       18
     * chardonnay
       dubreuil-fontaine
       pernand 1er cru ‘clos berthet,’ burgundy, france 2014
       25

Red

     * pinot noir
       ROCHE DE BELLENE
       bourgogne ‘vieilles vignes,’ burgundy, france2016
       14
     * grenache
       DOM. LES APHILLANTHES
       côtes du rhône villages ‘plan de dieu - galets,’ france 2016
       16
     * gamay
       CHâTeau Grange Cochard
       morgon ‘vieilles vignes,’ burgundy, france 2015
       17
     * syrah
       HECHT & BANNIER
       minervois, languedoc, france 2015
       20
     * pinot noir
       TAUPENOT-MERME
       st.-romain, burgundy, france 2014
       25

     * pinot noir
       GLANTENAY
       volnay 1er cru ‘lesbrouillards,’ burgundy, france 2014
       34
     * pinot noir
       BALLOT-MILLOT
       volnay 1er cru ‘santenots,’burgundy, france 2014
       38
     * pinot noir
       FONTAINE-GAGNARD
       volnay 1er cru ‘closdes chênes,’ burgundy, france 2012
       45

Apéritifs

     * VERMOUTH
       americano bianco cocchi, piedmont, italy
       10
     * gentiane
       salers, auvergne,france
       12
     * kir royale
       giffard cassis noir, crémant de bourgogne
       13

Cocktails

     * ol' dirty bâtard
       jim beam rye, punt e mes, cocchi rosa, mole bitters
       17
     * sazerac
       bache-gabrielsen cognac, st. george absinthe, peychaud bitters
       18
     * old fashioned
       ransom whipper snapper whiskey, demerara, angostura & orange
       bitters
       19
     * the gin watson
       greenhook gin, koval ginger liqueur, orange blossom, honey, egg
       whites
       21
     * SFUMATO SPREZZATURA
       street pumas scotch, amaros fumato, lemon tonic, bittermens
       grapefruit bitters
       16
     * IPANEMA’S PASSION
       hamilton ny rum,fortify bitters, passionfruit, pimento dram,
       elderflower
       18
     * HIBISCUS MULE
       tromba blanco tequila, pink grapefruit juice, fever-tree lemon
       tonic & ginger beer, paloma salt
       19
     * spanish gin & tonic
       bols genever gin, blood orange, rosemary, fever-tree mediterranean
       tonic
       20

Beer

     * helles lager
       stiegl, austria
       8
     * ipa
       sweet water, atlanta
       9
     * hefeweisen
       paulaner, germany
       9
     * pilsner
       rothaus tannenzäpfle pils, germany
       11
     * kölsch
       reissdorf, germany
       13
     * dry cider
       aval, france
       14

Alles Gut zum Muttertag!

   dinner menu close
   2 courses $65
   3 courses $85
     * BERIMOT SPRITZ
       crémant de bourgogne,italicus bergamot, rishi omija berry blush tea
       12
     * pinot noir
       VAL de mer
       brutrosé, burgundy, france nv
       19
     * TROPICAL MORNING (alcohol free)
       pineapple, passionfruit, elderflower, fever-tree ginger beer
       8

     * VIENNOISERIE
       croissants, danishes, muffins, jams, clotted cream, vermont butter
       12

     * BUCKWHEAT BLINI
       balik salmon, soft scrabbled eggs, water cress
     * POACHED EGG ON TOAST
       marinated crab, avocado, fresno chili, ramps
     * CITRUS-CURED HAMACHI*
       jasmine rice, kohlrabi, ginger-chili aioli
     * WHITE AsPARAGUS
       smoked bacon, shallot confit, soft-poached egg

   food menu section breaker - michelin star
     * PORK BELLY BENEDICT
       sourdough english muffin, white wine sabayon, petit salade
     * red snapper
       hedgehog mushrooms, spring onions, english peas, green garlic
     * SKIRT STEAK
       pomme anna, salsa verde
     * ARcTIC CHAR
       artichokes, onion soubise, sauce barigoule
     * ROAST CHICKEN
       green asparagus, morels, shallot confit, red wine sauce

   food menu section breaker - michelin star
     * wild mushrooms
       gremolata
       12
     * grilled asparagus
       brown butter sabayon, crispy almonds
       12
     * champagne cabbage
       smoked bacon
       12

   food menu section breaker - michelin star
     * SEASONAL BERRIES
       crème fraîche ice cream
     * roasted carrot cake
       goat’s cheese, pistachio, kataifi
     * CHOCOLAtE TART
       coffee ice cream
     * SOUFFLÉ for two
       strawberry compote, vanilla bean ice cream
     * SORBETS
       mango, lemon, grapefruit
     * SELECTION OF CHEESES
       3 for $21 * 4 for $26 * 5 for $29

SUMMER RESTAURANT WEEK 2019

   dinner menu close

   July 22 - August 16, non-inclusive of weekends
   3 courses $42

First Course

   suggested pairing
     * chardonnay
       CÔTEAUX DES MARGOTS
       mâcon-villages, burgundy, france 2016
       glass $12 • half $8

     * CHILLED CORN SOUP
       sungold tomatoes, grilled sweet corn, parmesan tuile
     * CITRUS-CURED SALMON
       avocado, crispy wild rice, market radish
     * PORK & CHICKEN TERRINE
       grilled peaches, shiitake mushrooms, sourdough

   food menu section breaker - michelin star

Second Course

   suggested pairing
     * grenache
       LE CHAUSSYNETTE
       vin de france, rhône, france 2016
       glass $12 • half $6

     * STRIPED BASS
       summer beans, savory, heirloom tomato vinaigrette
     * RISOTTO
       zucchini, squash blossoms, gruyere, pancetta
     * ROASTED AMISH CHICKEN
       andouille, red pepper, bulgur wheat, fairytale eggplant

   food menu section breaker - michelin star

Sides

     * $8
       wild mushrooms
       grilled broccoli rabe
       brussels sprouts

   food menu section breaker - michelin star

Dessert

     * BLUE BERRY OLIVE OIL CAKE
       lemon-crème fraîche ice cream, streusel
     * CHOCOLATE ALMOND TART
       praline, vanilla ice cream
     * SEASONALSORBET TRIO
     * SELECTION OF CHEESES  from the cart
       3 for $12

5TH ANNIVERSARY PARTY

   close popup - chef for a day

   ‍

   Dear Friends and Family,

       Bâtard—located in the legendary address which housed the celebrated
   Montrachet—will honour its history of great food and wine by hosting
   its 5th Anniversary Party in cooperation with City Harvest, New York
   City’s largest food rescue organization, from 11:30am, Sunday, 2 June
   2019.

       Drew Nieporent, Markus Glocker, and John Winterman hope to bring
   together family and friends, long-time supporters, and luminaries from
   the worlds of food, culture, media, wine, and philanthropy, all of whom
   believe in the power of cuisine and hospitality to improve the lives of
   thousands of people served each year by City Harvest.  We hope you will
   participate in this exciting event by contributing to our Anniversary
   Party and/or purchasing a ticket to attend.

       For more information, please refer to the link below or contact
   John Winterman at jwinterman@myriadrg.com or 212-219-2777 with any
   questions.  Thank you in advance for helping to make our 5th
   Anniversary a day to remember!

   https://batard-city-harvest-5th-anniversary.eventbrite.com
   fantastic recs close

Fantastic Recs

   Bâtard

   Where to Eat & Sleep in New York City

   “The true New Yorker secretly believes that people living anywhere else
   have to be, in some sense, kidding.” ― John Updike

   ‍

   New York City is the Capital of the World. It is a buzzing hive of
   history, culture and urban dynamism. In no other city could you dine on
   scores of cuisines while never venturing beyond the borders. New York
   City’s limitations may be geographical, but with imagination and a
   sense of adventure, the treats and flavours are limitless. New York, on
   the world stage, is a paradise for those who love wine and good food.
   Its exceptional gastronomical culture along with the outstanding
   hotels, bars, lounges and clubs offer an unforgettable experience.

   After this brief introduction to the Big Apple, here are some of our
   choices of some of the better restaurants, bars, and hotels which are
   divided in different categories. Please, this list is not
   comprehensive. It is a short list of our experiences after living in
   New York City for well over a decade. It represents a mere fraction of
   the infinite possibilities our city holds for the intrepid traveler. We
   encourage you to do some research and discover the city yourself.

   caveat emptor: while we encourage you to explore this list, we are not
   a concierge service and as such unable to assist in booking
   reservations for you.

   ‍

   Casual & Neighborhood Restaurants

   Black Mountain Wine House

   Runner & Stone

   Stone Park Café

   Barbuto

   The Beatrice Inn

   Wallse

   Buvette

   Dell’Anima

   Hearth

   I Sodi

   Musket Room

   James

   Adrienne’s Pizza Bar

   Lucky Strike

   Mu Ramen

   BXL Zoute

   Prime Meats Brooklyn

   Frenchette

   The Smile

   Vinegar Hill House

   Tia Pol

   Quartorze Bis

   Le Bilboquet

   ‍

   Destination, High Profile & Special Occasion

   Le Bernardin

   Daniel

   Marea

   Gunter Seeger

   Blue Hill Stone Barns

   Jung Sik

   Aquavit

   ‍

   Only in New York

   Keen’s

   Gramercy Tavern

   Nam Wah Tea Parlour

   Café Sabarsky

   Tempura Matsui

   Maison Premiere

   Viand

   Kajitsu

   Minetta Tavern

   Balthazar

   Takashi

   Strip House

   Yakatori Toto

   Chikalicious

   Café Boulud

   Striphouse

   ‍

   Wine Bars, Bars, Taverns, Gastropubs & Dives

   Hudson Bar & Books

   Terroir Tribeca

   The Breslin

   WXOU Radio

   Daddy-O’s

   Raoul’s

   Smith & Mills

   Lucky Strike

   The Ear Inn

   Aldo Sohm Wine Bar

   Arlene’s Grocery

   Automatic Slims

   Brandy Library

   ‍

   Hotels & Hotel Bars

   Peninsula

   St. Regis (King Cole Bar)

   The Carlyle (Bemelman’s)

   The Roxy

   Soho Grand

   The Beekman

   The Mark Hotel

   Mandarin Oriental (Aviary)

private dining

   Private Dining
   close popup - chef for a day

Chef for a Day

   guest chef prep closeup
   Bâtard Guest Chef for a Day - No experience necessary, just an appetite
   and a love of cooking!
   Be a chef inside Bâtard the James Beard Foundation’s Best New
   Restaurant, 2015— or get the perfect gift for your favourite foodie!
   There is a cook in all of us and it’s time for them to come out - if
   you love food, love to cook or want to get better at it, this is a
   great experience for you.  Our Guest Chef for a Day program offers the
   unique experience of working inside a real professional kitchen:
     * Join Executive Chef & Partner Markus Glocker and his staff in
       Bâtard’s kitchen from 2:00 pm - 7:00 pm.  Our culinary team will
       show you how raw ingredients can be transformed into an exquisite
       meal that appeals to all of your senses.

     * You will spend approximately 5 hours in the kitchen. This is a
       great opportunity to work with ingredients that you love but rarely
       prepare for yourself or to work on a cooking technique with which
       you are not that familiar.

   Call or email Managing Partner John Winterman, to schedule your
   experience.  Email jwinterman@myriadrg.com or phone 212.219.2777,
   10.30am – 5pm, Monday – Friday. Available days and times are Tuesday
   through Friday, with shifts beginning at 2pm and ending at 6pm.
   Please note:
   *There is a two-week advance notice to schedule the day and is based on
   availability of both parties.
   A Chef for a Day gift certificate is a wonderful present for your
   favorite cook. Remember, experience working in a kitchen isn’t
   necessary.
   Guest Chef Experience
   2pm start
   work mis-en-place next to the chefs
   4pm family meal with staff
   5pm pre service meeting
   7 pm exit after 1st seating
   FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

   What do I do when I am at Bâtard?  What will I cook?
   Being a Guest Chef for a Day is tailored to your interests.
   After your initial tour and meeting, you can spend your afternoon in
   the pastry
   or working in the kitchen preparing vegetables, creating various
   savories,
   tending sauces and finishing plates.
   Or you can spend your entire day in the area of the kitchen that
   interests you most.  Bâtard opens their kitchen doors to make this
   experience fun and welcoming — this is your opportunity to become a
   professional chef for a day!
   How much does it cost?
   The participation fee is $500, which entitles you to a five-hour
   shift.  Different packages are available should you wish to invite a
   friend (or friends) to join you for dinner later.
   How do I sign up and reserve a space? How do I cancel my reservation?
   Purchase a Guest Chef for a Day certificate from our website and we
   will send you a receipt and scheduling instructions. Available days and
   times are Monday through Thursday, with shifts beginning at 2:00 pm and
   ending at 7:00 pm. A mid-week date is recommended.
   Can I make this a gift for someone?
   Yes, you may purchase a Guest Chef for a Day gift certificate. Gift
   certificate information is included in the online form.  If you
   purchase a gift certificate, we can email the certificate directly to
   the recipient and include a special message from you.  Alternately, we
   are happy to email the certificate to you as well.
   Are there any limitations (age, health, etc.)?
   We ask that all Guest Chef for a Day participants be free from any
   colds or contagious illnesses.
   How can I pay for this program?
   You may pay online via credit card.
   What do I wear?
   Please dress comfortably. For safety reasons, we ask that Chefs refrain
   from wearing nylons or open-toed shoes. As guest chef, you will be
   wearing chef whites (a professional chef jacket and pants).
   How do I get to the restaurant? Is parking available?
   Bâtard is located at 239 West Broadway, just one block from parking at
   84 White St.  Alternately you can take subway.  We are located one
   block from the Canal St. A train and one block from the Franklin St. 1
   Train.
   Can I bring my friends?
   We have packages that allow you to invite and treat up to three guests
   to a gourmet dinner and wine pairing prepared by Chef Glocker that you
   can schedule at the end of your shift (at 7 pm).

   Please note:
   *Orders received after 4pm on Fridays will be fulfilled when the Myriad
   Group
   Corporate Office reopens on Monday at 10am.
   *There is a two-week advance notice needed to schedule the day and
   is based on availability of both parties. Not valid in the month of
   December.
   Questions? Comments?
   For more information contact our Special Events Manager or call
   212-219-9500.  Questions?  Please call 212-219-9500.  Once purchased,
   you will receive a certificate with details to arrange your experience.
   Fine Print.  Participants must be at least 18 years old. Purchaser does
   not have to specify the date of use:  the recipient must make prior
   arrangements with the chef to redeem a certificate.  Certificate valid
   only for Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.  In redeeming a
   certificate, participant acknowledges that a restaurant kitchen is an
   inherently dangerous place, with hot pans, open flame, hot liquids, and
   sharp knives.  Participants assume the risk inherent in working in such
   an environment.  Certificates are not redeemable for cash, food,
   merchandise, or gift certificates.
   markus guest chef

   reservations and gifts mobile section background image - batard
   exterior
   RESERVATIONS & GIFTS

Reservations & Gifts

   creme brulee
   ravioli
   markus prep
   beurre blanc pouring

Opentable

   Private Dining
   GUEST CHEF PROGRAM

Gift Cards

   RESERVATIONS
   Please do not hesitate to call us if you are unable to find a suitable
   time on-line, as our availability changes throughout the day.
   Our reservation lines are open:
   2pm - 10pm Mon-Sat
   Noon-10pm Sat
   For parties over 8 guests, please contact us directly so we can
   endeavor to best accommodate you.
   Due to space limitations, we are unable to accommodate prams in the
   restaurant.
   OPENTABLE
   PRIVATE DINING
   Private Dining
   Full Buyouts Only, Lunch or Dinner
   Enjoy Michelin-starred cuisine by Chef Markus Glocker in a beautiful
   Glen Coben-designed space redolent with a rich history.  Once home to
   the acclaimed Montrachet, Bâtard is now awash in tobacco-resin walls,
   dark-chocolate banquettes, and a warm, inviting glow.  Whether you are
   planning a 3-course luncheon or an elaborate 6-course dinner, we would
   be delighted to craft a bespoke experience for you. The space is
   available for full buyouts and can seat up to 60 guests for a variety
   of occasions.
   Standing capacity up to 90 guests.
   Available for lunch or dinner events, seven days a week.
   Bâtard is normally closed on Sundays so special pricing may be
   available.
   *for groups up to 20 guests who do not need private space please
   contact info@batardtribeca.com
   A Star Chef in Your Home & at Your Stove
   Bâtard is available for private, in-home events for parties of 6-14
   guests.  Have Markus Glocker, the Chef-Partner from James Beard Award
   Winning Bâtard, prepare a Michelin-starred 5-course dinner in your
   home.  For serious inquiries please contact Managing Partner John
   Winterman at jwinterman@myriadrg.com
   GUEST CHEF PROGRAM
   GIFT CARDS
   batard exterior
   Wine glasses table interior
   Batard wine toast
   RESERVATIONS
   Please do not hesitate to call us if you are unable to find a suitable
   time on-line, as our availability changes throughout the day.
   Our reservation lines are open:
   2pm - 10pm Mon-Sat
   Closed Sunday
   For parties over 8 guests, please contact us directly so we can
   endeavor to best accommodate you.
   Due to space limitations, we are unable to accommodate prams in the
   restaurant.
   Private Dining
   Full Buyouts Only, Lunch or Dinner
   Enjoy Michelin-starred cuisine by Chef Markus Glocker in a beautiful
   Glen Coben-designed space redolent with a rich history.  Once home to
   the acclaimed Montrachet, Bâtard is now awash in tobacco-resin walls,
   dark-chocolate banquettes, and a warm, inviting glow.  Whether you are
   planning a 3-course luncheon or an elaborate 6-course dinner, we would
   be delighted to craft a bespoke experience for you. The space is
   available for full buyouts and can seat up to 60 guests for a variety
   of occasions.

   Standing capacity up to 90 guests.
   Available for lunch or dinner events, seven days a week.
   Bâtard is normally closed on Sundays so special pricing may be
   available.
   *for groups up to 20 guests who do not need private space please
   contact info@batardtribeca.com
   A Star Chef in Your Home & at Your Stove
   Bâtard is available for private, in-home events for parties of 6-14
   guests.  Have Markus Glocker, the Chef-Partner from James Beard Award
   Winning Bâtard, prepare a Michelin-starred 5-course dinner in your
   home.  For serious inquiries please contact Managing Partner John
   Winterman at jwinterman@myriadrg.com
   batard management team outside
   markus prep black & white closeup
   beef red wine
   bartender pouring drink

   contact us mobile background image - chicken
   CONTACT
   batard slideshow fettucine
   batard slideshow lobster salad
   batard slideshow prawn asperagus
   batard location google map square

   IFRAME:
   https://www.google.com/maps/embed/v1/place?key=AIzaSyBMjowehwFaJtC7APJJ
   yTglg5NZSb8Na7Y&q=batard,west+broadway,New+York,NY

   239 West Broadway, Tribeca
   P: 212.219.2777

   IFRAME:
   https://www.google.com/maps/embed/v1/place?key=AIzaSyBMjowehwFaJtC7APJJ
   yTglg5NZSb8Na7Y&q=batard,west+broadway,New+York,NY

   hours box

Hours

   DINNER
   Monday - Wednesday: 5:30pm - 10:00pm
   Thursday - Saturday: 5:30pm - 10:30pm
   myriad restaurant group roster tribeca grill link nobu downtown link
   nobu london link nobu 57 link crush wine & spirits link myriad
   restaurant group roster

   Accessibility Notice

Corkage Policy

   ‍

   Free corkage Mondays at Bâtard

   As a perpetual ‘thank you’ to our neighborhood regulars and industry
   friends, we are happy to offer free corkage on Monday nights within the
   following parameters:

   - Free corkage applies to one 750 ml bottle per couple

   - Please kindly limit outside bottles to two 750 ml bottles or one
   magnum per table

   - Not applicable on holidays or during other special promotions
   including restaurant week

   *should you have any questions or special requests, please reach out to
   Wine Director Jason Jacobeit at jjacobeit@myriadrg.com

   ‍

   Our current wine list can be found here. We look forward to seeing you
   soon.

   ‍

Accessibility Notice

   Bâtard Restaurant strives to improve the usability and accessibility of
   its restaurant website for all users, including those with
   disabilities. Bâtard’s efforts to improve digital usability and
   accessibility are guided by the relevant portions of the Web Content
   Accessibility Guidelines 2.0, Level AA and other existing
   recommendations.

   Our efforts are ongoing and are tested on a periodic basis using
   various forms of assistive technology. Our testing tools include the
   JAWS Screen reader.

   If you experience difficulty accessing or using information on our
   website, please contact us at info@batardtribeca.com . In your message,
   please provide your contact information and a brief description of the
   problem you encountered.

   239 West Broadway, Tribeca, New York |+1 212 219
   2777 | info@batardtribeca.com
   batard location batard telephone batard email
   Reservations
