   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TDGJHK

   Skip to main content

   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   BMC
   Part of Springer Nature
   (BUTTON) Search
     * Explore journals
     * Get published
     * About BMC
     * My Account

   Search all BMC articles
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Search
   BMC Public Health
     * Home
     * About
     * Articles
     * Submission Guidelines
     * In Review

     * Research article
     * Open Access
     * Open Peer Review
     * Published: 16 February 2011

What factors are associated with recent intimate partner violence? findings
from the WHO multi-country study on women's health and domestic violence

     * Tanya Abramsky^1,
     * Charlotte H Watts^1,
     * Claudia Garcia-Moreno^2,
     * Karen Devries^1,
     * Ligia Kiss^1,
     * Mary Ellsberg^3,
     * Henrica AFM Jansen^4 &
     * Lori Heise^1

   BMC Public Healthvolume 11, Article number: 109 (2011) | Download
   Citation

Article metrics

     * 81k Accesses
     * 394 Citations
     * 34 Altmetric
     * Metrics details

Abstract

Background

   Intimate partner violence (IPV) against women is a global public health
   and human rights concern. Despite a growing body of research into risk
   factors for IPV, methodological differences limit the extent to which
   comparisons can be made between studies. We used data from ten
   countries included in the WHO Multi-country Study on Women's Health and
   Domestic Violence to identify factors that are consistently associated
   with abuse across sites, in order to inform the design of IPV
   prevention programs.

Methods

   Standardised population-based household surveys were done between 2000
   and 2003. One woman aged 15-49 years was randomly selected from each
   sampled household. Those who had ever had a male partner were asked
   about their experiences of physically and sexually violent acts. We
   performed multivariate logistic regression to identify predictors of
   physical and/or sexual partner violence within the past 12 months.

Results

   Despite wide variations in the prevalence of IPV, many factors affected
   IPV risk similarly across sites. Secondary education, high SES, and
   formal marriage offered protection, while alcohol abuse, cohabitation,
   young age, attitudes supportive of wife beating, having outside sexual
   partners, experiencing childhood abuse, growing up with domestic
   violence, and experiencing or perpetrating other forms of violence in
   adulthood, increased the risk of IPV. The strength of the association
   was greatest when both the woman and her partner had the risk factor.

Conclusions

   IPV prevention programs should increase focus on transforming gender
   norms and attitudes, addressing childhood abuse, and reducing harmful
   drinking. Development initiatives to improve access to education for
   girls and boys may also have an important role in violence prevention.
   Open Peer Review reports

Background

   Intimate partner violence (IPV) against women is a global human rights
   and public health concern. The WHO Multi-Country Study on Women's
   Health and Domestic Violence documented the widespread nature of IPV
   [1], with lifetime prevalence of physical and/or sexual partner
   violence among ever-partnered women in the fifteen sites surveyed
   ranging from 15% in Ethiopia province to 71% in Japan. Between 4%-54%
   of respondents reported experiencing this violence in the year prior to
   the survey. In addition to being a concern in its own right, IPV is
   associated with a range of adverse physical, mental, sexual and
   reproductive health outcomes [2–8].

   Designing effective IPV prevention programmes involves identification
   of risk factors--both those that are direct causes of IPV, and those
   that point to common characteristics of victims and/or perpetrators
   thus allowing appropriate tailoring and targeting of services. Studies
   in various countries have identified a range of factors that influence
   IPV risk [9–13], but in some cases, protective factors in one setting
   may be ineffective or actually increase risk in another [14]. For the
   purposes of intervention development, there is considerable interest in
   identifying a set of risk and protective factors for IPV that behave
   consistently across settings, to maximise chances of intervention
   success and minimise chances of inadvertently doing harm.

   It is difficult to make comparisons between settings using existing
   individual studies as differences in identified risk factors may either
   be methodological artefacts or a real reflection of contrasting
   phenomena. Selected Demographic and Health Surveys [12, 15] have added
   a Domestic Violence Module; however, country-level adaptations to the
   module and interviewer training procedures still limit their
   comparability. Standardisation is very important in a research field
   where even individual interviewer effects have a profound effect on
   level of disclosure[16].

   We use population-based data from the WHO Multi-Country Study on
   Women's Health and Domestic Violence, which was specifically designed
   to better understand the factors associated with violence in different
   settings. Comparability of data was maximised through use of a
   standardised questionnaire, standardised interviewer training and
   data-collection procedures across all participating sites, and a
   rigorous set of quality control procedures. We drew on current models
   of IPV risk, including those of Heise [17, 18] and Jewkes [19] to
   develop a 'relationship' approach to assessing IPV risk. The
   characteristics and experiences of both the victim and the perpetrator
   are considered - in terms of what happened to each before they entered
   into the relationship, and their relative situations within the
   relationship - alongside features and dynamics of the relationship
   itself (See Figure 1). Our goal is to identify factors that appear to
   consistently increase or decrease risk of partner violence across
   settings, and to identify where there are differences in patterns of
   association between sites.
   Figure 1
   figure1

   Predictors of current IPV - the 'relationship approach'.
   Full size image

Methods

   Details of the study methods, sampling, response rates, and prevalence
   of different types of partner violence in each setting have been
   reported elsewhere [1] (see Additional file 1). Briefly,
   population-based surveys were conducted in Bangladesh, Brazil,
   Ethiopia, Japan, Namibia, Peru, Republic of Tanzania, Samoa, Serbia and
   Montenegro, and Thailand. In five countries surveys were done in the
   capital or another large city and one predominantly rural province. In
   the other five countries, only one site was surveyed because of
   logistical and financial considerations.

   Trained female interviewers completed interviews with one randomly
   selected woman aged 15-49 from each sampled household. 24,097 women
   were interviewed in total, using a standardised questionnaire which was
   developed by the study team and translated into 14 languages.

   Specially developed ethical guidelines emphasised the importance of
   ensuring confidentiality and privacy, both to protect the safety of
   respondents and field staff and to improve the quality of the data
   [20]. Ethical approval for the study was obtained from WHO's ethical
   review group (WHO Secretariat Committee for Research in Human
   Subjects), from the local institutions and, where necessary, national
   ethical review boards.

Measures and Data Analysis

IPV Outcome

   Currently- or previously-partnered women were asked a series of
   questions about whether they had ever experienced specific violent acts
   (see Figure 2), and if so whether this had happened in the 12 months
   preceding the survey.^1 The analysis compared women who reported having
   experienced any act of physical and/or sexual violence in the past year
   (conceptualised as 'current violence') with women who did not report
   any partner violence ('current' versus 'never'). Those who had
   experienced partner violence during their lifetime but not in the past
   year were excluded from the analysis so as not to dilute associations.
   Figure 2
   figure2

   Operational definitions of intimate partner violence.
   Full size image

Risk-factors for IPV

   Variables are outlined in Figure 1, and consist of the woman's past
   history, her current/most recent partner's past history, the current
   situation of each of them (including relative status measures) and
   characteristics of the relationship and household. Variables were
   conceptualised as 'prior to relationship' if they preceded the
   relationship or 'current situation' if they related to the current
   situation within the relationship.

Analysis Strategy

   All analyses were conducted separately by study site, using STATA 10.0.
   We used bivariate logistic regression to estimate the crude
   associations between each exposure variable and IPV, and to select
   variables for the multivariate analysis. Multivariate logistic
   regression was then used to model factors associated with past year
   IPV, separately for 'prior to relationship' characteristics, and
   'current situation' variables. This chronological separation allowed us
   to explore the effects of the early-life exposures independently of the
   later-life variables, which may be on the causal pathway (and thus
   attenuate the associations) between early-life experiences and later
   IPV. Clustering of outcomes in each site was 'small' (all intra-class
   correlation coefficients were less than 0.06) [21]; hence we present
   results unadjusted for clustering.

   We included the same variables (decided upon a priori) across the
   site-models except for the addition of certain relationship
   characteristics (polygamy and bride price/dowry) that were only
   relevant in some sites. As our overall aim was to identify similarities
   and differences in patterns of association between settings, we did not
   attempt to fit the most parsimonious model for each site. Neither did
   we place too much emphasis on the statistical significance of
   individual associations. Instead we focused on exploring the extent to
   which, keeping all other features of the model constant, patterns of
   associations were similar or different between sites.

   When reporting results, we consider odds ratios (OR) between 0.95 > OR
   < 1.05 as indicative of no association, ORs of 1.05 or greater as
   risk-factors for IPV, and ORs of 0.95 or less as protective-factors for
   IPV. We use the terms risk- and protective-factors loosely to indicate
   the direction of association with IPV rather than to imply causality,
   as we are analysing cross-sectional data. Statistical significance is
   considered at the 5% level.

Results

   19,517 women reported having ever had a partner and were thus asked
   about partner violence. In total, having excluded women reporting
   lifetime but not past-year experience of violence, and those with
   missing data for key variables in the models, 15,207 women were
   included in the 'prior to relationship' analyses, and 15,058 in the
   'current situation' analyses (see Tables 1 and 2).
   Table 1 Descriptive data for 'prior to relationship' variables, and
   AORs* and 95%CIs for associations with current IPV among ever partnered
   women
   Full size table
   Table 2 Descriptive data for 'current situation' in relationship
   variables, and AORs* and 95%CIs for associations with current IPV among
   ever partnered women
   Full size table

   Percentage distributions and adjusted odds ratios for all variables in
   the multivariate models are presented in Table 1 (prior to
   relationship), and Tables 2 and 3 (current relationship).
   Table 3 Descriptive data for additional 'characteristics of union'
   variables, and AORs* and 95%CIs for associations with current IPV among
   cohabiting and married women
   Full size table

Prior to relationship

Education

   Bivariate analysis of educational level indicated a reduction in IPV
   risk associated with secondary education for both the woman and her
   partner, but showed less consistent evidence of a protective effect of
   primary education. Therefore, when considering the woman and her
   partners' education in combination, we focused on complete versus
   incomplete secondary education (except for Bangladesh, Ethiopia and
   Tanzania where we examined primary completion because of extremely low
   secondary school enrolment). Achieving secondary education (or primary
   for Bangladesh, Ethiopia and Tanzania) by either the woman or her
   partner was associated with decreased IPV in almost two thirds of the
   sites (3 significant for each partner), when compared to situations
   where neither the woman nor her partner completed the level. However,
   the most consistent protective effect against IPV was observed where
   both the woman and her partner had completed the relevant schooling
   level (decreased risk in 12/14 sites, 10 significant). This most highly
   educated exposure group also had the lowest ORs for IPV in 10 out of 14
   sites, compared to couples where one or both had not completed the
   level.

History of abuse

   A history of abuse was strongly associated with the occurrence of IPV,
   with reports of abuse of the woman's mother, her partners' mother, or
   both (compared to no known reported abuse of either mother) being
   associated with increased risk of IPV in all sites (10 sites
   significant for women, 10 for partners, 12 for both). ORs for IPV
   tended to be highest where women reported that both their mothers and
   their partners' mothers experienced abuse (observed in 10/15 sites).
   Evidence from bivariate analysis in most sites showed that women who
   did not know whether their partners had histories of abuse were also at
   increased risk of IPV compared to those who reported their partners did
   not have these experiences.

   Other experiences of violence were also associated with past year IPV,
   with a history of childhood sexual abuse of the woman, childhood
   beatings of her partner, or both consistently associated with increased
   risk of IPV, compared to no reports of abuse by either partner (15/15
   sites for partners, all significant; 13/15 for women and both, 10
   significant). Women in relationships where both she and her partner
   were abused in childhood are at the highest risk of IPV (true in 11/14
   sites), (see Table 1). These exposure categories often contained small
   numbers of women. When child sexual abuse is considered in isolation at
   the bivariate level, its association with IPV is significant in 14/15
   sites. Since CSA has also been linked to other intervening variables in
   the model, such as low educational attainment[22], the fact that CSA
   remains highly significant in the final model confirms it's importance
   as a risk factor for IPV.

   While small numbers in the extreme exposure categories for the abuse
   variables result in very wide confidence intervals for some of the ORs,
   the consistency of 'dose-response' patterns observed for all variables
   in this model provides compelling evidence of the combined importance
   of childhood experiences of both the woman and her partner in relation
   to IPV in later life.

Current situation model

Demographics

   Younger age of women was strongly associated with increased risk of
   past year IPV in all sites (significant in 12). A similar pattern was
   seen in bivariate analysis for partner's age but this variable was
   excluded from multivariate models due to its strong correlation with
   the woman's age. In contrast, associations between IPV and an age-gap
   of at least 5 years between the woman and her partner were weak in most
   settings and the direction of the effect was context dependent. Older
   age of the woman was often associated with increased risk of IPV, but
   in only three out of fifteen sites was older age of the partner
   associated with increased risk of IPV. Weak associations were also seen
   in the other direction for age-gaps favouring either the woman or her
   partner.

   There was some suggestion that inequality in educational level between
   a woman and her partner may increase her risk of experiencing IPV. This
   was true in nine out of 15 sites where the woman had the higher level
   of education (1 significant), and the same where her partner had the
   higher level. Associations tended to be weak, however, and some were
   also observed in the opposite direction.

   There was no consistent pattern of association between IPV and relative
   employment status. Compared to couples in which both partners work,
   couples where just the man works appear to experience slightly lower
   levels of IPV in some settings (8/14, 2 sig). In some settings women
   who work when their partners do not may be at increased risk of IPV
   (6/14 sites, 2 significant). There is some evidence that women in
   relationships where neither she nor her partner work are at increased
   risk of IPV (8/13 sites, 2 significant). However, non-significant
   associations in opposite directions are also observed for these
   variables.

   Higher socioeconomic status (SES) was associated with decreased IPV in
   fourteen sites (significant in 8 sites when comparing the highest
   status group to the lowest). This variable was more strongly associated
   with IPV before adjustment for other variables that may confound or
   mediate the effects of socioeconomic status on IPV risk.

Attitudes

   In almost all sites, women who had attitudes supportive of a husband
   beating his wife had increased odds of IPV (13/15, 8 significant).

Alcohol

   In all sites odds of IPV were higher in relationships where one or both
   partners had problems with alcohol, compared to relationships where
   neither of them did (him 14/14, 12 significant; her 10/11, 5
   significant; both 11/11, 7 significant). In the majority of sites
   frequent drunkenness among men yielded higher ORs for IPV than
   problematic drinking by the woman (8/11), and in ten of the eleven
   sites ORs were higher when both had problems with alcohol.

Non-partner violence

   Both a woman's experience of non-partner violence and her partner's
   involvement in fights with other men emerged as strong risk factors for
   IPV. Women's experiences of non-partner physical or sexual abuse over
   the age of 15 emerged as a risk-factor for IPV in almost all sites
   (14/15, 10 significant and 12/13, 6 significant respectively).
   Likewise, women whose partners were involved in a fight with another
   man in the past year experienced higher levels of IPV than those with
   partners who did not fight (significant in 13/15 sites). These factors
   were more strongly associated with IPV risk in the bivariate analysis.
   It is likely that both IPV and non-partner violence share common
   antecedents, such as CSA in the case of women, or a history of
   antisocial personality and alcohol abuse among men, which may account
   for all or part of this association [23, 24]

Other relationships

   Women with children from previous relationships were at increased risk
   of experiencing IPV in most sites (12/14, with 2 significant ORs).
   Women whose partners had had relationships with other women during
   their relationship also experienced higher levels of IPV than women
   with faithful partners (significant in 14/15 sites). Lack of
   knowledge/disclosure about a partner's involvement with other women was
   also associated with increased IPV in most sites.

Characteristics of the union

   Women who were cohabiting with a partner without being formally married
   were at increased risk of IPV (10/12 sites, 3 significant). By
   contrast, women not living with their partners experienced lower levels
   of IPV (8/9 sites, 2 significant). There was some suggestion that those
   in newer relationships were at increased risk of IPV, with higher
   levels of IPV in relationships of less than five years compared to
   longer relationships, in half of the sites (mostly non-significant).
   There were also several sites where weak associations in the opposite
   direction were seen for the newest relationships (5).

   A woman's participation in her choice of husband was associated with
   IPV differently across sites. In 6 out of 15 sites her lack of
   participation was associated with higher levels of IPV (3 significant),
   while in 8 sites it was associated with decreased IPV (1 significant).

   Payment of dowry and bride price (compared to no marital exchange) was
   associated with IPV in some sites, though patterns of risk were
   difficult to interpret. In the 6 sites where dowry was paid, it was
   associated with higher levels of IPV in 4 sites (3 significant) and
   lower IPV in 1 site (not significant). Bride price was associated with
   decreased IPV in 4 sites (2 significant) and increased IPV in two sites
   (neither significant).

   Women whose husbands had more than one wife were at increased risk of
   IPV in all 6 sites where polygamy is practised (3 statistically
   significant). The same was true for women who reported not knowing
   whether their husbands had other wives, compared to those who knew.

Discussion

   Despite the wide variations in the prevalence of IPV across the study
   sites, many risk factors appear to affect IPV risk similarly, with
   secondary education, high SES, and formal marriage offering protection,
   and alcohol abuse, cohabitation, young age, attitudes supporting wife
   beating, outside sexual relationships, experiencing childhood abuse,
   growing up with domestic violence, and perpetrating or experiencing
   other forms of violence in adulthood, increasing the risk of IPV. We
   also found that the strength of the association was greater when both
   the woman and her partner had the risk or protective factor, suggesting
   the possibility of achieving greater prevention impact through
   targeting programs to couples most at risk.

   Overall, our analysis demonstrates far more consistency in risk and
   protective factors across sites than reported by Hindin and Kishor in
   their analysis of violence among couples from 10 recent Demographic and
   Health Surveys (DHS) [12]. Among the factors they examined, only
   alcohol consumption by the husband and exposure to inter-parental
   violence were consistently associated with a woman's risk of violence
   in her current relationship. The WHO study explored a wider range of
   potential risk and protective factors and was able to exert greater
   control over the training of interviewers and study implementation.
   Research has shown that disclosure of partner violence is highly
   influenced by interviewer factors as well as privacy and context of the
   interview--factors that are more difficult to control in national
   surveys designed for other purposes [16, 25, 26]. For this reason,
   underreporting and misclassification of abuse cases may have obscured
   some of the associations in the DHS analysis.

   Our analysis confirms that completing secondary education has a
   protective effect on IPV risk, whereas primary education alone fails to
   confer similar benefits [27]. Studies in the USA and South Africa, for
   example, find an inverted U-shaped relationship between IPV and
   education, whereby protection from IPV is seen at the lowest and
   highest educational levels [28, 29]. Results suggesting increased
   protection when both women and their partners complete secondary
   education, and those pointing towards increased IPV risk where there is
   disparity in educational attainment, confirm the importance of
   promoting equal access to education for boys and girls, as recommended
   by target 4 of the Gender Equality Goal of the Millennium Development
   Goals.

   Higher socioeconomic status is generally associated with lower levels
   of physical and/or sexual partner violence. Even if it is not an
   independent or proximate risk factor but one that is partially
   confounded by or mediated through other factors (as suggested by the
   multivariate analysis), socioeconomic status of households should be
   taken into account when designing and targeting IPV intervention
   programmes [27].

   Early life experiences of abuse (including the physical abuse of boys
   and the sexual abuse of girls) emerge as consistently strong risk
   factors for IPV. In order to intervene in this inter-generational cycle
   of abuse, interventions must address childhood abuse and respond
   appropriately to children who have witnessed IPV against their mothers.
   Although the importance of the sexual abuse of children and the
   witnessing of marital violence by children has been documented in other
   studies, the potential importance of the physical abuse of boys has
   received less attention and merits further exploration. The consistent
   association between IPV and other forms of violence against women also
   point to the need for integrated responses to violence across sectors
   and programmes [30, 31]. For example, programming to support children
   exposed to marital violence, may help reduce their risk of violence in
   later life.

   Male behaviours commonly associated with 'traditional' masculinity
   [32], such as having many sexual partners, controlling female
   behaviour, and fighting other men, are strongly associated with IPV
   across all sites. Women having children from another partnership, or,
   in some settings, working when her partner does not, also appear to
   increase her risk of IPV. These results highlight the need to engage
   with men and women to challenge norms around what is expected of, and
   deemed acceptable behaviour for both men and women. Promising research
   from Brazil, South Africa and Uganda highlights the potential impacts
   on partner violence, of programmes that tackle models of masculinity
   and address issues of gender norms [33].

   Problematic alcohol use, among both women and their partners, is
   consistently and strongly associated with IPV. While it is difficult to
   establish the temporality of the observed associations, this
   relationship has been repeatedly been demonstrated in studies of IPV
   [12, 34–36]. Health services, police and addiction programmes may
   therefore provide important entry points to identify and refer people
   who may be at risk of IPV. Interventions that try to address and change
   cultural norms supportive of excessive alcohol use might also be
   expected to have knock-on effects in terms of primary violence
   prevention [37].

   Importantly, not all variables demonstrated consistent relationships
   with IPV across sites, suggesting that policymakers should be cautious
   about any 'one model fits all' approach to IPV prevention. For example,
   risk associated with age disparity among partners, a woman working
   where her partner does not, and a woman taking an active role in
   choosing her partner, varies by setting. What constitutes empowerment
   in one setting may represent an unacceptable transgression of gender
   norms elsewhere. Jewkes highlights that transgression of gender norms
   and failure to fulfil cultural expectations of good womanhood and
   successful manhood are among the most important triggers for intimate
   partner violence [19]. She argues that what constitutes a transgression
   may vary by setting, thus leading to cross-national variation in the
   behaviours that may emerge as risk factors. The fact that we sometimes
   but not invariably observe increased IPV risk associated with the
   higher relative status of a woman (for example if she works and her
   partner does not) can also be interpreted in the light of theories that
   risk of partner violence may increase during periods of transition in
   gender relations. Women who step into new roles before background
   gender norms have shifted may be at increased risk of violence [38]. It
   is thus important that prevention efforts engage with both men and
   women [19].

Strengths and Limitations

   The primary strength of our analysis is that it is based on fully
   comparable data from 15 culturally, economically and socially diverse
   sites. This type of comparison has not been possible to date in the
   field of IPV research, with the exception of the less tightly
   controlled DHS surveys. Obviously, the cross-sectional nature of this
   study limits the extent to which we can draw conclusions regarding
   temporality or the causal nature of observed associations. However, by
   distinguishing between early life and current characteristics, we do
   separate out those factors where temporality is clear from those where
   it is less certain.

   A further limitation is that the study interviewed only women, and
   hence relies on women's reports of their partner's characteristics. The
   data on partner characteristics refers to the woman's current or most
   recent partner, who in some cases may not be the perpetrator of the
   reported violence. Since the analysis considers only past year IPV,
   however, the number of cases where the reported violence was
   perpetrated by a more distant partner is likely to be small. Any
   resulting misclassification would bias results towards the null rather
   than invalidate observed associations.

Conclusions

   The multi-faceted nature of the factors that influence partner violence
   highlights the need for a multi-sectoral response that combines
   development activities, including improved access to secondary
   education for girls and boys, with initiatives to transform gender
   norms and attitudes, address prior histories of abuse, and reduce
   harmful drinking. Since risk of IPV is highest in younger women,
   schools are also an important setting for primary prevention
   activities, with potential to address issues of relationships, gender
   roles, power and coercion within existing youth violence and bullying
   programmes. Although there is no magic bullet to reduce partner
   violence, the consistency of our findings across sites suggests that a
   prevention strategy, once validated and refined, might have relevance
   in a wide range of settings. Initiatives to reduce partner violence
   require commitment and vision--by the international community, local
   governments and civil society. The time to act is now. As highlighted
   in the recent UN Campaign against violence against women--Women Won't
   Wait--such responses are urgently needed.

Note

   ^1Women were defined as ever partnered if they had ever been married or
   lived with a partner (and therefore had been at risk of intimate
   partner violence). In practice, this definition varied slightly between
   countries in accordance with local notions of partnerships.

Abbreviations

   IPV:
          intimate partner violence

   CSA:
          childhood sexual abuse

   DHS:
          Demographic and Health Survey

   SES:
          socioeconomic status

   WHO:
          World Health Organisation

   UN:
          United Nations

References

    1. 1.
       Garcia-Moreno C, Jansen HA, Ellsberg M, Heise L, Watts CH:
       Prevalence of intimate partner violence: findings from the WHO
       multi-country study on women's health and domestic violence.
       Lancet. 2006, 368 (9543): 1260-1269. 10.1016/S0140-6736(06)69523-8.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2.
       Mayhew S, Watts C: Global rhetoric and individual realities:
       linking violence against women and reproductive health. Health
       policy in a globalising world. Edited by: Lee K, Buse K, S F. 2002,
       Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 159-180.
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3.
       Campbell J, Jones AS, Dienemann J, Kub J, Schollenberger J, O'Campo
       P, Gielen AC, Wynne C: Intimate partner violence and physical
       health consequences. Arch Intern Med. 2002, 162 (10): 1157-1163.
       10.1001/archinte.162.10.1157.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4.
       Ellsberg M, Jansen HA, Heise L, Watts CH, Garcia-Moreno C: Intimate
       partner violence and women's physical and mental health in the WHO
       multi-country study on women's health and domestic violence: an
       observational study. Lancet. 2008, 371 (9619): 1165-1172.
       10.1016/S0140-6736(08)60522-X.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5.
       Maman S, Campbell J, Sweat MD, Gielen AC: The intersections of HIV
       and violence: directions for future research and interventions. Soc
       Sci Med. 2000, 50 (4): 459-478. 10.1016/S0277-9536(99)00270-1.
          + CAS
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6.
       Garcia-Moreno C, Watts C: Violence against women: its importance
       for HIV/AIDS. AIDS. 2000, 14 (Suppl 3): S253-265.
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7.
       Jewkes RK, Levin JB, Penn-Kekana LA: Gender inequalities, intimate
       partner violence and HIV preventive practices: findings of a South
       African cross-sectional study. Soc Sci Med. 2003, 56 (1): 125-134.
       10.1016/S0277-9536(02)00012-6.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8.
       Dunkle KL, Jewkes RK, Brown HC, Gray GE, McIntryre JA, Harlow SD:
       Gender-based violence, relationship power, and risk of HIV
       infection in women attending antenatal clinics in South Africa.
       Lancet. 2004, 363 (9419): 1415-1421. 10.1016/S0140-6736(04)16098-4.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9.
       Koenig MA, Stephenson R, Ahmed S, Jejeebhoy SJ, Campbell J:
       Individual and contextual determinants of domestic violence in
       North India. American Journal of Public Health. 2006, 96 (1): 1-7.
          + Article
          + Google Scholar
   10. 10.
       Naved RT, Persson LA: Factors associated with spousal physical
       violence against women in Bangladesh. Studies in Family Planning.
       2005, 36 (4): 289-300. 10.1111/j.1728-4465.2005.00071.x.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11.
       Parish WL, Wang T, Laumann EO, Pan S, Luo Y: Intimate partner
       violence in China: National prevalence, risk factors and associated
       health problems. International Family Planning Perspectives. 2004,
       30 (4): 174-181. 10.1363/3017404.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12.
       Hindin M, Kishor S, Ansara D: Intimate partner violence among
       couples in 10 DHS countries: Predictors and health outcomes. DHS
       Analytical Studies No 18. 2008, Calverton, MD: Macro International
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13.
       Stith S, Smith D, Penn C, Ward D, Tritt D: Intimate partner
       physical abuse perpetration and victimization risk factors: A
       meta-analytic review. Aggression and Violent Behavior. 2004, 10
       (1): 65-98. 10.1016/j.avb.2003.09.001.
          + Article
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14.
       Koenig MA, Ahmed S, Hossain MB, Khorshed Alam Mozumder AB: Women's
       status and domestic violence in rural Bangladesh: individual- and
       community-level effects. Demography. 2003, 40 (2): 269-288.
       10.1353/dem.2003.0014.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15.
       Kishor S, Johnson K: Profiling domestic violence: A multicountry
       study. 2004, Calverton, Maryland, USA: ORC Macro
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16.
       Ellsberg M, Heise L, Pena R, Agurto S, Winkvist A: Researching
       domestic violence against women: methodological and ethical
       considerations. Stud Fam Plann. 2001, 32 (1): 1-16.
       10.1111/j.1728-4465.2001.00001.x.
          + CAS
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17.
       Heise LL: Violence against women: an integrated, ecological
       framework. Violence Against Women. 1998, 4 (3): 262-290.
       10.1177/1077801298004003002.
          + CAS
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18.
       Urbina: Conflict within intimacy a socio-demographic analysis of
       male involvement in physical intimate partner violence in Mexico.
       2005
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19.
       Jewkes R: Intimate partner violence: causes and prevention. Lancet.
       2002, 359 (9315): 1423-1429. 10.1016/S0140-6736(02)08357-5.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20.
       WHO: Putting women's safety first: ethical and safety
       recommendations for research on domestic violence against women.
       1999, Geneva: World Health Organization
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21.
       Hox J: Multilevel analysis: techniques and applications. 2002, New
       Jersey: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22.
       Messman-Moore TL, Long PJ: The role of childhood sexual abuse
       sequelae in the sexual revictimization of women - An empirical
       review and theoretical reformulation. Clin Psychol Rev. 2003, 23
       (4): 537-571. 10.1016/S0272-7358(02)00203-9.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23.
       Fargo JD: Pathways to adult sexual revictimization: direct and
       indirect behavioral risk factors across the lifespan. J Interpers
       Violence. 2009, 24 (11): 1771-1791. 10.1177/0886260508325489.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24.
       Capaldi D, Kim H, Pears K: The association of partner violence to
       child maltreatment: A common conceptual framework. Preventing
       Partner Violence: Research and Evidence-based Intervention
       Strategies. Edited by: Whitaker DK, Lutzker J. 2009, Washington DC:
       American Psychological Association
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25.
       Andersson N, Cockcroft A, Ansari N, Omer K, Chaudhry UU, Khan A,
       Pearson L: Collecting reliable information about violence against
       women safely in household interviews: experience from a large-scale
       national survey in South Asia. Violence Against Women. 2009, 15
       (4): 482-496. 10.1177/1077801208331063.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   26. 26.
       Jansen HAFM, Watts C, Ellsberg M, Heise L, Garcia-Moreno C:
       Interviewer training in the WHO Multi-country Study on Women's
       Health and Domestic Violence. Violence against Women. 2004, 10 (7):
       831-849. 10.1177/1077801204265554.
          + Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27.
       Vyas S, Watts C: How does economic empowerment affect women's risk
       of intimate partner violence in low and middle income country
       settings?: A systematic review of published evidence. J Int Dev.
       2009, 21: 577-602. 10.1002/jid.1500.
          + Article
          + Google Scholar
   28. 28.
       Straus M, Gelles R, Steinmetz S: Behind closed doors: violence in
       the American family. 1980, New York: Anchor Press
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29.
       DoH: South Africa Demographic and Health Survey 1998: final report.
       2002, Pretoria: Department of Health
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30.
       Harvey A, Garcia Moreno C, Butchart A: Primary prevention of
       intimate partner violence and sexual violence: Background paper for
       WHO expert meeting May 2-3, 2007. 2007, Geneva: World Health
       Organization, Department of Violence and Injuy Prevention and
       Disability
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31.
       Krug EG, Mercy JA, Dahlberg LL, Zwi AB: The world report on
       violence and health. Lancet. 2002, 360 (9339): 1083-1088.
       10.1016/S0140-6736(02)11133-0.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32.
       Barker G, Ricardo C: Young men and the construction of masculinity
       in sub-saharan africa: Implications for HIV/AIDS, conflict and
       violence. Conflict prevention and reconstruction. 2005, Washington
       D.C.: The World Bank
          + Google Scholar
   33. 33.
       Barker G, Ricardo C, Nascimento M, Olukoya A, Santos C: Questioning
       gender norms with men to improve health outcomes: Evidence of
       impact. Global Public Health: An International Journal for
       Research, Policy and Practice. 2010, 5: 539-553.
          + CAS
          + Article
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34.
       Foran HM, O'Leary KD: Alcohol and intimate partner violence: a
       meta-analytic review. Clin Psychol Rev. 2008, 28 (7): 1222-1234.
       10.1016/j.cpr.2008.05.001.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35.
       Gil-Gonzalez D, Vives-Cases C, Alvarez-Dardet C, Latour-Perez J:
       Alcohol and intimate partner violence: do we have enough
       information to act?. Eur J Public Health. 2006, 16 (3): 278-284.
       10.1093/eurpub/ckl016.
          + Article
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36.
       Leonard KE: Alcohol and intimate partner violence: When can we say
       that heavy drinking is a contributing cause of violence?.
       Addiction. 2005, 100: 422-425. 10.1111/j.1360-0443.2005.00994.x.
          + Article
          + PubMed
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37.
       Room R: Alcohol in developing societies: A public health approach.
       2003, Geneva: World Health Organization
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38.
       Counts D, Brown J, Campbell J: Sanctions and Sanctuary. 1992,
       Boulder: Westview Press
          + Google Scholar

Pre-publication history

    1. The pre-publication history for this paper can be accessed
       here:http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2458/11/109/prepub

   Download references

Acknowledgements

   The study was only possible because of the dedication and hard work of
   all of those involved, both internationally and in the countries
   concerned. We would like to acknowledge and thank the more than 24 000
   women who participated in the study, and who gave their time to answer
   our questions and shared their life experiences with us. Implementation
   of the study involved many people in the participating institutions. We
   would like to acknowledge the collaborating institutions and the hard
   work and dedication of the country Principal Investigators: Bangladesh:
   Ruchira Tabassum Naved and Abbas Bhuiya (ICDDR,B: Centre for Health and
   Population Research, Dhaka), Safia Azim (Naripokkho, Dhaka) and Lars
   Ake Persson (Uppsala University, Sweden); Brazil: Lilia Blima
   Schraiber, Ana Flavia Lucas D'Oliveira and Ivan França-Junior
   (University of São Paulo, São Paulo), Carmen Simone Grilo Diniz
   (Feminist Collective for Health and Sexuality, São Paulo), Ana Paula
   Portella (SOS Corpo Genero e Cidadania, Recife), Ana Bernarda Ludermir
   (Federal University of Pernambuco, Recife); Ethiopia: Yemane Berhane,
   Negussie Deyessa, Yegomawork Goyasse, Atalay Alem, Derege Kebede and
   Alemayehu Negash (Addis Ababa University, Addis Ababa), Ulf Hogberg,
   Gunnar Kullgren and Maria Emmelin (Umeå University, Sweden), Mary
   Ellsberg (PATH, Washington, DC, USA); Japan: Mieko Yoshihama
   (University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, USA), Saori Kamano (National
   Institute of Population and Social Security Research, Tokyo), Hiroko
   Akiyama (University of Tokyo, Tokyo), Fumi Hayashi (Toya Eiwa
   University, Tokyo), Tamie Kaino (Ochanomizu University, Tokyo), Tomoko
   Yunomae (Japan Accountability Caucus, Beijing, Tokyo); Namibia: Eveline
   January, Hetty Rose-Junius and Johan Van Wyk (Ministry of Health and
   Social Services, Windhoek), Alvis Weerasinghe (National Planning
   Commission, Windhoek); Peru: Ana Güezmes García (Centro de la Mujer
   Flora Tristan, Lima), Nancy Palomino Ramirez and Miguel Ramos Padilla
   (Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia, Lima); Samoa Tina
   Tauasosi-Posiulai, Tima Levai-Peteru, Dorothy Counts and Chris McMurray
   (Secretariat of the Pacific Community); Serbia and Montenegro:
   Stanislava Otaševic and Silvia Koso (Autonomous Women's Center Against
   Sexual Violence, Belgrade), Viktorija Cucic (University of Belgrade,
   Belgrade); Thailand: Churnrurtai Kanchanachitra, Kritaya Archavanitkul
   and Wassana Im-em (Mahidol University, Bangkok), Usa Lerdsrisanthat
   (Foundation for Women, Bangkok); The United Republic of Tanzania:
   Jessie Mbwambo and Gideon Kwesigabo (Muhimbili College of Medical
   Sciences), Joe Lugalla (University of New Hampshire, Durham, USA),
   Sherbanu Kassim (Women's Research and Documentation Project, Dar es
   Salaam).We also gratefully acknowledge the interviewers and other
   office and field staff in the countries, who all worked with immense
   dedication and commitment to ensure the successful implementation of
   the study.

   The study was supported with funding provided to WHO from the
   Governments of the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, and the
   UK, and the Rockefeller Foundation (who also provided the use of their
   meeting place in Bellagio in May, 2004, for a meeting of the WHO VAW
   Study team). WHO provided the funding for the implementation of the
   study in 6 of the 8 initial countries: Brazil, Japan, Namibia, Peru,
   Thailand, and the United Republic of Tanzania, with some of these
   countries receiving additional funds from local sources. In Bangladesh,
   the study was funded by the Urban Primary Health Care project of the
   Government of Bangladesh; in Ethiopia by the Swedish Agency for
   Research Cooperation with Developing Countries (SAREC/Sida); in Samoa,
   by the United Nations Fund for Population Activities (UNFPA); and in
   Serbia and Montenegro, by Trocaire.

Author information

Affiliations

    1. London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, 15-17 Tavistock
       Place, London, WC1H 9SH, UK
          + Tanya Abramsky
          + , Charlotte H Watts
          + , Karen Devries
          + , Ligia Kiss
          +  & Lori Heise
    2. WHO, Avenue Appia 20, 1211, Geneva 27, Switzerland
          + Claudia Garcia-Moreno
    3. International Centre for Research on Women, 1120 20thSt NW, Suite
       500 North, Washington D.C., 20036, USA
          + Mary Ellsberg
    4. Geneva, Switzerland
          + Henrica AFM Jansen

Authors

    1. Search for Tanya Abramsky in:
          + PubMed •
          + Google Scholar
    2. Search for Charlotte H Watts in:
          + PubMed •
          + Google Scholar
    3. Search for Claudia Garcia-Moreno in:
          + PubMed •
          + Google Scholar
    4. Search for Karen Devries in:
          + PubMed •
          + Google Scholar
    5. Search for Ligia Kiss in:
          + PubMed •
          + Google Scholar
    6. Search for Mary Ellsberg in:
          + PubMed •
          + Google Scholar
    7. Search for Henrica AFM Jansen in:
          + PubMed •
          + Google Scholar
    8. Search for Lori Heise in:
          + PubMed •
          + Google Scholar

Corresponding author

   Correspondence to Tanya Abramsky.

Additional information

Competing interests

   The authors declare that they have no competing interests.

Authors' contributions

   CG-M, HAFMJ, ME, LH and CHW all participated in the study design and
   implementation. CG-M was the study coordinator. HAFMJ set up and
   supported data collection and processing in the countries and managed
   the central database. TA carried out the statistical analysis for this
   paper and drafted the manuscript. LH and CW helped draft the
   manuscript. KD and LK provided support with the statistical analysis
   and helped draft the manuscript. CG-M reviewed a draft of the
   manuscript. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.

Electronic supplementary material

Additional file 1: Prevalence of physical and/or sexual intimate partner
violence among ever-partnered women, by site. Prevalence data on lifetime and
past-year experience of physical and/or sexual intimate partner violence
among ever-partnered women for each of the sites included in the WHO study.
These data are among those core study findings previously published in the
Lancet (Garcia-Moreno C, Jansen HA, Ellsberg M, Heise L, Watts CH: Prevalence
of intimate partner violence: findings from the WHO multi-country study on
women's health and domestic violence. Lancet 2006, 368(9543):1260-1269. (DOC
36 KB)

Authors’ original submitted files for images

   Below are the links to the authors’ original submitted files for
   images.

Authors’ original file for figure 1

Authors’ original file for figure 2

Rights and permissions

   This article is published under license to BioMed Central Ltd. This is
   an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative
   Commons Attribution License
   (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits
   unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium,
   provided the original work is properly cited.

   Reprints and Permissions

About this article

     * Received
       18 October 2010
     * Accepted
       16 February 2011
     * Published
       16 February 2011
     * DOI
       https://doi.org/10.1186/1471-2458-11-109

Keywords

     * Intimate Partner Violence
     * Domestic Violence
     * Partner Violence
     * Wife Beating
     * Intimate Partner Violence Prevention

   Download PDF

Associated Content

   Section

Health behavior, health promotion and society

   Advertisement
   Advertisement

BMC Public Health

   ISSN: 1471-2458

Contact us

     * Submission enquiries: Access here and click Contact Us
     * General enquiries: info@biomedcentral.com

     * Read more on our blogs
     * Receive BMC newsletters
     * Manage article alerts
     * Language editing for authors
     * Scientific editing for authors

     * Policies
     * Accessibility
     * Press center

     * Support and Contact
     * Leave feedback
     * Careers

Follow BMC

     * BMC Twitter page
     * BMC Facebook page
     * BMC Weibo page

   By using this website, you agree to our Terms and Conditions, Privacy
   statement and Cookies policy. Manage the cookies we use in the
   preference centre.
   Springer Nature

   © 2019 BioMed Central Ltd unless otherwise stated. Part of Springer
   Nature.

   [nature.png]
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TDGJHK

   Skip to main content

   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   BMC
   Part of Springer Nature
   (BUTTON) Search
     * Explore journals
     * Get published
     * About BMC
     * My Account

   Search all BMC articles
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Search

BMC Public Health

     * Home
     * About
     * Articles
     * Submission Guidelines
     * In Review

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   Submit manuscript
   New Content Item

BMC Public Health is Recruiting new Associate Editors

   Click here to learn more about the role and what the requirements are.

   Click here to complete the Application Form.

Vaping epidemic a major threat to public health

   New Content Item

   Flickr: Sarah Johnson

   12^th September 2019: A sixth person has died from lung disease which
   may be related to vaping.

   Since last week, more than 450 possible cases of lung illness
   associated with e-cigarettes have been reported across the US. Although
   a cause has not been identified and a clear connection between the
   reported deaths has not been made, all cases have used e-cigarettes,
   with some also containing cannabinoid products.

   The FDA is taking action to stop what is being called a vaping
   epidemic.

   Want to learn more about vaping? Visit our dedicated page to view
   research published in BMC Public Health.
   Read More

Featured article & blog: What are the characteristics of patients with Lyme
disease in England and Wales?

   New Content Item In this study, John Tulloch et. al. describe the
   sociodemographics of a population in England and Wales affected by Lyme
   disease and how patients with the disease are managed within hospitals
   and the NHS.

   Learn more in John Tulloch's blog on the study.

Call for Papers: Developments in Global Tobacco and Alcohol Policy

   New Content Item

   BMC Public Health is pleased to announce an upcoming cross-journal
   series to focus on tobacco and alcohol policy. Read the full 'Call for
   Papers' description for more information.
   Read More

Call for Papers: Environmental Justice and Policy Research

   New Content Item

   BMC Public Health is delighted to announce the launch of a new thematic
   series. Read the full 'Call for Papers' description for more
   information.
   Read More

Featured collection: Ebola research highlights

   New Content Item On 17 July 2019, the Ebola virus disease outbreak in
   the Democratic Republic of the Congo was declared a Public Health
   Emergency of International Concern by the World Health Organization.
   Please click here to find relevant research published in BMC Public
   Health and other journals.
   New Content Item

Associate Editor Acknowledgements

   In recognition for their outstanding work, please see our most
   active Associate Editors for the year 2018.
   New Content Item

Section Editor Highlights

   Take a look at the highlighted papers as chosen by the journal's
   Section Editors.
   New Content Item

Press Releases

   Take a look at published papers that have received national and
   international press coverage.
   New Content Item

Call for Papers for two new sections!

   - Social determinants of health

   - Mental health
   New Content Item

   Pixabay

Featured article: “They’re always there”: resident experiences of living with
rats in a disadvantaged urban neighbourhood

   The presence of rats in urban centers may have several consequences on
   the physical and mental health of residents living in close contact
   with them. These effects may be exacerbated with continued contact with
   rats and when residents perceive a lack of initiative to control rats
   in their neighborhood.

   Learn more here from the authors of the study.
   New Content Item

   Pixabay

Featured article: “You feel like you’re part of something bigger”: exploring
motivations for community garden participation in Melbourne, Australia

   Motivations for community garden participation are diverse and span a
   range of ancestral, social, environmental and political domains. One of
   the study’s authors, Dr Jonathan Kingsley, discusses the study further
   here.

Featured article: How many cigarettes are there in a bottle of wine?

   The well-established link between cancer and tobacco may provide a way
   to help explain possible links between alcohol and cancer, and raise
   public awareness of alcohol-associated cancer risks.

   Theresa Hydes discusses their novel research in the following blog.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/F5VetBmlJBk

Visit Our Open Access Public Health Research Page

   New Content Item Visit our page dedicated to highlights from over 60
   Public Health and related Open Access Journals.

Articles

     * Recent
     * Most accessed

    1. Content type: Research article
         |   26 September 2019

Impact of rurality on diabetes screening in the US
       Authors: Phoebe Tran, Lam Tran and Liem Tran
    2. Content type: Research article
         |   20 September 2019

Income inequality and mass shootings in the United States
       Authors: Roy Kwon and Joseph F. Cabrera
    3. Content type: Research article
         |   18 September 2019

Prevalence of hearing loss and use of hearing aids among children and
adolescents in Germany: a systematic review
       Authors: C. Schmucker, P. Kapp, E. Motschall, J. Loehler and J. J.
       Meerpohl
    4. Content type: Research article
         |   18 September 2019

Contact screening and risk factors for TB among the household contact of
children with active TB: a way to find source case and new TB cases
       Authors: Madeeha Laghari, Syed Azhar Syed Sulaiman, Amer Hayat
       Khan, Bandeh Ali Talpur, Zohra Bhatti and Naheed Memon
    5. Content type: Technical advance
         |   18 September 2019

A behavioral design approach to improving a Chagas disease vector control
campaign in Peru
       Authors: Alison M. Buttenheim, Michael Z. Levy, Ricardo
       Castillo-Neyra, Molly McGuire, Amparo M. Toledo Vizcarra, Lina M.
       Mollesaca Riveros, Julio Meza, Katty Borrini-Mayori, Cesar Naquira,
       Jere Behrman and Valerie A. Paz-Soldan

   Most recent articles RSS

   View all articles
    1. Content type: Research article
         |   8 August 2011

Porn video shows, local brew, and transactional sex: HIV risk among youth in
Kisumu, Kenya
       Authors: Carolyne Njue, Helene ACM Voeten and Pieter Remes
    2. Content type: Research article
         |   18 June 2012

The weight of nations: an estimation of adult human biomass
       Authors: Sarah Catherine Walpole, David Prieto-Merino, Phil
       Edwards, John Cleland, Gretchen Stevens and Ian Roberts
    3. Content type: Research article
         |   25 January 2012

Health literacy and public health: A systematic review and integration of
definitions and models
       Authors: Kristine Sørensen, Stephan Van den Broucke, James Fullam,
       Gerardine Doyle, Jürgen Pelikan, Zofia Slonska and Helmut Brand
    4. Content type: Research article
         |   25 April 2011

Malnutrition among children under the age of five in the Democratic Republic
of Congo (DRC): does geographic location matter?
       Authors: Ngianga-Bakwin Kandala, Tumwaka P Madungu, Jacques BO
       Emina, Kikhela PD Nzita and Francesco P Cappuccio
    5. Content type: Research article
         |   31 January 2011

Mobile phone use and stress, sleep disturbances, and symptoms of depression
among young adults - a prospective cohort study
       Authors: Sara Thomée, Annika Härenstam and Mats Hagberg

   Most accessed articles RSS

   View all articles

Aims and scope

   BMC Public Health is an open access, peer-reviewed journal that
   considers articles on the epidemiology of disease and the understanding
   of all aspects of public health. The journal has a special focus on the
   social determinants of health, the environmental, behavioral, and
   occupational correlates of health and disease, and the impact of health
   policies, practices and interventions on the community.
   New Content Item

Trending Articles

   Click here to view which Articles have been shared the most in the last
   month!

Sections

     * Biostatistics and methods
     * Chronic disease epidemiology
     * Energy balance-related behaviors
     * Environmental health
     * Global health
     * Health behavior, health promotion and society
     * Health policies, systems and management in high-income countries
     * Health policies, systems and management in low and middle-income
       countries
     * Infectious disease epidemiology
     * NEW: Mental health
     * Occupational health
     * NEW: Social determinants of health

Editors

     * Natalie Pafitis, BioMed Central

Manuscript Editor

     * Marie-Victoire Cosson, BioMed Central

Section Editors

     * Marc Adams, Arizona State University, USA
     * Noriko Cable, University College London, UK
     * Summer Hawkins, Boston College, USA
     * Jianguang Ji, Lund University, Sweden
     * Ariadne Kapetanaki, University of York, UK
     * Frances Kay-Lambkin, University of Newcastle, Australia
     * Zohra Lassi, University of Adelaide, Australia
     * Youcheng Liu, Wayne State University, USA
     * Tim Mackey, University of California San Diego, USA
     * Carol Maher, University of South Australia, Australia
     * Isabelle Niedhammer, INSERM, France
     * Mahfuzar Rahman, ICDDRB, Bangladesh
     * David Rehkopf, Stanford University School of Medicine, USA
     * Giovanni Rezza, Istituto Superiore di Sanita, Italy
     * Richard Rosenkranz, Kansas State University, USA
     * David Stieb, Population Studies Division, Health Canada, Canada
     * Janice L Thompson, University of Birmingham, UK
     * Michelle Turner, University of Ottawa, Canada; CREAL, Spain
     * Dianne Stanton Ward, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
       USA
     * Shankar Viswanathan, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, USA

Assistant Editors

     * Maxine Dillon, BioMed Central
     * Megan Barling, BioMed Central​​​​​​​​​​​​​​

   New Content Item

Shankar Viswanathan, Section Editor

   Dr. Shankar Viswanathan is an Assistant Professor of Biostatistics at
   the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, in the Department of
   Epidemiology and Population Health. He received his doctoral degree in
   Biostatistics from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. His
   methods research focuses on multivariate survival analysis,
   longitudinal data, and missing data analysis. His applied area focusses
   on Global Health, Injury Epidemiology, and Chronic Disease
   Epidemiology. He joined the Editorial Board of BMC Public Health in
   2018.
   New Content Item

Summer Hawkins, Section Editor

   Associate Professor Summer Sherburne Hawkins, PhD, MS, joined the
   Boston College School of Social Work (BCSSW) faculty in 2012. She is a
   social epidemiologist with an interest in addressing policy-relevant
   research questions in maternal and child health. Her research examines
   the impact of policies on health disparities in parents and children,
   particularly using methodology that integrates epidemiology and
   economics. She joined the Editorial Board of BMC Public Health in 2018.
   New Content Item

Zohra Lassi, Section Editor

   Dr. Lassi, Section Editor of the Global health section, is a Perinatal
   Epidemiologist working as a NHMRC Public Health and Health Services
   Fellow at the University of Adelaide. Her research work has primarily
   focused on maternal, child and adolescent health and nutrition issues
   particularly in marginalised and low resource settings. She joined the
   Editorial Board of BMC Public Health in  April of 2019.
   New Content Item

Jianguang Ji, Section Editor

   Associate Professor Jianguang Ji, Section Editor of the Chronic disease
   epidemiology section, is a Senior Research Fellow in Medical
   Epidemiology at Lund University. His research has a strong focus on the
   influence of genetic and environmental factors on chronic diseases,
   with a main focus on cancer incidence and mortality.
   New Content Item

Noriko Cable, Section Editor

   Dr. Noriko Cable, Section Editor of the Mental health section, is a
   Senior Research Fellow at the Department of Epidemiology and Public
   Health, University College London. She works on social relationships,
   alcohol use and mental health from childhood to late adulthood as well
   as cross-national examinations of mental health.

BMC Series blog

     * Highlights from European Society of Cardiology (ESC) Congress 2019

Highlights from European Society of Cardiology (ESC) Congress 2019
       19 September 2019
     * Highlights of the BMC series: August 2019

Highlights of the BMC series: August 2019
       13 September 2019
     * Highlights from EAPC 2019: Global Palliative Care – Shaping the
       future

Highlights from EAPC 2019: Global Palliative Care – Shaping the future
       09 September 2019

Latest Tweets

   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   BMC series logo
   Submit manuscript
     * Editorial Board
     * Editor Profiles
     * Sign up for article alerts and news from this journal

Follow

     * Follow us on Twitter

2018 Journal Metrics

     * Citation Impact
       2.567 - 2-year Impact Factor
       3.275 - 5-year Impact Factor
       1.342 - Source Normalized Impact per Paper (SNIP)
       1.382 - SCImago Journal Rank (SJR)
       Usage
       7,227,832 downloads
       Social Media Impact
       11669 mentions
     * More about our metrics

   Advertisement
   Advertisement

BMC Public Health

   ISSN: 1471-2458

Contact us

     * Submission enquiries: Access here and click Contact Us
     * General enquiries: info@biomedcentral.com

     * Read more on our blogs
     * Receive BMC newsletters
     * Manage article alerts
     * Language editing for authors
     * Scientific editing for authors

     * Policies
     * Accessibility
     * Press center

     * Support and Contact
     * Leave feedback
     * Careers

Follow BMC

     * BMC Twitter page
     * BMC Facebook page
     * BMC Weibo page

   By using this website, you agree to our Terms and Conditions, Privacy
   statement and Cookies policy. Manage the cookies we use in the
   preference centre.
   Springer Nature

   © 2019 BioMed Central Ltd unless otherwise stated. Part of Springer
   Nature.

   [nature.png]
   User-agent: * Disallow: /search Disallow: /foreditors Disallow: /epdf/
   Disallow: /about/institutional-support/membership/ Disallow:
   /about/membership/members/ Disallow:
   /about/oa-funding-and-policy-support/ Disallow: /*/*/*/sharedit
   Sitemap: https://bmcpublichealth.biomedcentral.com/sitemap.xml
