Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK’S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE

   Learn More

   [logo-compact.svg]

'Alexa, are you turning my kid into a jerk?'

   Josh Hafner USA TODAY
   Published 2:34 PM EDT Jun 7, 2017

   Three years after Amazon Echo launched as a frivolous oddity, its maker
   now plans to put Alexa inside smart phones, refrigerators, vacuums and
   Ford cars. The Alexafication of all things places digital attendants
   everywhere at our beck and call, and those of our kids, too.
   [636324426023079665-GettyImages-515805712.jpg?width=1080&quality=50]
   Don't forget your manner words.
   Brian A. Jackson, Getty Images/iStockphoto

   Last year, a San Francisco dad named Hunter Walk posted a blog titled,
   “Amazon Echo Is Magical. It’s Also Turning My Kid Into an Asshole.”
   Walk, a former YouTube product manager, saw in Alexa’s subservience a
   potential worry for parents: If a kid learned she could order Alexa
   around without so much as a please or thank you, why not a person?

   Experts at the crossroads of pediatrics, psychology and A.I. say
   there’s a lot we don’t know about how virtual assistants might affect
   young, developing minds, but parents can take proactive steps to help
   children better understand and interact with humanoid helpers.
   Concerns over kids’ screen time seem almost quaint in an age of
   screenless devices. Apple’s debut this week of its own smart speaker,
   the HomePod, further cemented the tech industry’s vision of virtual
   assistants baked into daily life. Google, Microsoft and Samsung have
   their own digital assistants, too.

   The rapid evolution of technology these days can leave us left us
   feeling unbalanced, said Jenny Radesky, a University of Michigan
   pediatrician who studies how digital media shapes children. Artificial
   intelligence feels far more disruptive than did once-foreign devices
   like telephones or TV, she said, and the accompanying anxiety for
   parents can feel more acute.

   Research around how kids understand digital assistants is “so limited,”
   Radesky said, and none of it dives into how "alive" children perceive
   them to be. Studies that do exist on children and robots suggest
   children see them as semi-animate, she said, as objects that think and
   feel but don’t eat or breathe.

   A kid who says something naughty to Alexa and receives positive
   reinforcement —perhaps laughter from an onlooker or a game response
   from the assistant — might repeat the same behavior in a different
   social context, Radesky supposed. But we just don’t yet know.

   Amazon said in a statement that the Echo is designed for family use,
   and that “we work to ensure Alexa’s responses are appropriate for all
   ages.”  Alexa can respond to “Echo,” “Amazon,” or “Computer,” but not
   niceties like please or thank you.

   “Maybe they should program Alexa to only respond to polite child
   voices," Radesky said. “I’m only partly joking.”

   Peter Kahn, a psychologist at the University of Washington, conducted
   some of the research on how children perceive robots. Parents shouldn’t
   worry that their tyke will treat a classmate like they do Alexa, Kahn
   said, at least in any direct way: “It’s more complicated than that.”
   [echo-bookshelf_large.jpg?width=1080&quality=50]
   The Amazon Echo.
   Amazon.com, Inc

   As we interact with virtual assistants more and human beings less, Kahn
   worries the quality of our human connections will suffer. He and
   colleagues hypothesized that personified robots represent a new
   category of being, one that will grow as virtual assistants become
   infused with our homes, cars and accessories.

   As smarter, more life-like computers become increasingly alluring, Kahn
   said, irreplaceable aspects of human interaction could atrophy in the
   process.

   One solution, Kahn said, is for families with smart speakers to simply
   stay intentional about deepening their relationships through
   intentional, loving interactions. Alexa can already sing lullabies to
   children and read them bedtime stories. But a machine can’t know a
   child the way a parent does, Kahn said.

   The evolution toward screenless devices — “ambient computing,” the
   industry calls it — may be a good thing for parents, said Jim Taylor, a
   psychologist who wrote Raising Generation Tech: Preparing Your Children
   for a Media-Fueled World. Without faces buried in screens, parents have
   a better chance of teaching kids what they so often miss, he said:
   Technology is a tool, not a toy.

   Radesky, the pediatrician, co-authored the latest guidelines for media
   use from the American Academy of Pediatrics. They advise parents to
   help their children leverage technology as a tool to meet human goals,
   she said “rather than obsess about the way it’s affecting us.”

   It’s up to adults to help children conceptualize virtual assistants in
   a healthy way, Radesky said, and much of that comes through modeled
   behavior.

   Show kindness to virtual assistants in front of kids, she said. Help
   them think critically about the information they provide. Remind them
   that virtual assistants are always listening (research shows they don’t
   grasp this). And don’t give them the idea that an answer Siri gives is
   inherently more or less valuable than what they might find in a book,
   another person or their own reasoning.

   “I am more concerned that assistants like Siri or Alexa might
   implicitly teach children that knowledge is quickly, easily attainable
   — almost commodified,” she said.

   Follow Josh Hafner on Twitter: @joshhafner

   More: How to keep Amazon's Alexa from becoming a parenting nightmare
   Published 2:34 PM EDT Jun 7, 2017

   Terms of Service Privacy Notice
   © Copyright Gannett 2018
Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK’S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE

   Learn More

   [logo-compact.svg]

Dwayne Johnson recreated throwback fannypack shot

   Charles Curtis USA TODAY
   Published 10:16 AM EDT May 22, 2017

   If you aren't familiar with Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson's infamous 1994
   photo in which he sported an amazing haircut, a fanny pack, a black
   turtleneck with a chain over it and a tissue under his elbow to protect
   said turtleneck, let's go back for a sec to 2014, when he revealed the
   shot to the world on Instagram:

   Oh yes. Gold. Absolute gold.

   Johnson was the host on Saturday Night Live this weekend, and he
   recreated the legendary shot for one of the show's "bumper" photos,
   including the turtleneck, the chain, the fanny pack and, yes, even the
   tissue to protect the shirt:
   [the-rock.jpg?width=1080&quality=50]

   Side by side, it's amazing:

   Sure, there's no incredible 1990s haircut, but there's the
   actor/wrestler doing his iconic single eyebrow raise, giving it a
   perfect statement to go along with the recreation.
   Published 10:16 AM EDT May 22, 2017

   Terms of Service Privacy Notice
   © Copyright Gannett 2018
Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK’S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE

   Learn More

   [logo-compact.svg]

   Kurt Volker, a former special envoy to Ukraine, arrives for a
   closed-door interview with House investigators, as House Democrats
   proceed with the impeachment inquiry of President Donald Trump, at the
   Capitol in Washington, Oct. 3, 2019.
   Text messages show ties between Trump demands, US aid
   1:33 AM EDT Oct 4, 2019
   5 things you need to know Friday
   3:59 AM EDT Oct 4, 2019
   Arthur Fleck (Joaquin Phoenix) moves to the music in his head in
   "Joker."
   'Wack Job': Trump, AOC clash on Twitter
   11:43 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   President Donald Trump speaks at an event concerning Medicare Thursday,
   Oct. 3, 2019, in The Villages, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux) ORG XMIT: OTK
   Feds warn of threatening social media posts as 'Joker' opens in
   theaters
   9:47 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   The Telegraph This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows
   Joaquin Phoenix in a scene from "Joker," in theaters on Oct. 4. (Niko
   Tavernise/Warner Bros. Pictures via AP) ORG XMIT: NYET702
   Southwest flight attendant disses passenger in Trump T-shirt
   8:32 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   To paraphrase "The Lion King," it's the circle of airport life, as one
   Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 taxis as another lands at Dallas Love
   Field. Click forward as the airline and photographer Jeremy
   Dwyer-Lindgren show you a day in the life of Southwest crew members at
   the historic Texas airport.
   Should students be punished for Nazi salutes?
   6:00 AM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   Yellow school bus against autumn sky. Back to school concept. Vintage
   filter effects.
   Hong Kong leader bans masks amid protests
   3:35 AM EDT Oct 4, 2019
   People take part in a protest march against a potential government ban
   on protesters wearing face masks in Hong Kong on October 4, 2019. -
   Hong Kong's leader on October 4 invoked a rarely used colonial-era
   emergency law to ban people from wearing face masks in a bid to put an
   end to months of violent protests.
   Jury finds man guilty in the murder of 9-year-old
   10:22 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   In this Tuesday, Nov. 10, 2015, file photo, a mourner holds the program
   for the funeral of 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee at St. Sabina Church in
   Chicago. The elementary school student was shot in the head Nov. 2,
   after police say he was lured into an alley and executed because of his
   father's gang connections. On Friday, Sept. 13, 2019, jury selection is
   scheduled to begin in the trial of Dwright Boone-Doty and an accomplice
   charged with murder in the November 2015 slaying of Tyshawn Lee.
   James Franco sued for sexual exploitation
   9:46 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   James Franco, pictured at the Golden Globe Awards on Jan. 7, 2018, has
   been sued by two actresses from his former acting and film school who
   say they were pushed into gratuitous and exploitative sexual situations
   as his students.
   Fox analyst: Trump acts criminal and impeachable
   7:23 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   President Donald Trump speaks during an Armed Forces welcome ceremony
   for the new chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Mark Milley,
   Monday, Sept. 30, 2019, at Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall, Va. (AP
   Photo/Evan Vucci) ORG XMIT: VAEV104
   $800M: Vegas shooting victims settle with MGM
   3:45 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   People visit a makeshift memorial honoring the victims
   Maisie Williams: Arya made me 'ashamed' of body
   5:33 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   Maisie Williams at HBO's "Game of Thrones" final season premiere in New
   York on April 3, 2019, right, and her character Arya Stark.
   Greatest NFL players in history: 81-90
   5:05 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   Troy Polamalu tormented offenses during his NFL career and was an
   eight-time Pro Bowler and four-time All-Pro.
   Start the day smarter. Sign for the Daily Briefing and we bring the new
   to you.
   12:56 PM EST Jan 4, 2019
   Researchers have uncovered flaws in a popular tool
   World Cup 2022: Qatar invests big, seeks unity
   12:01 AM EDT Oct 4, 2019
   The Great Pacific Garbage Patch cleanup is working, finally
   5:30 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   A handout photo made available by The Ocean Cleanup shows the company's
   ocean cleanup prototype System 001/B capturing plastic debris in the
   Great Pacific Garbage Patch, in the Pacific Ocean, on September 30,
   2019. The self-contained system uses natural currents of the sea to
   passively collect plastic debris in an effort to reduce waste in the
   ocean.
   Braves All-Star: Acuña not hustling ‘frustrating’
   12:29 AM EDT Oct 4, 2019
   Ronald Acuna Jr. walks off the field after he was caught stealing
   second base in the first inning.
   'RHONJ' star Joe Giudice will be removed to Italy
   8:52 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   Warren also demands Trump-China call transcript
   9:53 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - OCTOBER 02: Democratic presidential candidate, U.S.
   Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) speaks during the 2020 Gun Safety Forum
   hosted by gun control activist groups Giffords and March for Our Lives
   at Enclave on October 2, 2019 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Nine Democratic
   candidates are taking part in the forum to address gun violence one day
   after the second anniversary of the massacre at the Route 91 Harvest
   country music festival in Las Vegas when a gunman killed 58 people in
   the deadliest mass shooting in recent U.S. history. (Photo by Ethan
   Miller/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 775411543 ORIG FILE ID: 1178675817
   These are the wealthiest people in America
   11:23 AM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon, during a press conference in this September
   06, 2012 file photo in Santa Monica, California.
   'Handmaid's Tale' wedding photo shocks
   4:42 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   Handmaid's Tale wedding
   2 political opposites on how to impeach Trump
   3:15 AM EDT Oct 4, 2019
   President Donald Trump on Oct. 3, 2019.
   Trump's call on China, another impeachable act
   3:35 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   Ukraine whistleblower
   Formerly incarcerated: Dems need real justice reform
   11:47 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   Democratic presidential candidates on the Texas debate stage.
   Trump: China should investigate Biden
   3:56 PM EDT Oct 3, 2019
   President Donald Trump rails against journalists asking questions about
   an impeachment inquiry during a joint news conference with Finnish
   President Sauli Niinisto in the East Room of the White House October
   02, 2019.

   Terms of Service Privacy Notice
   © Copyright Gannett 2018
Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK’S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE

   Learn More

   [logo-compact.svg]

Who's hiring for self-driving car jobs

   Marco della Cava USA TODAY
   Published 6:08 PM EDT Oct 19, 2016
   [636020180537022049-Olli-at-Phoenix-LM-2.jpg?width=1080&quality=50]
   Olli, a self-driving bus, is set to debut in Washington, D.C.
   Local Motors

   SAN FRANCISCO - If you've got tech skills and are interested in
   self-driving cars, there's a good chance you'll wind up working in the
   Bay Area.

   Where jobs in the automotive field were once exclusively tied to
   Detroit, the mushrooming importance of software to mobility has seen
   employment opportunities migrate west as established automakers such as
   Ford Motor and Mercedes-Benz boost their ranks in Silicon Valley.

   That shift is borne out by data provided to USA TODAY by Paysa, a site
   that uses machine learning to provide salary information and
   career success insights for both job seekers and businesses.

   Over the past six months, dozens of companies looking for self-driving
   car talent posted more than 350 job listings, with 230 of those jobs
   based in either Mountain View or Palo Alto. Most positions fell under
   the broad heading of software engineer, though some were as specific as
   vehicle dynamics modeling engineer and reality capture processor.

   Google, which is based in Mountain View and has one of the oldest
   autonomous car programs, topped the list with 52 job listings, followed
   by HERE (a Chicago-based autonomous car mapping company with offices in
   Berkeley, Calif.) with 36 jobs, and Robert Bosch (the German company's
   U.S. headquarters is in Palo Alto) with 31.

   Google's hiring needs could well shift in time, given car project CEO
   John Krafcik's announcement about a new 53,000-square-foot facility the
   company plans to open in the Detroit suburb of Novi.

   The outpost will allow Google engineers to work more closely with a
   range of automotive partners. Google currently has an agreement with
   Fiat Chrysler for the development of 100 Pacifica minivans that will be
   outfitted for testing purposes with self-driving tech.

   Of note on the Paysa list was Uber, which has been making a huge push
   on the self-driving car front. It listed just 9 jobs over the past six
   months. The ride-hailing giant recently began picking up passengers in
   its self-driving Ford Fusions in Pittsburgh, home to its new research
   facility.

   A surprising fourth with 24 job postings was lesser-known Zoox, a
   Silicon Valley startup that hopes to rival Tesla. In June, Zoox raised
   $200 million in Series A funding at a valuation of $1 billion.
   [tesla-model-3-unveil_large.png?width=1080&quality=50]
   Model 3.
   The Motley Fool

   "This migration from Detroit just shows how what matters most these
   days is what's inside the car," says Chris Bolte, CEO of Paysa. "I
   wasn't that surprised by this data. But what did surprise me was
   finding companies in the mix that I wouldn't have expected."

   In addition to HERE and Zoox appearing in the mix with Google, Ford
   Motor (23 postings), General Motors (22) and Tesla (19), there are
   smaller self-driving car startups such as autonomous tech aftermarket
   company Drive.ai (6 jobs) and self-driving Olli bus builder Local
   Motors (4).

   Notably absent from the Paysa list was Apple, which has never admitted
   to a car program despite news reports indicating that there recently
   have been dozens of layoffs from a staff of 1,000.

   While two-thirds of the jobs were in the Bay Area, the next biggest
   geographic location was Chicago (30 positions), followed by Cambridge,
   Mass (27 jobs). Michigan accounted for just 15 jobs in three cities.

   As far as job skill requirements, the top computer science
   skills needed by self-driving car companies were proficiency in the
   programming languages C++ (61%) and Python (56%). The most desirable
   non-CS skills were computer vision (48%), computer simulation (47%) and
   robotics (41%).

   If you were to wind up with one of these autonomous car jobs, your
   colleagues are most likely to be white and male. The tech industry at
   large continues to grapple with improving diversity within its ranks,
   which often finds few women or people of color in high-ranking
   position.

   According to Paysa data on those who took jobs in the self-driving car
   space over the past six months, 69% were men and 6% were women. Paysa
   could not get gender data for 27% of new hires. In terms of ethnicity,
   43% were white, 37% were Asian and 22% went undisclosed.
   [636111981717383853-Dmi.jpeg?width=1080&quality=50]
   Dmitri Dolgov, a longtime veteran of Google's seven-year self-driving
   car effort, recently took over as technical lead, replacing Chris
   Urmson.
   Google

   As for what you'll make, Paysa reports an average salary of $138,000
   with a signing bonus of $21,000 and an annual bonus of $26,000, along
   with $72,000 in company equity.

   One caveat: You might want to have your PhD buttoned up before applying
   since 57% of those hired in the self-driving car space had that
   advanced degree. Only 27% were hired with just a masters degree, and
   15% with a bachelors only.

   While one of the most famous names in autonomous car robotics degrees
   is Carnegie Mellon University, online education site Udacity recently
   launched a Nanodegree in autonomous car tech that promises graduates
   the attentive eyes of recruiters from companies such as Mercedes-Benz
   and Nvidia.

   Follow USA TODAY tech reporter Marco della Cava @marcodellacava
   Published 6:08 PM EDT Oct 19, 2016

   Terms of Service Privacy Notice
   © Copyright Gannett 2018
Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK’S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE

   Learn More

   [logo-compact.svg]

   It appears that you’re attempting to view this video from a location in
   the European Union. At this point in time we regret to say we cannot
   make this video available to you. Please visit our home page
   eu.usatoday.com for other content that may be of interest to you.

   Terms of Service Privacy Notice
   © Copyright Gannett 2018
