   #alternate alternate

   [ava-fb-logos-md.jpg]

   IMPORTANT NOTICE:
   Friedberg Direct will only conduct business with a client for whom it
   considers such business to be appropriate and in assessing
   appropriateness, will rely on the information provided by the client in
   his/her/their application form. For this reason, it is essential that
   you immediately advise us in writing if there is subsequently an
   adverse change in the information you have provided. Read less

   Please ensure you read, understand and agree to the following before
   submitting your completed application:
   Risk WarningExecution Policy
   Read more

Apply now with Friedberg Direct

   [icon1.png]

   Safe and secure payment
   [icon2.png]

   Regulated Canadian broker
   [icon3.png]

   Technical support

   IMPORTANT NOTICE: Friedberg Direct will only conduct business with a
   client for whom it considers such business to be appropriate and in
   assessing appropriateness, will rely on the information provided by the
   client in his/her/their application form. For this reason, it is
   essential that you immediately advise us in writing if there is
   subsequently an adverse change in the information you have provided.

   Please ensure you read, understand and agree to the following before
   submitting your completed application:
   Risk Warning Execution Policy
   Hide Notice
   Read more

STEP 2: SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION

   We recommend that you upload your documents within 24 hours of your
   online application submission. The following documents may be requested
   in accordance with your account type.

FOR INDIVIDUAL AND JOINT ACCOUNT HOLDERS:

   Friedberg Direct requires a copy of the following for each named
   account holder:

   Photo ID A photocopy of one form of a non-expired, government issued
   photo ID. Your identification must clearly indicate your date of birth.
   All documents that contain an expiration date must be valid, unless
   stated otherwise.

Examples of this include a:

    1. Passport
    2. Driving license
    3. Non-driver's ID

   Proof of Residence A proof of residence dated within three months for
   the address indicated on the application (PO Boxes are not acceptable).

Examples of this include a:

    1. Gas bill
    2. Electric bill
    3. Telephone bill
    4. Current lease agreement
    5. CRA Notice of assessment
    6. GST Refund Letter

   You may upload your documents to myvip.friedbergdirectav.ca. Simply log
   in using the account number and password provided to you upon
   completion of the application.

   W-8BEN Friedberg Direct requires all clients to submit a W-8BEN Form -
   Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service Certificate of
   Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding.
   Fill out the W-BEN form here.

Additional Verification

   Please provide a copy of an Original Bank, Loan/Mortgage or Credit Card
   account statement – scanned or photographed

STEP 3: DEPOSIT

    1. Credit & Debit Card (USD & CAD)
    2. Wire Transfer (USD & CAD)

   Credit & Debit Card: The link above will reroute you to
   my.friedbergdirectav.ca. Debit/Credit Card transactions may be
   instantly available to you in your Friedberg Direct trading account.
   All clients have access to my.friedbergdirectav.ca through their login
   details. This is the same login you use to access the Trading Platform.
   Create Account

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KLRBJ5
