    [logo.png]
   Synchronous Kahn Parallelism

   PARKAS is research team at Inria Paris and located at the Département
   d'Informatique at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris, France.

Team presentation

   The PARKAS project focuses on the design, semantics and compilation of
   high-level languages which allow to go, all the way down, from a
   parallel deterministic specification to a target embedded code that may
   execute on parallel (multi-core) architectures. The team bases its
   research on the theory and practice of synchronous languages, typed
   functional languages and modern compilation techniques (polyhedral
   compilation) to obtain provably safe and efficient code. The team
   develops languages and compilers (e.g., Zelus, ReactiveML,
   contributions to GCC and LLVM) used as vehicules for validating,
   communicating and transfering research results. The language Lucid
   Synchrone, for example, has been the basis of SCADE 6 developed by
   Esterel-Technologies and used for implementing critical embedded
   software.

Research Themes

     * Design, semantics and implementation of synchronous languages.
     * Extensions of synchronous languages to target new applications
       (e.g., N-synchrony and relaxed synchrony for computer-intensive
       video applications, mixed continuous/discrete signals for modeling
       physical systems, dynamic creation for large scale simulations).
     * Type systems, static analysis of synchronous programs.
     * Code generation with proved efficiency and safety for sequential
       and parallel (multi-core) processors.

International and industrial relations

   ANSYS/Esterel-Technologies; Dassault-Systèmes; ARM; Kalray

Software

   Zélus:
          Synchronous programming with ODEs.

   cmmtest:
          Hunting concurrency compiler bugs.

   GCC:
          Contributions to the GNU Compiler Collection.

   Heptagon:
          Lustre with discrete controller synthesis and arrays.

   isl:
          Integer Set Library.

   Jazz:
          A high-level programming language for digital circuits.

   LLVM:
          Contributions to the LLVM Compiler Infrastructure.

   Lucid Synchrone:
          Higher-order synchronous dataflow programming.

   Lucy-n:
          An n-synchronous extension of Lustre.

   Ott:
          A tool for the working semanticist.

   PPCG:
          Polyhedral Parallel Code Generator

   ReactiveML:
          A programming language for interactive systems.

   Sundials/ML:
          OCaml interface to the Sundials numeric solvers.

   Checklistings:
          LaTeX package for compiling verbatim text.

News

   Friday, 2019-06-21 at 14:00
          Chandan Reddy, PARKAS Team : Polyhedral Compilation for Domain
          Specific Languages.

   Monday, 2019-06-10 at 15:00
          Ulysse Beaugnon, PARKAS Team : Efficient Code Generation for
          Hardware Accelerators by Refining Partially Specified
          Implementations.

   Wednesday, 2019-05-15 at 15:00
          Darius Mercadier, Inria Whisper Team LIP6 : Usuba:
          high-throughput & constant-time ciphers, by construction.

   Friday, 2019-05-10 at 13:30
          Julien Forget, CRIStAL/ Polytech Lille : Data-dependencies in
          real-time multi-task programs.

   Wednesday, 2019-04-17 at 10:00
          Vassil Todorov, Groupe PSA / LRI : Méthodes formelles au service
          de la voiture autonome.

   Thursday, 2018-12-13 at 10:00
          Jie Zhao, PARKAS Team : A Combined Language and Polyhedral
          Approach for Heterogeneous Parallelism.

   Inria logo
   ENS logo

Recruitment

   We are always on the lookout for excellent, highly motivated students
   and young researchers for research internships, PhD theses, postdoc,
   research engineer, and researcher positions.

   There is a list of specific opportunities but otherwise do not hesitate
   to contact one of the team members.

Where are we?

   [parkasmap.png]
    1. We are located in Paris at the École normale supérieure at 45 rue
       d'Ulm: It is a short walk from either Luxembourg RER or Métro
       Censier-Daubenton.
    2. Enter at the security gate E marker .
    3. Then walk around the side of the main building P marker .
    4. A sliding door gives access to the DI (Informatics Department).
    5. Take the staircase at right down one level and then turn left and
       then right.


    Team PARKAS
    Département d'informatique
    École normale supérieure
    45, rue d'Ulm
    75230 Paris cedex 05
    France

   Intranet at DI
   Parkas
   (BUTTON) •••
     * people
     * seminars
     * software
     * recruitment
     * publications
