   #Saídos da Concha - Atom Saídos da Concha - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar
   Saídos da Concha

Pages

     * Home
     * About + Contact
     * My BOOK!
     * Tutorials + Recipes
     * Quilt Kits
     * Elsewhere
     * Published Work

MY ONLINE SHOP

   MY ONLINE SHOP

Search This Blog

   __________ Search
     * Concha
     * Sílvia Silva

   Saídos da Concha® is a registered trademark
   all content ©2006-2016 Constança Cabral

13 May 2016

New Blog!

   From now on you can find me over at
   https://constancacabral.com/blog/
   See you there!
   Posted by Concha at 11:49 243 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

03 May 2015

Pausa :: Break

   Ando há muito tempo com a sensação de que alguma coisa não está a
   funcionar no meu dia-a-dia. A tristeza e o isolamento que senti durante
   2012 e 2013 felizmente desapareceram, mas não me consigo livrar de um
   enorme peso, de um grande cansaço e de um certo desajustamento em
   relação à minha vida presente.
   Este blog vai ficar em pausa durante uns tempos. Não vou actualizar a
   página no Facebook e não me vou forçar a responder a emails. Acho que
   vou continuar pelo Instagram, porque é o único sítio na internet em que
   não sinto qualquer tipo de pressão, mas ainda não tenho a certeza.
   Tenho muitos posts fotografados e alinhavados, e é possível que os vá
   publicando pouco a pouco, mas prefiro ter o blog inactivo e, de vez em
   quando, escrever umas coisas, do que um blog activo que está sempre a
   chamar por mim e a fazer-me sentir que estou a falhar.
   Não me apetece escrever sobre isto em pormenor mas, como não gosto de
   cultivar uma aura de mistério nem tão pouco gerar qualquer tipo de
   especulação, vou acrescentar algumas palavras.
   Quero viver durante uns tempos sem tecnologias. Ser mãe não é, para
   mim, especialmente fácil. Sou uma pessoa naturalmente introvertida, que
   precisa de silêncio e de algum espaço, e o dia-a-dia com crianças e sem
   apoio familiar tem um efeito esmagador sobre mim. Preciso de me focar,
   de não sentir pressões adicionais nem sucumbir a distracções. De
   aprender a lidar com as expectativas, aspirações e exigências da vida
   contemporânea.
   Sinto-me constantemente sob tensão e, visto que não me apetece ter um
   colapso nervoso, vou experimentar alterar a maneira como vivo a minha
   vida.
   Obrigada por me continuarem a acompanhar na minha viagem. Isto não é um
   adeus — é só um até qualquer dia.
   I've known for a long time that something's not working in my everyday
   life. The sadness and isolation that I felt during 2012 and 2013 have
   subsided but I haven't been able to shake off a strong weight over my
   shoulders, a great tiredness and a sort of maladjustment in regard to
   my present life.
   This blog is going to be still for a while. I'm not going to update my
   Facebook page and not going to force myself to deal with email. I might
   keep playing with Instagram because it's the only place online where I
   don't feel any pressure, but I can't say for sure yet.
   I've got lots of blog posts that are already photographed and half put
   together and I might publish something here from time to time, but I'd
   rather have an inactive blog that sometimes gets updated  that an
   active blog that's always asking for more and that makes me feel like
   I'm failing all the time.
   I'm not in the mood to write in detail about this but, since I don't
   like to cultivate an air of mystery nor do I want to generate
   unnecessary speculation, I'm going to add a few words.
   I want to live for a while with no technologies. Being a mother isn't
   particularly easy for me. I'm a natural introvert and I need a fair
   amount of silence and space. My day-to-day with children and no family
   support has been quite overwhelming, frankly. I need to focus and I
   don't need any additional distractions or pressures. I must learn how
   to deal better with all the expectations, aspirations and demands of
   modern life.
   I feel I'm spreading myself too thin and since I don't want to have a
   nervous breakdown, I'm going to try and alter the way I live my life.
   Thank you for being here with me along this journey. This isn't goodbye
   — it's just "see you later".
   Posted by Concha at 16:16 127 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: ego

22 April 2015

Vestido de Baptizado :: Christening Gown

   [IMG_7688.jpg]
   Durante as últimas semanas andei ocupada a fazer o vestido de baptizado
   do Pedro — aliás, todo o "ensemble", porque fiz o vestido propriamente
   dito, o vestido interior, a touca e o babete (este último  não aparece
   nestas fotografias porque foi feito na véspera do grande dia e, mal foi
   posto a uso, ficou imediatamente sujo).
   Foi o projecto mais elaborado, ambicioso — e, diria até, um bocadinho
   presunçoso — em que já me meti. Entrei nele com enormes doses de
   entusiasmo e inconsciência, sem ter propriamente elaborado um plano de
   acção meticuloso. O resultado é um vestido que me satisfaz cerca de
   80%, mas no qual tenho bastante orgulho. Tentei ser o mais perfeita
   possível na execução e acabamentos — dentro das limitações da minha
   máquina de 1974, claro. Gosto do vestido? Sim. Adoro o vestido? Não.
   Gostei de ver o Pedro a ser baptizado com ele? Delirei!
   Over the last few weeks I used up every free minute of my time to sew
   Pedro's christening gown — actually, I should write "christening
   outfit", really, because I sewed the dress, the slip, the bonnet and
   even a bib (which isn't pictured here because I sewed it the night
   before of the big event and it became soiled two seconds after I put it
   on Pedro).
   This was the most elaborate, ambitious — and even a bit presumptuous —
   project I've even got myself into. I embarked upon it with a great dose
   of enthusiasm and naivety, without even having set a meticulous plan of
   action. The result is a dress that I'm 80% happy with but one that,
   nonetheless, fills me with a sense of pride. I tried to be as neat as I
   could in terms of constructing and finishing — within the limitations
   of my 1974 machine, that is. Do I like the dress? Yes, I do. Do I love
   the dress? No, I don't. Did I enjoy watching Pedro be christened while
   wearing it? That gave me the greatest pleasure!
   [IMG_7526.jpg]
   Ora então vamos por partes:
   1. Motivação
   O Tiago e eu fizemos questão de que o Pedro fosse baptizado no país em
   que nasceu, mas havia o problema do vestido. Era impensável pedir à
   nossa família que nos enviasse um vestido antigo pelo correio (e se se
   perdesse?); por outro lado, nem me passou pela cabeça comprar um
   vestido novo. Posto isto, a única hipótese era ser eu a fazer o
   vestido. Há um ano assisti  a uma aula de "heirloom sewing" na loja
   Bernina aqui da zona, onde aprendi as técnicas-base de coser rendas e
   entremeios bordados. Esta primeira abordagem foi fundamental para
   desmitificar todo o mundo do "heirloom sewing" e proporcionou-me
   algumas ferramentas para depois aprofundar o assunto sozinha. Durante
   alguns meses pesquisei vestidos antigos e técnicas modernas e, a dada
   altura, resolvi não pensar mais e simplesmente comecei a fazer o
   vestido.
   Let me tell you more:
   1. Motivation
   Tiago and I were both extremely keen that Pedro should be baptised in
   the country where he was born... but what about the dress? I didn't
   have the guts to ask for the family gown to be sent through the post
   (what if it got lost?) and I didn't consider even for one minute the
   possibility of buying a new dress. So there was just one option: I had
   to make it myself. Last year I took an heirloom sewing class at my
   local Bernina shop, where I learned the basics about sewing laces and
   embroidered trims. This class was great for demystifying the whole
   "heirloom sewing" world and gave me a few tools to seek more
   information on my own. For a few months I researched old dresses and
   modern techniques and then there came a point where I just had to stop
   looking and actually start sewing.
   [IMG_7741.jpg]
   [IMG_7757.jpg]
   2. Planos e materiais
   Pensei em algumas opções para o vestido e fiz vários esboços, mas o
   desenho final acabou por ser totalmente determinado pelas limitações
   dos materiais ao meu dispôr. Queria que o vestido reflectisse  a
   herança cultural do Pedro e que nele constassem elementos portugueses,
   neozelandeses, de família, de amigos, enfim. Estava determinada a
   bordar, a branco, um motivo central com corações e flores de Viana e
   fetos nativos da Nova Zelândia mas, com grande pena minha, isso não
   chegou a acontecer. Talvez se tivesse começado a fazer o vestido três
   meses mais cedo...
   Aqui na Nova Zelândia comprei a cambraia branca, assim como o entremeio
   de renda e o ajour. O folho em bordado inglês foi-me dado pela minha
   avó e a renda com que debruei o decote e os punhos foi-me oferecida, há
   uns anos, por uma amiga brasileira. Os dois outros entremeios bordados
   foram comprados online. Fiz nervuras no peito e nas mangas com uma
   agulha dupla e utilizei sempre linha de algodão Mettler 60.
   2. Plans and materials
   I thought about a few different options but the final design ended up
   being entirely determined by the limited materials I had at hand. I
   wanted the dress to be a reflection of Pedro's cultural heritage, with
   elements that would reference Portugal, New Zealand, family and
   friends. I was determined to embroider, in white, a central motif with
   Portuguese folk hearts and flowers and NZ native ferns, but
   unfortunately I ran out of time. Maybe if I had started working on the
   dress three months earlier...
   Here in NZ I bought the white lawn as well as the lace insertion and
   the entredeux. The broderie anglaise edging was given to me by my
   grandmother and the lace edging (or is it tatting?) was a present from
   a Brazilian friend many years ago. The other two embroidered insertions
   were bought online. I used a double-needle to make narrow pintucks on
   the centre front of the dress and on the sleeves and used Mettler 60
   cotton thread throughout.
   [IMG_7528.jpg]
   [IMG_7533.jpg]
   [IMG_7537.jpg]
   3. Molde
   O molde que usei como base foi o Simplicity Babies 2629, vista A com
   mangas C (este molde é uma reprodução de um molde de 1948, e eu já o
   tinha experimentado há uns anos). Comecei por fazer um ensaio para ver
   se o tamanho 6 meses servia ao Pedro e, visto que ficava mesmo à
   medida, aumentei o comprimento da saia e avancei para o vestido de
   baptizado. Mas depois as coisas começaram a complicar-se... Quando já
   ia a meio do vestido, resolvi começar de novo. Apercebi-me de que seria
   melhor de fazer um vestido ainda mais comprido, de forma a compensar a
   quantidade de entremeios que resolvi usar (admito que fui gulosa e
   optei pela bordagem "more is better" em vez do meu habitual "less is
   more") e completamente aberto atrás (o molde original tem apenas uma
   pequena abertura atrás, mas cheguei à conclusão de que não seria nada
   prática para vestir e despir, nem tão pouco eficaz... o facto de o
   vestido ser todo aberto atrás permitiu-me pegar no Pedro ao colo de
   maneira a que a frente do vestido continuasse com um bom cair).
   3. Pattern
   I based the dress on Simplicity Babies 2629, view A with sleeves C
   (this pattern is a reproduction from a 1948 one and I had already used
   it a few years ago). I started by sewing up a test version in order to
   check the fit of size 6 months and, since it fit well, I just traced a
   longer skirt and started making the christening gown. But then things
   got a little more complicated... When I was already half-way through, I
   decided to start over. I realised that I should make an even longer
   dress in order to balance out the amount of insertions I ended up
   including in the fancy band (I admit I was greedy in  wanting to show
   off all of my pretty trims) and one that had a completely open back
   (the original pattern features a short placket on the back but I
   quickly realised that such a small opening wouldn't be very practical
   when it came to dress and undress the baby, nor would it be very
   effective... an open back would allow me to handle Pedro much more
   easily and would prevent bunching up the skirt... I  really wanted that
   fancy band to drape beautifully!).
   [IMG_7540.jpg]
   4. Técnicas
   Comecei por fazer as nervuras com uma agulha dupla e um pé calcador
   especial (útil, mas nem por sombras obrigatório) em rectângulos de
   tecido (um grande para o corpo e dois mais pequenos para as mangas), e
   só depois usei o molde para cortar as peças. As rendas e os bordados
   foram aplicados com um pé calcador normal, alternando os pontos corrido
   e zigzag. Consegui utilizar costuras inglesas em tudo, até na inserção
   das mangas, o que me deixou muito contente. A certa altura debati-me
   com o facto de as costuras estarem a ficar todas repuxadas mas, depois
   de ter limpado e oleado a máquina,  mudado de agulha e voltado a enfiar
   a linha, o problema desapareceu. Apesar de gostar muito da minha
   máquina quarentona, houve alturas em que desejei ardentemente ter uma
   máquina moderna toda xpto, não vou mentir. Continuo a achar que há
   máquinas antigas bestiais (e a minha Bernina Record 830 é uma delas),
   mas para este tipo de "costura fina", suspeito que uma máquina moderna
   deva dar um jeitão.
   4. Techniques
   I pintucked the fabric using a double-needle and a special presser foot
   (which was useful, but not compulsory) before I even cut out the
   pattern, which means that I roughly cut one large and two smaller
   rectangles, pintucked them and only then did I cut out the pattern
   pieces for the front and for the sleeves. I sewed the laces, the
   entredeux and the embroidered trims with a regular foot, alternating
   between straight and zigzag stitching. I managed to French-seam the
   entire thing, even the sleeves, and that made me feel very happy and
   smug. I did struggle with puckered seams for a while but after I
   cleaned and oiled the machine, changed the needle and rethreaded it,
   things got much easier. Even though I love my 41-year-old machine,
   there were times when I felt a burning desire for a modern,
   top-of-the-line sewing machine, I'm not going to lie. I still believe
   that there are some wonderful vintage sewing machines out there (and my
   Bernina Record 830 is definitely one of them), but for this kind of
   "fine sewing" I suspect a modern machine must come in handy.
   [IMG_7548.jpg]
   5. Acessórios
   O vestido interior foi feito com base no mesmo molde, desta vez a vista
   F com algumas modificações. A touca é baseada num modelo antigo, também
   com modificações. Para ficar a condizer com o vestido, cosi-lhe umas
   quantas nervuras e apliquei-lhe um dos entremeios bordados que usei na
   barra da saia, assim como a mesma renda com que debruei o decote e os
   punhos.
   5. Accessories
   The slip was cut using view F the same pattern, with a few alterations.
   The bonnet was based on a vintage pattern, with a few tweaks of my own.
   In order for it to match the dress, I included one of the trims I used
   on the skirt, as well as a few pintucks and the same lace edging used
   on the collar and sleeves.
   [IMG_7516.jpg]
   [IMG_7575.jpg]
   6. Balanço
   O que me aborrece:
   - O facto de o entremeio mais largo da barra do vestido não ser tão
   branco como os restantes (o quarto onde coso é um bocado escuro e só me
   apercebi do contraste quando vi estas fotografias).
   - Não ter conseguido fazer o famigerado bordado — o vestido foi todo
   desenhado em função desse bordado e, se tivesse decidido logo à partida
   que não teria tempo para o fazer, acho que teria desenhado um vestido
   diferente.
   - Ter estado tão limitada com os materiais.
   - Ter cosido o vestido à pressa (por culpa minha) e com inúmeras e
   frustrantes interrupções (perfeitamente normais... fazem parte de ter
   dois filhos pequenos).
   O que me alegra:
   - Fiz um vestido de baptizado!
   - Esforcei-me imenso e fartei-me de aprender.
   - A filha de uma amiga minha ganhou dois vestidos novos (depois
   mostro-vos os ensaios em pormenor noutro post).
   Agora estou a precisar de umas férias!
   6. Final assessment
   Things that bother me:
   - The fact that the widest eyelet insertion on the fancy band is not as
   white as the other trims (my sewing room is rather dark and I only
   noticed the contrast when I looked at these photos).
   - Not having done the whitework — especially because that was the
   "raison d'être" of this dress. Had I decided straight away that I
   wouldn't have time to make the embroidery, I think I would have
   designed a different dress.
   - Being so limited by the materials I had.
   - Having sewn the dress in such a race against time (my fault entirely)
   and the constant and oh so frustrating interruptions (that are
   perfectly natural and come with having two young children).
   Things that make me happy:
   - I made a christening gown!
   - I strove to do my best and learned so much.
   - My friend's little daughter will get two new dresses (I'll talk about
   my trials runs in detail on another blog post).
   Now I need a break!
   [IMG_7662.jpg]
   Posted by Concha at 14:22 69 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: sewing

07 April 2015

Costura de Legado :: Heirloom Sewing

   [IMG_7272.jpg]
   Após meses de pesquisa — uma palavra muito pomposa para descrever as
   horas que tenho passado na internet  e mergulhada em livros, em busca
   de inspiração e de técnicas avançadas de costura —, comecei finalmente
   a fazer o vestido de baptizado do Pedro. Está a ser o meu projecto de
   costura mais ambicioso até à data, aquele que está a mexer mais com os
   meus nervos e, simultaneamente, aquele que me está a entusiasmar mais.
   Claro que estou entusiasmada: é a única oportunidade que tenho para
   fazer um vestido para os meus filhos!
   Este é um vestido feito a pensar no Pedro, mas também em muitos outros
   bebés que um dia venham a usá-lo. Espero que venha a ser emprestado
   várias vezes e que dure mais de uma geração, e que seja sempre
   acompanhado da história do primeiro bebé que o vestiu, o tal bebé que
   nasceu num jardim na Nova Zelândia.
   Tenho-me divertido bastante a  partilhar os passos da construção do
   vestido no meu Instagram. A seguir ao baptizado, faço um post detalhado
   sobre a motivação, o processo e o resultado. Até lá — agora tenho de ir
   coser a todo o vapor!
   [christening%2Bgown.jpg]
   After months of research — that's a rather pompous word for all the
   hours I spent online and with my head buried in books, searching for
   inspiration and heirloom sewing techniques —, I've finally started
   making Pedro's christening gown. This is my most ambitious sewing
   project to date, the one that's been playing up with my nerves the most
   but also the most exciting yet. I mean, how could I not be excited?
   It's my only chance to sew a dress for my son!
   It's a dress made for Pedro but also for all the babies who will
   hopefully wear it one day in the future. I'm hoping that it will be
   borrowed several times and that it lasts more than one generation, and
   that it's always accompanied by the story of the baby who wore it for
   the first time, the baby who was born in a garden in New Zealand.
   It's been fun to share the various steps of its construction over
   at Instagram. After the christening I'll write a detailed post about
   the motivation, process and result. Now I've got to get back to sewing
   at full-speed!
   Posted by Concha at 20:31 32 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: handmade clothes, sewing

30 March 2015

Por Aqui :: Around Here

   [IMG_6602.jpg]
   [IMG_6688.jpg]
   [IMG_6422-3.jpg]
   [IMG_6130.jpg]
   [IMG_6916.jpg]
   [IMG_6638.jpg]
   [IMG_6648.jpg]
   [IMG_6619.jpg]
   [IMG_6670.jpg]
   [IMG_6676.jpg]
   [IMG_7019.jpg]
   [IMG_6982.jpg]
   Por aqui estamos em pleno Outono, com tudo o que de bom e mau isso
   implica. Março é o meu mês preferido nos antípodas (equivale a Setembro
   no hemisfério norte) e costuma ser um mês de extremos: frio, calor,
   tempestades, chuva torrencial, sol radioso. Mas é a luz dourada que
   mais me atrai nesta altura do ano, bem como as cores das folhas das
   árvores, as bagas nos arbustos e a abundância de fruta e legumes.
   Temos aproveitado ao máximo os dias bons para para brincar no jardim,
   passear, ir apanhar amoras e maçãs à beira da estrada... Infelizmente
   os meus passeios a pé depois do jantar já acabaram (não gosto nada de
   passear no escuro) e a época das febres já chegou cá a casa.
   Uma nova estação traz novos ritmos, novas actividades e novas
   conquistas. Bem-vindo, Outono!
   Around here it's autumn, with all the good and the bad this it entails.
   March is my favourite month in the antipodes (it's the equivalent of
   September in the northern hemisphere) and it's usually a month
   of contrasts: cold, hot, stormy, rainy, sunny. But it's the golden
   light that attracts me the most, as well as the leaves changing colour,
   the berries and the abundance of fruit and vegetables.
   We've been making the most of the sunny days by playing in the garden,
   exploring new places, picking blackberries and apples on road verges...
   Unfortunately my daily walks after dinner have come to an end as I
   don't like walking after dark, and fever season is upon us.
   A new season brings new rhythms, new activities and new
   milestones. Welcome, autumn!
   Posted by Concha at 22:06 97 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: autumn, domestic life

25 March 2015

Three Baby Jumpsuits :: Três Macaquinhos de Bebé

   [IMG_7184.jpg]
   Acho que encontrei o meu molde preferido de roupa de bebé: o Simplicity
   8989 de 1970. O Pedro está a precisar de roupa de meia estação (algo
   que tape as pernas mas que não seja demasiado quente), por isso usei
   este molde para fazer-lhe três macaquinhos diferentes. O tamanho do
   molde é 1/2 ano e serve perfeitamente a este bebé rechonchudo de quase
   8 meses.
   I think I've found my favourite baby sewing pattern: Simplicity 8989
   from 1970. Pedro is in need of some autumn clothes (something that
   covers up his legs but which isn't too warm) so I used this pattern to
   whip up three different jumpsuits for him. The pattern is sized "1/2
   year" and it fits this almost 8-month-old chubby baby perfectly.
   [IMG_6775.jpg]
   [IMG_6822.jpg]
   [IMG_6791.jpg]
   Fiz o primeiro numa popelina em xadrez escocês escolhida pelo Rodrigo
   (nem imaginam como ele ficou orgulhoso quando viu o resultado). O Tiago
   comentou que o Pedro, assim vestido, parece que vai para o boogie
   woogie... quando lhe disse que o molde era de 1970, ele não se mostrou
   nada admirado. Significará isto que o macaquinho ficou demasiado retro?
   Eu acho que ficou bem engraçado, com um certo ar de bibe de colégio.
   Agora que olho para ele, acho que deveria ter cortado aquelas presilhas
   na cintura em viés...
   I made the first one in a plaid poplin chosen by Rodrigo (he was so
   proud when he saw the resulting outfit!). When Tiago first saw it, he
   commented that Pedro was clearly ready to go do the boogie woogie...
   and he wasn't surprised when I told him that the pattern is from 1970.
   Does this mean that the jumpsuit is too retro-looking? I think
   it turned out quite cute, it sort of reminds me of a public school
   uniform. Now that I'm looking at it again, I wish I had cut those
   button tabs on the bias...
   [IMG_7029.jpg]
   [IMG_7053.jpg]
   [IMG_7036.jpg]
   O segundo foi feito com um tecido às florzinhas. Quando o mostrei ao
   Tiago, ele expressou as suas dúvidas... um rapaz vestido à menina? Mas
   acho que o Pedro aguenta perfeitamente este tecido — e vocês, o que
   acham?
   I chose to make the second jumpsuit in a floral material. When I showed
   it to Tiago he had his doubts... a boy dressed up like a girl? But I
   think Pedro can totally pull this off — what about you, do you reckon
   that it's too girly?
   [IMG_7024.jpg]
   [IMG_7107.jpg]
   [IMG_7155.jpg]
   Para fazer o terceiro usei um tecido indiscutivelmente masculino, que
   me foi enviado pela Trine há um ano. Também acho que deveria ter
   cortado as presilhas de outra maneira — neste caso, com as riscas na
   horizontal em vez de na vertical.
   Veredito final: gosto imenso deste molde! É fácil e rápido de fazer
   (mesmo com costuras inglesas) e parece-me muito confortável. O Pedro
   aprova!
   The third one was was made using a very masculine fabric that Trine
   sent me last year. I should have cut those button tabs differently...
   they would be much more effective if the stripes were running
   horizontally instead of vertically.
   Final verdict: I love this pattern! It's easy and quick to sew (even
   with French seams) and it looks very comfortable. Pedro approves!
   Posted by Concha at 11:04 44 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: baby, handmade clothes, sewing

17 March 2015

Vestido de Praia :: Beach Cover-Up

   [IMG_4298.jpg]
   [IMG_4308.jpg]
   [IMG_4312.jpg]
   [IMG_4296.jpg]
   [IMG_5434.jpg]
   [IMG_5554.jpg]
   Às vezes sinto-me o Grinch da confecção, sempre a pensar "tantos
   passos! isto demora um tempo louco! enfrentar os moldes, cortar os
   tecidos, decifrar instruções, engomar, coser, engomar, coser...". O que
   vale é que fazer roupa é um bocado como passar por um parto: custa mas,
   quando uma pessoa olha para o resultado, acha que tudo valeu a pena.
   Aquele fenómeno curioso da memória selectiva também acontece: as partes
   difíceis são apagadas e só nos lembramos do quanto aprendemos, de como
   crescemos, de como nos tornámos pessoas melhores...
   É óbvio que estou a exagerar, mas lá que fazer roupa dá uma
   trabalheira, ai isso dá. Então, se aparentemente me queixo tanto
   (sempre em silêncio! ou será que não?...), porque é que insisto? Bem, a
   verdade é que fazer roupa dá imenso gozo. Mesmo que o resultado fique
   com ar de ter sido feito em casa, mesmo que haja mangas mal embebidas,
   franzidos que não deveriam existir, bainhas onduladas, pregas
   inconsistentes... Pegar num bocado de tecido e transformá-lo em algo
   para vestir é fabuloso. Uma pessoa sente-se poderosa, independente,
   criadora! Depois, já o disse muitas vezes e repito: o panorama do
   pronto-a-vestir na NZ é terrível. Sim, todos temos gostos diferentes,
   lá por eu não gostar não significa que seja feio... Pois claro. Mas
   este sítio onde vivo é um deserto. Sabem todas aquelas lojas que
   existem em qualquer rua na Europa? Cá não há uma única e, infelizmente,
   a alternativa é fraca. Bem, vou parar de dizer mal da NZ, que é um país
   encantador e cheio de gente boa. Como em Inglaterra praticamente não
   comprei roupa (aí por outras razões, como o clima e o orçamento), neste
   momento tenho muito pouca coisa para vestir. Isso significa que, se não
   consigo comprar, tenho de fazer.
   Ora bem, os meus conhecimentos nesta área são limitados. Não sei
   alterar moldes, manipular pinças, corrigir ombros, etc. etc., por isso
   tenho de começar por fazer coisas simples. Em anos passados, fiz uns
   quantos vestidos (uns com mais uso que outros), uma t-shirt (que hei-de
   repetir porque a usei imenso), calças de pijama e roupa infantil. Tenho
   comprado muitos moldes antigos aqui na NZ (espero pôr uma série deles à
   venda em breve) e resolvi experimentar fazer um balandrau dos anos 80.
   Vamos então por pontos:
   [style%2B4090.jpg]
   1. Molde
   Style 4090 (© 1984). Eis o que me chamou a atenção: o colarinho e a
   carcela, as mangas kimono com aquela banda (na versão curta), o facto
   de ser largo e fresco. E o pormenor de ser fácil de fazer, claro. Os
   sacos de batatas não precisam de assentar muito bem porque, por
   definição, não favorecem ninguém. Minto: favorecem as pessoas muito
   magras, mas eu encontro-me a milhas dessa categoria... Mas a vida são
   dois dias e o Verão aqui é quente e húmido, e estes vestidos largos são
   frescos e confortáveis.
   2. Tecido
   Numa cidade perto da minha casa em Inglaterra, havia uma loja de
   tecidos que era uma autêntica caverna de Ali Babá. Tinha os habituais
   rolos de tecido, mas havia também uma série de cestos a abarrotar de
   retalhos, que eram vendidos a peso. Todos os tecidos nesses cestos
   tinham defeito (alguns pequenos, outros maiores). Este tecido
   cor-de-rosa com cornucópias cor-de-laranja veio de um desses cestos. É
   um tecido curioso: muito leve, difícil de coser até (andei às voltas
   com a tensão da minha máquina e com a pressão do calcador), que muda de
   cor quando é engomado (quando arrefece volta ao normal). Parece-me ser
   de algodão, porque não tem nem o cheiro nem o toque do poliester, e não
   é muito apropriado para um vestido porque é transparente. Mas como eu
   queria experimentar o molde, mas simultaneamente não me apetecia perder
   tempo com uma prova em pano cru, decidi usar este tecido. Acho que dá
   perfeitamente para ser usado como saída de praia.
   3. Alterações
   Normamente descrevo em pormenor as alterações que fiz porque acho que o
   meu texto poderá vir a ser útil a outras pessoas que comprem o mesmo
   molde (eu vou sempre espreitar o que já foi feito antes de comprar um
   molde). No entanto, como este é antigo e raro (não encontro uma única
   referência a ele na internet), acho que não vale a pena alongar-me.
   Assim que saltem à vista, as modificações que fiz foram não fazer casas
   nem pregar botões na carcela, cortar o vestido com um comprimento entre
   túnica e vestido abaixo do joelho (para tentar contra-balançar o
   volume) e aplicar um galão na bainha, porque o tecido ao longe parece
   liso e a barra ajuda a cortar esse efeito.
   4. Notas finais
   Em relação às fotografias... há qualquer coisa de ridículo nisto de nos
   pormos a fazer poses em frente à máquina para mostrarmos a roupa que
   fizemos e depois publicarmos as imagens na internet. Há quem o consiga
   fazer muito bem, mas eu? Nem por isso. Ainda pensei mostrar apenas as
   fotografias do vestido no manequim, mas não há dúvida de que a roupa
   ganha outra vida quando é vestida, por isso deixo aqui uns outtakes de
   uma sessão fotográfica que fizemos em cima de uns fardos de palha,
   durante as nossas férias na costa este da NZ.
   Enfim. Voltando ao vestido, é um saco de batatas muito confortável e
   vou voltar a fazê-lo, mas para a próxima num tecido melhor.
   Sometimes I feel like I'm the Grinch of dressmaking: I'm always
   thinking things like "so many steps! I can't believe this takes sooo
   looong! all this dealing with the paper patterns, cutting fabric,
   deciphering instructions, press, sew, press, sew...". But sewing
   clothes is a bit like going through labour —it's painful but when you
   look at the result, you feel like it was all worth it. That curious
   phenomenon of selective memory also occurs: all the difficult bits
   are wiped out and you only recall everything you've learned along the
   way, how much you've grown as a human being, how you're a much better
   person now...
   I'm kidding, of course, but let's all agree that making clothes is
   indeed a lot of work. So if I keep whining about it (in silence! or
   maybe not?...) why do I insist on doing it? Well, the fact is that
   making clothes is great. Even if the resulting garments look homemade,
   if the sleeves aren't properly set in, if you can spot the odd
   puckering, if the hems are a bit wavy, if the pleats are
   inconsistent... Taking a flat piece of fabric and turning it into
   something you can actually wear is fabulous. You feel powerful,
   independent, the creator of something! In addition to this and as far
   as I'm concerned, shopping for clothes in NZ is hard. I know we've all
   got different tastes and I don't want to say bad things about NZ, as
   it's a wonderful country filled with good people. But I haven't bought
   new clothes for years so, at the moment, I haven't got much to
   wear. That means that, if I can't buy, I must sew.
   Well, my skills in this area are very limited, I can't alter a pattern
   and I am incapable of shifting darts, correcting shoulders, etc. etc.,
   so I have to start by making simple clothes. In past years I've sewn a
   few dresses (some of which have been worn more than others), a t-shirt
   (which I must make again because I wore that one until it almost fell
   apart), pyjama bottoms and children's clothes. I've been buying lots of
   vintage patterns (I'm hoping to put some up for sale soon) and I
   decided to try making a 1980s potato sack. Let me tell you all about
   it:
   1. Pattern
   Style 4090 (© 1984). Here's what caught my eye: the collar and placket,
   the kimono sleeves and that band (in the shorter version of the
   sleeves), the fact that it's loose and therefore cool. And, of course,
   the fact that it's easy to sew. Potato sacks don't have to fit very
   well because they aren't flattering on anyone. No, I'm lying: they do
   look great on skinny women but since I'm miles away from that
   category... But you know what? Life is short and summers in NZ are hot
   and humid, and dresses like this one are cool and comfortable to wear.
   2. Fabric
   In a city near my house in England, there was a fabric shop that was a
   real Ali Baba cave. In addition to the usual rolls of fabric, there
   were these baskets with remnants that were sold by weight (every
   remnant had some kind of flaw). This fabric came from one of those
   baskets. It features orange paisleys on a hot pink background and it's
   a funny sort of material: very lightweight, quite hard to sew (I had to
   mess around with both the tension in my machine and the pressure of the
   foot) and it changes colour when it's pressed (as soon as it cools down
   it goes back to normal). It looks like cotton to me because it doesn't
   smell or feel like polyester, but I can't be sure, and it's not really
   appropriate for a dress because it's sheer. But I really wanted to try
   out this pattern and I wasn't feeling like making a toile out of, you
   know, muslin, so I went with it anyway. I think it's perfectly
   acceptable as a beach cover-up.
   3. Alterations
   Usually I write about all the alterations I've made to the pattern I'm
   blogging about because it might be useful to someone who's
   contemplating using the same pattern (before I start sewing something
   I'll always look for how people have interpreted the pattern in
   question). However, since this is an old and apparently rare pattern (I
   can't find anything online about it), I'll be brief: I skipped the
   buttons and buttonholes on the placket, I cut the length somewhere
   between tunic and dress (to balance out all that volume) and I stitched
   a jacquard ribbon near the hem.
   4. Final notes
   In regard to photographs... I can't help but feel that there's
   something a bit ridicule about this whole thing of posing for clothes
   photos and posting about them on the internet. Some people can get away
   with it — but me? Not really. So I thought of only showing you the
   dress on the dress form but that felt a bit short... clothes do get a
   new life when they are being worn by a person. So here are a couple of
   outtakes from a photo session we did during our holidays on a hay
   field.
   Anyway, back to the dress. It's a very comfortable potato sack and I'll
   make it in a better fabric next time.
   Posted by Concha at 14:24 28 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: handmade clothes, sewing

16 March 2015

Bolachas Sem Glúten :: Gluten-Free Biscuits

   [IMG_4576.jpg]
   No mês passado fui passar uma manhã a casa de uma amiga. Como não gosto
   de aparecer em casa de alguém de mãos a abanar, resolvi levar-lhe umas
   bolachas. No entanto, a minha escolha de bolachas estava limitada por
   um factor importante: esta minha amiga não come coisas com glúten.
   Na minha pesquisa online de receitas de bolachas sem glúten,
   apareceram-me muitas hipóteses com ingredientes estranhos e difíceis de
   encontrar. Mas não era nada daquilo que eu estava à procura... não me
   apetecia nada fazer uma receita cheia de substituições — queria
   simplesmente umas bolachas simples e honestas. A verdade é que cá em
   casa temos a sorte de não nos termos de preocupar com restrições
   alimentares (pelo menos por enquanto), por isso toda a ciência por trás
   das substituições ultrapassa-me... mas conheço um caso grave e nem
   imagino como deverá ser difícil ter de lidar com alergias perigosas
   diariamente.
   A certa altura deparei-me com esta receita da Martha Stewart. Foi
   perfeita para a ocasião porque não utiliza farinha de trigo, só aveia,
   e as bolachas são deliciosas. Deixei de fora as passas e o extracto de
   baunilha e certifiquei-me de que as bolachas ficaram bem cozidas antes
   de as tirar do forno (eu normalmente tenho tendência para cozer de
   menos as bolachas, porque gosto delas relativamente moles, mas estas
   desfazem-se se não ficarem bem cozidas).
   Na semana passada voltei a fazê-las, desta vez para uma senhora que
   está muito doente. E, mais uma vez, apercebi-me da razão pela qual
   gosto tanto de oferecer coisas feitas em casa. Há um envolvimento e um
   empenho dificilmente equiparáveis ao acto de comprar algo já feito.
   Claro que não temos necessariamente de fazer bolachas — pode ser uma
   carta, um desenho, um ramo de flores, uma almofada de alfazema. Ao
   oferecermos algo feito por nós, estamos a oferecer uma pequena parte de
   nós próprios. E é isso que torna o presente tão especial.
   Last month I spent a morning at a friend's house. Since I don't like
   showing up at someone's door without something on my hands, I thought
   I'd bake her some biscuits. However, my choice of biscuits was limited
   by a very important factor: my friend doesn't eat gluten.
   While I was searching online for a gluten-free recipe, I stumbled upon
   many options with strange or hard to find ingredients. But that wasn't
   what I was looking for. I didn't want a recipe full of substitutions —
   I just wanted to bake simple, honest biscuits. In our family we're
   incredibly lucky not to have to deal with any allergies (at least for
   now) so the whole science behind substituting ingredients is very
   foreign to me... but I do know of one serious case and I can't even
   imagine what it must be like to have to deal with dangerous allergies
   everyday.
   Eventually I came across this Martha Stewart recipe. These cookies are
   wonderful! I left out both the raisins and the vanilla extract and I
   made sure the cookies were fully cooked before I took them out of the
   oven (usually I tend to under-bake cookies because I like them on the
   softer side but these are too crumbly if they're not well done).
   Last week I made them again, this time for a lady who is very sick. And
   I found myself reflecting once again on why I love giving away homemade
   things. When we make something for someone with our own hands, there's
   a special involvement and effort that are hard to compare with
   something bought in a shop. Of course you don't have to bake if you're
   not into that —you can write a letter, make a drawing, put together a
   simple bouquet of flowers, sew a little lavender sachet. When you give
   away something made with your own hands, you're of giving away a small
   part of yourself. And that's what makes it so special.
   Posted by Concha at 21:29 27 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: food

13 March 2015

Coser para Raparigas :: Sewing for Girls

   [IMG_6589-2.jpg]
   [IMG_6580-2.jpg]
   [IMG_6593-2.jpg]
   [IMG_6582-2.jpg]
   [IMG_6568-2.jpg]
   A Patrícia, que escreve o blog Pequeno Mundo a Três e que organizou o
   nosso movimento de coser por uma boa causa, é mãe de duas pequenitas:
   uma com três anos e outra que irá nascer muito em breve. Lembrámo-nos
   de a surpreender com uma espécie de baby shower virtual, em que cada
   uma de nós escolheu fazer uma ou mais peças para o bebé, para a irmã
   mais velha e/ou para a mãe.
   Eu fiquei bastante entusiasmada com esta oportunidade de fazer roupa a
   condizer para as duas irmãs. Gosto muito de coser para os meus rapazes
   mas, digam o que disserem, coser para raparigas é muito mais giro!
   A minha selecção do tecido e dos modelos não foi imediata, porque nem
   todos temos o mesmo gosto e tive medo de que a Patrícia não se revisse
   nas minhas escolhas... Depois de muitas indecisões, resolvi fazer como
   se fosse para mim e escolhi uma popelina com um padrão muito veranil
   (espero que a Patrícia não ache aquele amarelo-limão-quase-fluorescente
   e aquele roxo demasiado avant-garde para um bebé) e dois modelos
   diferentes de macaquinhos.
   O molde do macaquinho de bebé vem na revista finlandesa Ottobre 3/2011.
   Já o tinha feito no tamanho 9 meses para umas gémeas (aqui), mas desta
   vez experimentei fazê-lo para 3 meses. Acrescentei um vivo no mesmo tom
   de amarelo do tecido e cosi tudo com costuras inglesas.
   O molde do macaquinho de criança vem na Burda Style Kids 3/2014 e
   parece-me ideal para levar para a praia ou para brincar ao ar livre num
   dia de muito calor. Andei à procura de um cordão amarelo para a cintura
   mas, como não consegui encontrar nada de jeito, resolvi utilizar a
   mesma fita de viés que usei para fazer os vivos do macaquinho de bebé.
   Foi a primeira vez que usei um molde da revista Burda e, passada a
   confusão inicial, a coisa até nem correu mal.
   Adorei fazer estas duas peças e vou continuar a fazer roupa para
   raparigas sempre que tenha oportunidade para isso. Muitos parabéns,
   Patrícia, espero que gostes dos nossos presentes!
   Não deixem de espreitar tudo aquilo o que a Rita, a Marta, a Ana Sofia,
   a Inês, a Carla, a Soraia, a Maria João, a Sara e a Magda fizeram!
   Patricia —who writes the blog Pequeno Mundo a Três and who organised
   our sewing for charity last Christmas — is the mother of two little
   girls: a 3-year-old one and a little baby who is about to be born. We
   thought we'd surprise her with a kind of virtual baby shower, where
   each of us would sew a few gifts for the baby, the older sister and/or
   the mum.
   I was pretty excited about this chance to sew matching clothes for two
   sisters. I love sewing for my boys but, let's face it, sewing for girls
   is a lot more fun!
   I had some trouble selecting both the fabric and the patterns...
   Because we humans don't all share the same taste, I was afraid that
   Patricia wouldn't like my choices. After much indecision I just went
   with my gut and picked a floral poplin in bright colours (I'm hoping
   that Patricia won't find that almost-neon-yellow and that purple too
   avant-garde for a baby) and two different styles of playsuits.
   The pattern for the baby playsuit is from the Finnish magazine Ottobre
   3/2011. I'd already sewed it once in size 9 months for baby twins
   (blogged) but this time I went with the 3 months sizing. I added piping
   in the same acid yellow that's featured in the fabric and I French
   seamed everything.
   The pattern for the toddler playsuit is included in Burda Style Kids
   3/2014 and I think it's perfect for a trip to the beach or for playing
   outdoors in a hot day. I searched for a yellow cord for the waist
   casing but couldn't find anything suitable, so I went with the same
   bias tape I used to make the piping for the baby playsuit. It was the
   first time I tried sewing from a Burda pattern and as soon as I
   conquered my fear, everything went quite smoothly.
   Don't forget to check out what Rita, Marta, Ana Sofia,
   Inês, Carla, Soraia, Maria João, Sara and Magda have made!
   Posted by Concha at 21:02 28 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: sewing

10 March 2015

Me @ Faça Fácil Costura Profissional

   [FFProfissional15_Constanc%CC%A7aCabral-page-001.jpg]
   [FFProfissional15_Constanc%CC%A7aCabral-page-002.jpg]
   No último número da revista Faça Fácil Costura Profissional há uma
   pequena entrevista comigo. Fiquei muito contente por ter recebido este
   convite e gostei imenso de ver o resultado. Muito obrigada à equipa da
   Faça Fácil!
   There's an interview with me in the last issue of the Portuguese
   magazine Faça Fácil Costura Profissional. I was very happy to get this
   request and I love how it turned out. Thank you to everyone at Faça
   Fácil!
   Posted by Concha at 14:04 41 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: ego
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
   Related Posts Plugin for WordPress, Blogger...

Hello! I'm Constança

   Hello! I'm Constança
     * Instagram
     * Facebook
     * Pinterest

   [lank.gif?id=513838]

Follow by Email

   ____________________ Submit

Quilt Kits

   Quilt Kits

Labels

   aprons art autumn bab baby bags bibs Blanc books+magazines chitas
   Christmas clutches crafts crafty itinerary domestic life dresses ego
   fabrics fabrics and trims films food guest blogging handmade clothes
   happy clients History inspiration kids knitting Life is Messy Bootcamp
   Lisboa mail my book natal nature new zealand nz other sewn goods paper
   Portugal printing projects quilting refashioning relocating renovating
   repurposing reviews scarves scraps seasons sewing sewing machine shop
   talk shows spring step-by-step summer tartan travel UK videos vintage
   vintage fashion winter

Blog Archive

   [Blog Archive__]

   Follow @conchacabral
