   #Dracula: The Webquest - Atom Dracula: The Webquest - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar

Dracula: The Webquest

Welcome, Mr. Harker...

   Remember to pause the mp3 player at your right before playing the
   video!
   [EMBED]
   Come in, come in! Welcome to my humble house. Would you like to have a
   cup of wine? Hmmm... No, not me. I never drink... wine.
   So you want to know something about Dracula, uhm? Well, well, well. You
   asked the right person, yes. Go on reading, and you will find some
   interesting things about this misterious person, the terrible vampire!
   I will guide you, and you'll find all the information you need to
   defeat your terrible teacher. Join me and my sons, the wolves, in this
   frightening trip to the heart of the undead.
   By the end of the webquest, your group is supposed to prepare a brief
   oral presentation for your mates in the classroom, explaining what you
   learned about Dracula, the Vampire... Remember that your time for this
   quest is limited to 150 minutes, before Dracula escapes!
   You should talk about the following aspects:
   Who is Dracula?
   First of all, you need some basic information about the vampire. Follow
   this link and find the real name of the historical figure hidden behind
   Dracula, and where did he live.
   Now that you know about his real name and the region where he lived,
   discover the current name of the country he inhabited here (first
   paragraph).
   The novel
   The origin of Dracula is a novel, entitled Dracula. It was written some
   years ago, by an Irish man. Find his name, and the year it was
   published, here.
   Now you are ready to know what happens through the whole novel. Read
   the summary of the plot here!
   Dracula and cinema
   There have been many Dracula movies during the last century. Get
   familiarized with some of them here, here and here, and try to find two
   or three important actors who played the role of Dracula in different
   films, and some pictures of them using this internet search engine.
   Vampires nowadays
   Dracula and the figure of the vampire are still powerful myths and
   icons today, even in spite of the more than a hundred years since the
   first publishing of the novel. The figure of the Count is a source of
   inspiration for comics (first paragraph), cartoons, films, painting,
   music, TV shows... So he is still alive! Be safe, my friends, and watch
   your necks!

Information for teachers

   Webquest developed for the MIVCI course 'Uso de las nuevas tecnologías
   en el aprendizaje del inglés'.
   Level required: 2º Bachillerato. Groups 3-5 people.
   Author: Juan Luis Pérez de Luque.
   Miscellaneous information: This webquest deals with the figure of
   Dracula, dealing not only with the novel, but also with the historical
   character, the figure of the vampire in society, etc. The final result
   must be an oral presentation, and during the process of fulfiling the
   webquest, students should use all the basic skills (reading, writing,
   speaking and listening). All the links were last accessed on May'08.
   Página principal
   Suscribirse a: Entradas (Atom)

                                   [EMBED]
                   Get Music Tracks!   Create A Playlist!

   [bT*xJmx*PTEyMTAzNDAxNjM3NTAmcHQ9MTIxMDM*MDE2ODA*NiZwPTE4MDMxJmQ9Jm49Jm
   c9MQ==.jpg]
