Knotfest Meets Hellfest 2019

     * LINEUP
     * INFO
     *
          +
          +
          +

   kf-header-5.jpg

   2000 DERNIERS BILLETS EN VENTES !! VOTRE DERNIÈRE CHANCE DE NOUS
   REJOINDRE EN ENFER

   BILLETS

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/b36laLCQxdQ

   knotfest-logos.png
   lineup.jpg
   INFO.jpg

Join Us

   * indicates required
   Email Address * ____________________
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Country [____________________________________________]
   GDPR Marketing Permissions

   Please select all the ways you would like to hear from KNOTFEST FRANCE:

   [ ] Email [ ] Direct Mail [ ] Customized Online Advertising

   You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of
   our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please view
   our Privacy Policy.

   We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to
   subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to
   Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy
   practices here.
   ____________________
   Subscribe

   CONTACT | PRIVACY POLICY
   [tr?id=1931906243782952&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
Knotfest Meets Hellfest 2019

     * LINEUP
     * INFO
     *
          +
          +
          +

PRIVACY POLICY

   KNOTFEST – Privacy Policy

   1. INTRODUCTION

   5B Artist Management (“5B Artist Management”” or “We”, “Our” or “Us”)
   care about Your privacy and We always handle Your personal information
   as set out in the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation
   (”GDPR”). We are obliged to collect and process personal data in
   accordance with the GDPR, regardless whether Our users are based within
   the EU or not. We take Our obligations seriously and always collects
   personal data responsibly and with Your privacy in mind.

   This privacy policy explains how We process information that can be
   used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (”Personal Data”)
   collected through the use of Our website knotfestfrance.com
   (“Website”).

   Personal Data is defined in Article 4 (1) of the GDPR:

   'personal data' means any information relating to an identified or
   identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural
   person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in
   particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an
   identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or
   more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental,
   economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

   2. COLLECTION OF DATA

   The Website only collects, by itself or through third parties, Personal
   Data which has been voluntarily submitted by You (e-mail address) or
   collected through cookies or Your use of the Website.

   With your consent we collect Personal Data and Usage Data and use it
   for the purposes set out in the policy, see section 3.

   The term “Usage Data” shall mean information collected automatically
   through the use of the Website (or third-party services employed on
   this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of
   the computers utilized by the person who use the Website, the URI
   addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the
   method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the
   file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of
   the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of
   origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized
   by You, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on
   each page within the Website) and the details about the path followed
   within the Website with special reference to the sequence of pages
   visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or
   Your IT environment.

   3. PURPOSE OF AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA

   The purposes of processing

   We use Usage Data and Personal Data for the following purposes:

   - managing contacts

   - sending newsletters and messages

   - analytics and

   - remarketing and behavioral targeting (i.e. market Us to You in other
   channels through the use of pixels or cookies etc.)

   For more detailed information about such purposes and information of
   the specific Personal Data and Usage Data used for each purpose, see
   the relevant section below.

   Legal basis of processing

   Our legal basis of processing Usage Data and Personal Data for the
   purposes set out in this document and sharing such data with any
   third-party service providers listed below, is Your consent.

   3.1. Managing contacts and sending newsletters and messages

   We use Your email address to send You newsletters/messages and market
   Our products.

   We use MailChimp to administrate and send newsletter to the email
   addresses We collect.

   MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service
   provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC. The handling of Your data
   through MailChimp is governed by Mail Chimps Privacy Policy that can be
   found here: – Privacy Policy.

   Place of processing: United States - Privacy Shield participant.

   3.2. Remarketing and behavioral targeting

   This type of service allows Us and Our partners to inform, optimize and
   serve advertising based on past use of the Website by You.

   The above activity is performed by tracking Your Usage data and by
   using cookies. The collected information is transferred to the partners
   (listed below) that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting
   activity.

   Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
   The service providers listed below may use cookies, web beacons, and
   other storage technologies to collect or receive information from Our
   Website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to
   provide measurement services and target ads.

   In addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, You
   may at any time opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by
   visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.

   Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)

   Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting
   service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of Our
   Website with the Facebook advertising network.

   Personal Data collected: cookies and email address.

   Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy
   Shield participant.

   3.3. Analytics

   The services contained in this section enable Us to monitor and analyze
   web traffic and can be used to keep track of a user’s behavior.

   Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.)

   Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by
   Google Inc. (“Google”) that connects data from the Google AdWords
   advertising network with actions performed on Our Website.

   Personal Data collected: cookies and Usage Data.

   Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
   participant.

   Google Analytics (Google Inc.)

   Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google
   utilizes the Personal Data and Usage Data collected to track and
   examine the use of our Website, to prepare reports on its activities
   and share them with other Google services.

   Google may use the Personal Data and Usage Data collected to
   contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

   Personal Data collected: cookies and Usage Data.

   Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy
   Shield participant.

   Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook, Inc.)

   Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by
   Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network
   with actions performed on Our Website.

   Personal Data collected: cookies and Usage Data.

   Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
   participant.

   Twitter Ads conversion tracking (Twitter, Inc.)

   Twitter Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by
   Twitter, Inc. that connects data from the Twitter advertising network
   with actions performed on Our Website.

   Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.

   Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
   participant.

   3.4. Cookies

   We use information collected through cookies to:

   - to customize content

   - improve website functionality and

   - for the purposes set out above in this section 3.

   As we mentioned above, We use third party service providers, listed in
   this section 3, who may place cookies, webbeacons etc on Your device.

   By accepting this Privacy Policy You agree to Our use of cookies. For
   further, and more detailed, information about cookies and Our use of
   cookies see Our cookie policy.

   4. SHARING AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA

   We may only disclose Usage Data and Personal Data insofar as reasonably
   necessary for the purposes set out above in this Privacy Policy.

   In some cases, the Usage Data and Personal Data may be accessible to
   certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this
   Website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system
   administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical
   service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers within the EU, IT
   companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data
   processors by Us.

   We do NOT sell Personal Data to any third party without Your prior
   consent.

   5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP PERSONAL DATA?

   In general, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as
   required by the purpose it has been collected for.

   We may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period if You
   have given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not
   withdrawn. Furthermore, We may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a
   longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal
   obligation or upon order of an authority.

   For the specific retention periods for the Personal Data collected
   about You, see below.

   E-mail address (for sending newsletters and marketing/remarketing)

   We will hold Your e-mail address for a period of six (6) years.

   You have the opportunity to opt out from receiving newsletters and
   marketing e-mails from Us.

   Cookies

   We keep cookies and information collected through the use of cookies in
   accordance with what is stated in Our cookie policy.

   6. RECTIFICATION, ACCESS AND ERASURE OF PERSONAL DATA

   You may request access to and a copy of the Personal Data that We
   process in relation to You if You would like to know and verify the
   information We have on You.

   You have the right to correct inaccurate and/or incomplete information
   about Yourself. You have the right to be forgotten, which means You may
   request the deletion of Your Personal Data insofar as this Personal
   Data is no longer necessary for the purpose it was collected, or We
   have a legitimate interest to hold it. At Your request all our Personal
   Data will be erased as required by applicable law. You also have a
   right to withdraw any consent You have given, as well as ask Us to
   cease Our marketing efforts towards You.

   7. DATA PORTABILITY

   It is also Your right to receive the Personal Data which You have given
   to Us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and
   You have the right to transmit such Personal Data to another
   controller. This provision is applicable provided that the data is
   processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the
   Your consent.

   8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

   Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If
   We change this Privacy Policy in ways that affect how We use Your
   personal information, We will advise You of the choices You may have as
   a result of those changes. We will also inform You of that this Policy
   Privacy has changed.

   9. CONTACT INFORMATION AND COMPLAINTS

   If You have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or if You wish
   to exercise Your rights, please contact Us at:

   5B Artist Management

   Address: 12021 Jefferson Blvd, Culver City, CA 90230

   Phone number: 310-450-7132

   E-mail address: knotfestfrance@5bam.com

   Representatives: Stephen Reeder

   If You have any complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or in the way
   We handle Your Personal Data You may always contact Your national
   security authority on data processing.

   Knotfest – Cookie Policy

   See Knotfest's privacy policy for definitions and terms concerning the
   processing etc of Your Personal Data.

   1. COOKIES

   To make Our Website work properly, to analyze our visitor’s behavior on
   Our Website, and for marketing purposes We sometimes place small data
   files called cookies on Your device. Most websites do this too.

   2. WHAT ARE COOKIES

   A cookie (“Cookie”) is a small text file that a website saves on Your
   computer or mobile device when You visit the site. It enables the
   website to remember Your actions and preferences (such as login,
   language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of
   time, so You don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever You come back
   to the site or browse from one page to another.

   Cookies are either deleted automatically when You turn off your web
   browser, so called "session cookies", or are stored on Your computer to
   facilitate future visits on the website, so called "permanent cookies".
   Permanent cookies should also be deleted/expire, either automatically
   or after a certain period.

   Read more about cookies at aboutcookies.org.

   3. USE OF COOKIES

   Necessary for the functions of the Website

   This Website uses Cookies to save the User's session and to carry out
   other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of this
   Website, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic.

   Cookies for optimization etc.

   This Website uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize
   Your browsing experience. Among these Cookies are, for example, those
   used for the setting of language or for the management of first party
   statistics employed directly by Us.

   4. THIRD PARTY COOKIES

   Third party operated services listed below may be used to track Your
   browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and
   without Our knowledge.

   Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking
   systems through the services used within this Website cannot be
   technically controlled by Us, any specific references to Cookies and
   tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered
   indicative. In order to obtain complete information, We recommend that
   You consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services
   listed in this document.

   Remarketing and behavioral targeting

   This type of service allows Us and Our partners to inform, optimize and
   serve advertising based on past use of the Website by You.

   The above activity is performed by tracking Your Usage Data and by
   using Cookies (which may contain Personal Data). The collected
   information is transferred to the partners (listed below) that manage
   the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.

   Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
   The service providers listed below may use Cookies, web beacons, and
   other storage technologies to collect or receive information from Our
   Website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to
   provide measurement services and target ads

   In addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, You
   may at any time opt out of a third-party service's use of Cookies by
   visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.

   Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)

   Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting
   service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of Our
   Website with the Facebook advertising network.

   Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.

   Analytics

   The services contained in this section enable Us to, with the use of
   Usage Data and Cookies (which may contain Personal Data), monitor and
   analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of a user’s behavior.

   Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.)

   Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by
   Google Inc. (“Google”) that connects data from the Google AdWords
   advertising network with actions performed on Our Website.

   Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.

   Google Analytics (Google Inc.)

   Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google
   utilizes the Personal Data and Usage Data collected to track and
   examine the use of our Website, to prepare reports on its activities
   and share them with other Google services.

   Google may use the Personal Data and Usage Data collected to
   contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

   Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.

   Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook, Inc.)

   Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by
   Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network
   with actions performed on Our Website.

   Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.

   Twitter Ads conversion tracking (Twitter, Inc.)

   Twitter Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by
   Twitter, Inc. that connects data from the Twitter advertising network
   with actions performed on Our Website.

   Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.

   5. OTHER THIRD PARTY COOKIES

   Be aware that advertisers and other third parties may use their own
   Cookie tags when You click on an advertisement or link on the Website.
   These third parties are responsible for setting out their own Cookie
   and privacy policies.

   6. IS INFORMATION TRANSFERRED TO THIRD PARTIES?

   Personal Data and Usage Data may be transferred to the third-party
   service providers listed in this cookie policy.

   In order to obtain complete information on how those third parties
   handles Your data, we recommend that You consult the privacy policy for
   the respective third-party services listed in this document.

   7. HOW LONG ARE THE COOKIES SAVED?

   Some Cookies are erased immediately after you have left the Website.
   Other Cookies are saved on Your device in order for our Website to
   remember your preferences such as language and for Us to be able to
   analyze Your behavior on our Website etc. These Cookies may be saved
   for several years on Your device.

   Third party Cookies, from our service providers, may be stored on Your
   device for days, months or even longer. For more detailed information
   regarding third-party cookies please read the relevant third party
   privacy policy listed in this cookie policy.

   8. HOW TO CONTROL COOKIES

   You can control and/or delete Cookies as You wish – for details, see
   aboutcookies.org.

   You can delete all Cookies that are already on Your computer and You
   can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. You can also
   prevent third parties from placing Cookies. If You do this, however,
   You may have to manually adjust some preferences every time You visit a
   site and some services and functionalities may not work.

   With regard to Cookies installed by third parties, Users can manage
   their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the
   related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the
   third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.

   CONTACT | PRIVACY POLICY
   [tr?id=1931906243782952&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
