    #Guiding a First Generation to College RSS 2.0 alternate

   (BUTTON) Sections (BUTTON) Home (BUTTON) Search Skip to content

The New York Times

Opinionator

   (BUTTON) Search
   (BUTTON) Subscribe Now (BUTTON) Log In (BUTTON) 0 (BUTTON) Settings
   (BUTTON) Close search

Site Search Navigation

   Search NYTimes.com
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Clear this text input

   (BUTTON) Go

Site Navigation

Site Mobile Navigation

   Supported by
   [kicker-opinionpages.png]
   Opinionator
   Opinionator
   A Gathering of Opinion From Around the Web
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

   Fixes Apr 26, 2016 Apr 26, 2016

Guiding a First Generation to College


    By Tina Rosenberg

   Fixes

   Fixes looks at solutions to social problems and why they work.

   First of two articles.

   When Shane Hennings was starting his junior year at Jamaica Gateway to
   the Sciences High School in Queens, he knew he would go to college even
   though no one in his family had gone. “My mom and my family always said
   go and become someone,” he said. “I want to help my mom.”

   He assumed that he would go somewhere in the City University of New
   York system — probably York College, which was in the neighborhood, or
   a CUNY community college.

   “I never thought I’d get accepted to a private school,” he said. “I
   didn’t understand how to apply” to private school, or even to the State
   University of New York system of colleges.  And he certain never
   imagined that he could afford it.

   But when I met Hennings earlier this month, he had already been
   accepted to one SUNY college in Buffalo and another farther north, and
   was waiting to hear from SUNY’s University at Buffalo and from
   Canisius, a Jesuit college there with a strong health sciences program
   (Hennings wants to become an occupational therapist). He’s also waiting
   to see if the Canisius acceptance comes with a scholarship from New
   York’s Higher Education Opportunity Program.
   Photo
   Shane Hennings, center, getting advice from a college counselor at
   Jamaica Gateway to the Sciences High School in Queens.
   Shane Hennings, center, getting advice from a college counselor at
   Jamaica Gateway to the Sciences High School in Queens.Credit Nicole
   Bengiveno/The New York Times

   Hennings’s assumptions that his only options were community or
   non-selective colleges are typical for students whose families have no
   experience of college. They contribute to a huge and pernicious
   education gap between high-income and low-income kids. Yes, it’s true
   that a smaller percentage of poor students than rich are ready for good
   colleges — poverty is associated with worse grades and test scores. But
   the gap exists even among students who are ready. About 30,000 students
   from poor families score in the top 10 percent on the SAT or ACT
   college entrance exams and yet don’t go to selective schools. And
   nearly a quarter of low-income students who score in the top 25 percent
   on standardized tests never go to any college.
   Read more...

   Private Lives Apr 21, 2016 Apr 21, 2016

Fractured: A First Date


    By Jessica Caldwell

   Private Lives

   Private Lives: Personal essays on the news of the world and the news of
   our lives.
   Photo
   Credit Maelle Doliveux

   I was going out. I deserved it. I’d had lunch — one Diet Coke, two
   Marlboro Lights and a Chef’s Signature Lean Cuisine. I’d even done two
   luxurious miles in 24 minutes on the treadmill at the gym down the
   block. My stomach growled, angry for being empty, but I felt thin and
   attractive. There’s nothing more dangerous than a girl who feels thin
   and attractive.

     Whiskey made the world a warm hug. Everything and everyone was nice.
     Addiction, pollution, violence — these were things to worry about
     tomorrow.

   I hailed a cab to Union Hall in Park Slope. It was warm for late
   October. I was meeting friends. The top floor of Union Hall has
   fireplaces, leather couches, an indoor bocce court and a library with
   actual books, where pseudo intellectuals discussed the same three
   writers (Hemingway, Kerouac, Salinger) between Jaeger bombs.
   Wrinkle-free gingham button-downs, Wayfarers even though it was dark,
   boat shoes because we were close to the Gowanus. These guys all went to
   honorary Ivies and had entry levels at their dads’ companies. The suit
   factory can produce a fun night. Just don’t expect them to go Dutch on
   your Plan B.

   The line to the bar was long, so when I arrived I ordered two Jack and
   Diets for myself. The best investment you’ll ever make is a large tip
   on your first drink. Read more…

   Fixes Apr 19, 2016 Apr 19, 2016

How Dwindling Fish Stocks Got a Reprieve


    By Sylvia Rowley

   Fixes

   Fixes looks at solutions to social problems and why they work.

   “My wife told me to sell the boats,” says Brad Pettinger, a longtime
   trawl fisherman in the Pacific Northwest. “But I said, honey, who’s
   gonna buy them? At that time we just didn’t have anything.”

   The “anything” was fish to catch. Fifteen years ago, America’s vast $50
   million Pacific groundfish fishery, which stretches some 1,200 miles
   from Southern California to the Canadian border, collapsed.

   Several critical species — from the spiky, orange canary rockfish to
   the large lingcod — had dropped to below one-quarter of their natural,
   un-fished levels. Sharp restrictions were brought in, and the fishery
   was officially declared an economic disaster. Many fishermen found
   themselves stranded and facing bankruptcy. “It was a perfect example of
   too many trawlers chasing too few fish,” says Pettinger, who is now
   director of the Oregon Trawl Commission. “It was a dark time.”

   It’s a situation that has been repeated around the world, as
   overfishing, habitat destruction and climate change cause fish to
   disappear from the oceans at alarming rates. According to the United
   Nations Food and Agriculture Organization, 90 percent of fish stocks
   are being exploited at or beyond their maximum sustainable levels.

   Overfishing is often seen as a classic case of what economists call the
   “tragedy of the commons.” Clearly, fishing communities have a
   collective interest in making sure marine life sticks around; but it’s
   in each boat’s individual interests to grab as much as possible, as
   soon as possible. Once a fishery has broken down, fixing it is fraught
   with difficulties.
   Photo
   A fishing boat in Gloucester, Mass.
   A fishing boat in Gloucester, Mass.Credit Gretchen Ertl for The New
   York Times

   Hostility and distrust among the fishing industry, environmentalists
   and regulators means progress is often glacial. Rules to limit how much
   is caught can be hard to implement and often backfire — for example,
   when quotas force fishermen to discard thousands of tons of perfectly
   edible fish.

   Yet since the turn of the 21st century, something remarkable has
   happened in United States waters. After decades of shrinking fish
   populations, some trends have begun to shift.
   Read more...

   Couch Apr 19, 2016 Apr 19, 2016

  Should Therapists Write About Patients?


    By Gary Greenberg

   Couch

   Couch is a series about psychotherapy.
   Photo
   Credit Spencer Platt/Getty Images

   When it came time for the pre-publication legal review for my most
   recent book, I had an idea of what to expect, or so I thought. The book
   was highly critical of the American Psychiatric Association, a
   deep-pocketed, fiercely self-protective organization. I took particular
   aim at its most lucrative product, the Diagnostic and Statistical
   Manual of Mental Disorders. So I figured the review would rigorously
   investigate whether my account was fair and accurate enough to
   withstand any legal challenge.

   I was right about one thing: The review was a veritable inquisition.
   But I was wrong about the subject of the lawyer’s concern. It wasn’t
   the A.P.A. Instead, she was worried, nearly obsessively, about my
   accounts of interactions with my therapy patients. Read more…

   The Stone Apr 18, 2016 Apr 18, 2016

  The Perils of Being a Black Philosopher


    By Brad Evans and George Yancy

   The Stone

   The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers
   on issues both timely and timeless.
   Photo
   Mark Bradford, Dead Hummingbird, 2015, courtesy Mark Bradford and
   Hauser & Wirth
   Mark Bradford, Dead Hummingbird, 2015, courtesy Mark Bradford and
   Hauser & WirthCredit

   This is the second in a series of dialogues with philosophers on
   violence for The Stone. This conversation is with George Yancy, a
   professor of philosophy at Emory University and author, editor,
   co-editor of many books, including “Look, a White!” — Brad Evans

   Brad Evans: In response to a series of troubling verbal attacks you
   recently received following your essay in The Stone in December, “Dear
   White America,” the American Philosophical Association put out a
   strongly worded statement criticizing the bullying and harassment of
   academics in the public realm. But beyond this, shouldn’t we address
   the broader human realities of such hateful speech, and in particular,
   how this sort of discursive violence directly impacts the body of the
   person attacked?

   George Yancy: Your point about discursive violence is an important one.
   Immediately after the publication of “Dear White America,” I began to
   receive vile and vitriolic white racist comments sent to my university
   email address, and verbal messages sent to my answering machine. I even
   received snail mail that was filled with hatred. Imagine the time put
   into actually sitting down and writing a letter filled with so much
   hate and then sending it snail mail, especially in our world of the
   Internet.

   The alarming reality is that the response to “Dear White America”
   revealed just how much racism continues to exist in our so-called
   post-racial America. The comments were not about pointing out fallacies
   in my position, but were designed to violate, to leave me
   psychologically broken and physically distraught.

   Words do things, especially words like “nigger,” or being called an
   animal that should go back to Africa or being told that I should be
   “beheaded ISIS style.” One white supremacist message sent to me ended
   with “Be Prepared.” Another began with “Dear Nigger Professor.”

   The brutality and repetitiveness of this discursive violence has a way
   of inflicting injury. Given the history of the term “nigger,” it
   strikes with the long, hate-filled context of violence out of which
   that term grew. This points to the non-spectacular expression of
   violence. The lynching of black people was designed to be a spectacle,
   to draw white mobs. In this case, the black body was publicly violated.
   It was a public and communal form of bloodlust. There are many other
   forms of violence that are far more subtle, non-spectacular, but yet
   painful and dehumanizing. So, when I was called a “nigger,” I was
   subject to that. I felt violated, injured; a part of me felt broken.
   Read more…

   The Stone Apr 16, 2016 Apr 16, 2016

  Is That Even a Thing?


    By Alexander Stern

   The Stone

   The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers
   on issues both timely and timeless.
   Photo
   Credit John Gall

   Speakers and writers of American English have recently taken to
   identifying a staggering and constantly changing array of trends,
   events, memes, products, lifestyle choices and phenomena of nearly
   every kind with a single label — a thing. In conversation, mention of a
   surprising fad, behavior or event is now often met with the question,
   “Is that actually a thing?” Or “When did that become a thing?” Or “How
   is that even a thing?” Calling something “a thing” is, in this sense,
   itself a thing.

   It would be easy to call this a curiosity of the language and leave it
   at that. Linguistic trends come and go. Why has “That really gets my
   goat” survived for so long when we have pretty much given up “You know
   your onions”? One could, on the other hand, consider the use of “a
   thing” a symptom of an entire generation’s linguistic sloth, general
   inarticulateness and penchant for cutesy, empty, half-ironic
   formulations that create a self-satisfied barrier preventing any form
   of genuine engagement with the world around them.

   I don’t want to do either. My assumption is that language and
   experience mutually influence each other. Language not only captures
   experience, it conditions it. It sets expectations for experience and
   gives shape to it as it happens. What might register as
   inarticulateness can reflect a different way of understanding and
   experiencing the world.

   The word “thing” has of course long played a versatile and generic role
   in our language, referring both to physical objects and abstract
   matters. “The thing is …” “Here’s the thing.” “The play’s the thing.”
   In these examples, “thing” denotes the matter at hand and functions as
   stage setting to emphasize an important point. One new thing about “a
   thing,” then, is the typical use of the indefinite article “a” to
   precede it. We talk about a thing because we are engaged in cataloging.
   The question is whether something counts as a thing. “A thing” is not
   just stage setting. Information is conveyed.

   What information? One definition of “a thing” that suggests itself
   right away is “cultural phenomenon.” A new app, an item of celebrity
   gossip, the practices of a subculture. It seems likely that “a thing”
   comes from the phrase the coolest/newest/latest thing. But now, in a
   society where everything, even the past, is new — “new thing” verges on
   the redundant. If they weren’t new they wouldn’t be things. Read more…

   Fixes Apr 12, 2016 Apr 12, 2016

  Shopping for Health Care: A Fledgling Craft


    By Tina Rosenberg

   Fixes

   Fixes looks at solutions to social problems and why they work.

   Four years ago, Dave deBronkart spoke at a medical conference, with his
   face displayed on a giant screen. Afterward, a doctor told him that a
   spot on his face looked like basal cell carcinoma.

   She was right. That cancer was unlikely to spread, but it needed to be
   treated, and deBronkart’s health insurance policy had a $10,000
   deductible. Any treatment, then, would come out of his pocket. How
   would he find the right treatment at the right price?

   The reason deBronkart was attending the conference was that he is an
   advocate for patient involvement in health care. So he decided that, as
   an experiment, he would invite proposals on his blog, e-PatientDave. He
   outlined what he was looking for and asked health care providers to bid
   for his business.

   No one did, of course. “I didn’t expect to get a response,” he said.
   “Hospitals don’t have a ‘submit a bid’ department. But you hear over
   and over that patients are the reason for high health costs. I pursued
   it as far as I could to explore what happened when a patient tries to
   be a responsible consumer.”

   He began calling around to hospitals asking the price of various
   procedures. “The hospitals said ‘we don’t know; ask your insurance
   company.’ The insurance company said ‘we don’t know; ask your
   hospital,’” said deBronkart. “That was when I smelled a great big rat.”

   After many, many calls, he chose his surgery: excision, total price
   $868. Today he is fine.

   But his point stands: Health care operates very differently from
   anything else we buy.

   “The actual information I needed in order to be an effective,
   responsible shopper was by policy blocked from me,” he said in an
   interview. “It’s not just a matter of lowering costs. It blocks
   innovation. Somebody does a good job — better quality, better price —
   but there’s no way for people to discover them.”

   There is practically nothing that we shop for the same way we did 15
   years ago. We compare prices online, look at quality ratings and
   reviews, and read about the experiences of others. We have endless
   information.
   Read more...

   Couch Apr 12, 2016 Apr 12, 2016

  Grieving My Patient’s Friend


    By Galit Atlas

   Couch

   Couch is a series about psychotherapy.
   Photo
   Credit Peter Marlow/Magnum Photos

   Isabella left a package for each of her children to open after her
   death. Her youngest was only 5 months old, and the other three were
   ages 2, 4 and 7. She had always wanted a big family, and when she
   learned, after the birth of her third child, that she carried BRCA1,
   the so-called breast cancer gene, she and her husband decided to rush
   to have their last child. Then she would have the surgery that she
   believed would save her life, a double mastectomy.

   But it was too late. Only a month after the baby was born, Isabella was
   found to have ovarian cancer, and several months after that she passed
   away.

   Naomi, my patient, grabbed a tissue from the box on the little table
   next to the couch. She had been in therapy with me for six years and I
   knew her friends pretty well. I especially knew Isabella, who had been
   her best friend since childhood.

   It isn’t unusual for therapists to feel that they know intimately their
   patients’ friends, lovers and family. In some ways, we get attached to
   these people, their stories, their successes and struggles. We
   accompany them at once closely and from far away, as if they are
   favorite characters in a beloved book.

   Isabella was one of these people for me. She was Naomi’s “sister,” as
   they used to call each other. When her cancer was diagnosed I, too, was
   shaken and upset, and when she died I silently grieved. Read more…

   The Stone Apr 11, 2016 Apr 11, 2016

  Philosophizing With Guns


    By Simone Gubler

   The Stone

   The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers
   on issues both timely and timeless.
   Photo
   Credit Aaron P. Bernstein for The New York Times

   In a matter of months, the offices, libraries and classrooms where I
   work, study and teach at the University of Texas at Austin will become
   “concealed carry zones” — areas in which people with concealed handgun
   licenses may carry their weapons. The “campus carry” bill that brought
   about this situation represents a 50th anniversary gift of sorts from
   Texas state legislators. For when the law comes into effect on August
   1, it will be 50 years to the day since a heavily armed young man
   ascended the clock tower on campus and shot 45 people, killing 14 of
   them, in the first mass shooting at an American college.

     Campus carry poses a threat to the classroom as a space of discourse
     and learning even if a shot is never fired.

   Following the signing of the bill into law last June, university
   administrators began to carve my daily environment into armed and
   unarmed zones: Guns in classrooms? Yes. Guns at sporting events? No.
   Appalled by this spectacle, I proceeded to do the two things that I
   have been trained to do as a philosopher: I debated with my colleagues
   and I wrote a critical essay. Then, having had my little scream into
   the abyss, I experienced a period of peace.

   But now, as August 1 approaches, I find myself drawn back to the
   problems, both practical and philosophical, that are posed by campus
   carry. It seems to me that if we care about the future of American
   education, we must inquire after those things of value that stand at
   risk on armed campuses. The campus carry bill is, after all, not a
   peculiarly Texan piece of legislation. It has precedent in other states
   and, given the political climate, may be emulated elsewhere.
   Read more…

   Couch Apr 5, 2016 Apr 5, 2016

  A Case of Polish-Jewish Relations


    By Clemens Loew

   Couch

   Couch is a series about psychotherapy.
   Photo
   Belzec extermination camp, 1994.
   Belzec extermination camp, 1994.Credit Erich Hartmann/Magnum Photos

   When George Nowicki, a prospective therapy patient, called for an
   appointment, it wasn’t just the name but the heavy accent that
   identified him as Polish. The accent was familiar to me: I, too, was
   born in Poland, in a region that is now a part of Ukraine. In
   anticipation of working with him, I felt both excitement and a sense of
   foreboding.

   Our first session was a brief phone conversation to negotiate
   scheduling and for me to answer questions about my qualifications, fees
   and any other matters important to George. He was precise and
   articulate. He explained that his wife had just left him, unexpectedly,
   after 30 years of marriage. I sensed that he was cooperative and eager
   to talk to someone. Read more…

Inside Opinionator

     * Fixes Fixes
     * Private Lives Private Lives
     * Couch Couch
     * The Stone The Stone
     * Moviegoers Moviegoers
     * More Contributors
          + Anxiety Anxiety
          + Bedside Bedside
          + Disunion Disunion
          + Draft Draft
          + Measure for Measure Measure for Measure
          + Menagerie Menagerie
          + The End The End
          + The Great Divide The Great Divide
          + Thomas B. Edsall Thomas B. Edsall
          + All Contributors & Series »

   April 26, 2016

Guiding a First Generation to College

   Students who are new to America or lack college-educated parents often
   don’t know their options.Read more…
   April 19, 2016

How Dwindling Fish Stocks Got a Reprieve

   Giving fishermen a business incentive to fish sustainably can “unleash
   their creative capacity” to help solve the problem, says one expert.
   Read more…

   More From Fixes »
   April 21, 2016

Fractured: A First Date

   It wasn’t my heart that he broke.Read more…
   March 17, 2016

Steph Curry, the Prophet of Basketball

   What desperate, humiliating steps would I take in order to watch him
   play?Read more…

   More From Private Lives »
   April 19, 2016

Should Therapists Write About Patients?

   Even when we disguise their identities, we risk betraying
   them.Read more…
   April 12, 2016

Grieving My Patient’s Friend

   It isn’t unusual for therapists to get emotionally attached to people
   we’ve never met. Read more…

   More From Couch »
   April 18, 2016

The Perils of Being a Black Philosopher

   After reading so many hateful messages I began to feel sick,
   literally.Read more…
   April 16, 2016

Is That Even a Thing?

   What this language trend says about us.Read more…

   More From The Stone »
   February 26, 2016

Bruni and Douthat Agree: #OscarsSoPolitical

   The Moviegoers pick who should and who will win at the Academy Awards
   — and pick apart Hollywood’s diversity problem.Read more…
   December 28, 2015

Escaping to a Galaxy Far, Far, Far Away

   The “Force” holds great appeal compared with our anxieties here on
   earth, as seen in other films this season. Read more…

   More From Moviegoers »
   February 6, 2016

Not Just a Death, a System Failure

   My mother’s death was so wrenching that I applied to medical school to
   help change the way people die in America. Read more…
   January 27, 2016

When the Hospital Is Not a Haven

   Had I prolonged my Indian grandmother’s suffering with my stubborn
   belief in the power of medicine to fix things? Read more…

   More From The End »
   August 15, 2015

Puzzling Through My Fiction

   What I learned about writing from doing crossword puzzles.Read more…
   July 11, 2015

Writing Books Very Few Will Read

   When a family commissions a work, they’re more interested in stories,
   lessons and values, rather than in sensation.Read more…

   More From Draft »
   July 27, 2015

10 Things I’d Tell My Former (Medicated) Self

   I’ve been drug-free for nearly a month. Here is what I learned about my
   own seven-month weaning process. Read more…
   June 26, 2015

Singleminded

   As I decrease my medications, the urgency I feel around men and
   relationships subsides. Read more…

   More From Anxiety »
   June 22, 2015

Every Creeping Thing That Creepeth

   Why can’t we all just get along?Read more…
   June 13, 2015

Birds of New York: A Soundscape

   Composing with orchestral instruments was fine. But I found a richer
   palette of melody, counterpoint and rhythm already in the
   air.Read more…

   More From Menagerie »
   June 10, 2015

Disunion: The Final Q & A

   Four years ago, Disunion convened a panel of experts to discuss the
   outbreak of the Civil War. Now, those experts are back to discuss the
   war’s end, and its legacy.Read more…
   June 4, 2015

What Do You Know? A Civil War Pop Quiz.

   If you read the series (or if you’re just a huge Civil War nerd), what
   have you learned? Read more…

   More From Disunion »
   January 3, 2015

When Prisoners Are Patients

   Should convicted felons receive free health care?Read more…
   September 6, 2014

When It’s the Doctor Who Can’t Let Go

   Too many physicians think palliative care means giving up.Read more…

   More From Bedside »
   June 27, 2014

Inequality Is Not Inevitable

   Inexorable laws of economics aren’t tearing us apart. Our policies
   are.Read more…
   June 21, 2014

Gaming the Poor

   Modern slot machine parlors have sophisticated methods of milking less
   affluent gamblers.Read more…

   More From The Great Divide »
   February 7, 2014

Time Travel and the Ballad Tradition

   Inspiration can come from unpredictable places: family history,
   19th-century personal ads, a child’s eighth-grade project.Read more…
   January 31, 2014

The Sound of a Tree Falling Is Not Ka-ching

   Does it still count as a solo album if your cat meows on a couple of
   tracks?Read more…

   More From Measure for Measure »
   October 8, 2013

Anger Can Be Power

   Many Republican voters are convinced that their political opponents are
   trying to destroy their way of life.Read more…
   October 1, 2013

Are Our Political Beliefs Encoded in Our DNA?

   The nature vs. nurture debate comes to political science.Read more…

   More From Thomas B. Edsall »

Archive

   [Select Month__]

Follow us on @nytopinionator on twitter

     * Twitter

   Follow

   Advertisement

     * © 2017 The New York Times Company
     * Contact Us
     * Work With Us
     * Advertise
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Privacy
     * Terms of Service
     * Terms of Sale

     * Site Map
     * Help
     * Site Feedback
     * Subscriptions
