   Cookies allow us to offer services more personalized and adapted to
   you. Using our services, you accept the use that our system does with
   the cookies.
   See Cookies policy

   Logo Seedtag
   Home Our team Gallery Careers Publisher access

Privacy Policy

    1. Identification of the data controller.
    2. Main points of our policy.
    3. What data do we collect from you?
    4. How do we use your personal data? What services do we provide you
       with?
    5. What is the legal basis for processing your data?
    6. Data transfer and international transfers.
    7. How to exercise your rights
    8. Retention periods and cookies.
    9. Security and confidentiality.
   10. Minors.
   11. Privacy policy update.

1 Identification of the data controller.

   SEEDTAG ADVERTISING, S.L. is the controller of your personal data for
   the purposes of providing you with the services specified in Section 4
   of this privacy policy (the "Website")
   SEEDTAG ADVERTISING, S.L., is a company with its registered office at
   the address of C/Larra 12, 28004, Madrid and NIF (fiscal ID no.)
   B86978996 (“Seedtag”).
   At Seedtag, we are committed to the fundamental right of protecting
   your personal data. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you
   of your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
   In accordance with the GDPR, Seedtag has a Data Protection Officer,
   whom you may contact via this link with any data protection doubt or
   query you may have.

2 Main points of our policy.

   This policy explains the services that Seedtag provides for which we
   need to process your personal data.
   It informs you about:
     * The purposes of the personal data processing or for what Seedtag
       processes your personal data.

     * The legal basis for processing for each purpose.

     * If your data is disclosed to third parties or transferred
       internationally. Regarding this point, we do not disclose your data
       to third parties. We only do so where there is a legal obligation
       (arising from a request from the state security forces or bodies or
       the courts) or where it is essential for providing you with a
       service, in which case, we ask you for your express consent.

     * The period we need to keep your data for maintaining a relationship
       with you or providing you a service or functionality that you
       requested. When we don't need your data to provide you with a
       service, the data becomes blocked and only accessible to the public
       authorities in case of court, administrative or tax claims, in
       accordance with the time limits specified in the respective
       regulations. Following the period during which the data is kept but
       blocked, the data is deleted.

3 What data do we collect from you?

   Note that there are various means of collecting personal data:
    1. Data you provide us directly.
       We collect information from you when you contact us via the
       channels enabled for this purpose, such as the contact form, or
       when you provide us with your CV to apply for a job with us.
       When you contact us via these channels, we request your express
       consent for collecting your email address, full name, country of
       residence, date of birth, sex, NIF (fiscal ID) no., and other
       details regarding your professional profile and academic background
       if you are applying for a job with us.
       Fields with asterisks (*) in the forms that you are provided with
       in the channels must be filled in. If you don't fill in all these
       required fields, we cannot provide you with the services requested.
       You must provide true information and are strictly prohibited from
       engaging in phishing or using aliases or anonymous names.
       You must not, when providing the data in the channels, use
       offensive expressions or brands, trade names, or the names or
       pseudonyms of publicly known or famous persons that you are not
       authorised to use.
       You must always protect your reference details, passwords and
       access codes. You are solely responsible for the use of your
       personal account. You undertake to make diligent use of this
       information, to not disclose it to third parties and to immediately
       inform us if it is lost or stolen.
       So the information provided is always up-to-date and free of
       errors, you must notify Seedtag, as soon as possible, of any
       changes to your personal data via an email sent to the address
       given here.
       By clicking on the "OK" (or equivalent) button of the forms, you
       are stating that the information and data provided are true and
       accurate.
    2. Data obtained indirectly.

   When you browse the web, cookies and other tracking devices may be
   installed in your device, as we explain in our cookies policy.
   Seedtag is a technology that provides online advertising services
   through analysing the content of the URLs that the user browses to
   understand the context of each image published on a website. Once
   Seedtag detects the context, it provides advertising integrated in the
   images of the Website related to the previously analysed content.
   When you visit a Website that uses our technology, we collect and
   process certain information that, although it doesn't directly identify
   you (by your name or surname), can detect other types of relevant
   information on you or your browsing devices:
     * Information on your browser: Such as the browser you are using and
       its version.
     * Information on your device: On the type of device used (computer,
       mobile, tablet) and its operating system.
     * Information on your location: Rough location (country, city) based
       on your IP address.
     * Information on your interaction with the advertisements: On the
       advertisements seen and your interactions with them, whether you
       display them, click on them, etc.
     * Information on your Internet service: Such as the IP address.

   We do not use our advertising technology to store any personal data
   that could directly identify you such as your first name, surname,
   address, date and place of birth, DNI (ID no.), email address, etc.
   Neither do we process sensitive or specially protected data such as
   details related to your health, union affiliation, sexual orientation,
   religious identity, etc.

4 How do we use your personal data? What services do we provide you with?

   Seedtag is the processor of your personal data for the following
   purposes:
    1. Keeping you informed about Seedtag's products and services, sending
       you notices, and telling you about events and other activities of
       interest to you.
    2. Providing the services that you requested and attending to your
       requests for information and helping you exercise your rights.
    3. Assessing the CVs received and handling the selection processes.

   Seedtag is also the personal data processor insofar as it processes
   data that allows identifying you or making you identifiable for
   providing the services offered via its in-image advertising technology
   for the following purposes:
    1. Installing a technical cookie for allowing cookie syncing with
       third parties to allow programmatic advertising.
    2. Customising the publicity campaigns and displaying advertisements
       tailored to user preferences.
    3. Analysing and measuring the delivery and effectiveness of the
       content sent by processing information on what content was
       displayed, with what frequency, how, for how long and whether any
       action was made on the content, for example, by clicking on it.

5 What is the legal basis for processing your data?

   Seedtag processes your personal data in accordance with the following
   legal basis, depending on the type of data provided and the
   interactions you have with Seedtag:
    1. For purposes relating to the contact form, candidate management, or
       the commercial or advertising notices on Seedtag's products and
       services, your data is processed to manage and handle the legal
       relationship between you and us, i.e., to manage your request, to
       maintain contact between us, to provide the services you requested
       and, where applicable, to serve the legitimate interest of Seedtag.
    2. For purposes related to the in-image advertising services, the
       processing of your data is based on your explicit, free and
       unambiguous consent, which is collected by the editors that make
       use of our services.

6 Data transfer and international transfers.

   Seedtag does not transfer your personal data to third parties for
   processing for the purposes described. However, if necessary, we do
   transfer your data if there are legal grounds for such processing.
   On some occasions, we do disclose data to some of our business partners
   to provide our in-image advertising services:
     * Google Cloud Platform – Google LLP – as provider of the server
       infrastructure.
     * AppNexus Inc – as provider of the adserver services.
     * Highwinds Network Group, Inc – as provider of the content
       distribution network.

   Seedtag only works with providers that guarantee full compliance with
   the obligations required under the GDPR, and the contracts we sign for
   subcontracting data processing comply with the regulatory requirements.
   The processing carried out by the aforementioned providers is governed
   by the privacy policies of each provider, which you may access from
   their websites.

7 How to exercise your rights.

   You may exercise the following rights:
    1. Right to access your personal data to know what data is being
       processed and the processing being carried out on it.
    2. Right to rectify inaccurate personal data.
    3. Right to erasure of your personal data where possible.
    4. Right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal
       data when the accuracy, legality or need for the data processing is
       in question, in which case, we may keep the data for exercising or
       defending legal claims.
    5. Right to object to automated decision-making.
    6. Right to object to the processing of your personal data when the
       legal basis for our processing, in accordance with Section 4, is
       the legitimate interest.
    7. Right to data portability, when the legal basis for us to process
       your data, out of the purposes specified in Section 4 above, is the
       existence of a contractual relationship or your consent.
    8. Right to withdraw the consent granted to Seedtag.

   You may exercise your rights at any time and at no cost by:
    1. Sending an email to the address here in which you specify the right
       you want to exercise and identify yourself.
    2. By sending a written request to the address of C/Marqués de
       Valdeiglesias 6, 28004, Madrid, in which you specify the right you
       want to exercise and your personal details.
    3. When you receive any communication from us, by clicking the
       "opt-out" button in the notice, you can unsubscribe from all the
       previously accepted commercial notices.

   You may also file a claim with the Spanish Data Protection Agency if
   you believe we have violated the data protection legislation when
   processing your personal data.

8 Retention periods and cookies.

   We only keep your data for the time needed to offer you these services.
   Any data provided via the channels becomes blocked when it is no longer
   necessary for managing the service. Blocked data is only available when
   there is a legal obligation (arising from a request from the state
   security services or bodies or a court) and when you exercise your
   rights here.
   With regard to the personal data obtained via the channels, Seedtag
   uses cookies in accordance with the Cookies Policy, which you can read
   here.

9 Security and confidentiality.

   We are committed to keeping your data secure. To prevent unauthorised
   accesses to your personal data and unauthorised disclosures of it, we
   have implemented the appropriate technical and physical measures and
   management processes for safeguarding and protecting the data we
   collect from you.

10 Minors.

   Minors under 14 years cannot use the services available via the Website
   without prior authorisation from their parents, guardians or legal
   representatives, who are solely responsible for the acts of the minors
   under their care on the Website, including the filling in of the forms
   with the personal data of these minors and selecting, as applicable,
   the relevant checkboxes. Thus, as Seedtag has no means of knowing
   whether users are minors, it is the parents and guardians who must
   implement the mechanisms to stop the minors from accessing the Website
   and providing personal data without their supervision, with Seedtag
   accepting no liability in this regard.

11 Privacy policy update.

   We do our best to keep our privacy policy up-to-date on a monthly
   basis. Any changes will be clearly and specifically identifiable, in
   accordance with the relationship that we have with you (e.g., we can
   communicate changes by email).

   This privacy policy was revised and published on 22 May 2018.

   Facebook Linkedin Twitter Github
   Seedtag logo
   Legal notice Privacy Cookies Policy
