    #grownskis Feed grownskis » Feed grownskis » Comments Feed grownskis »
   Landing Comments Feed alternate alternate

grownskis grownskis

Menu

     * About Grown
     * Sustainable Design
     * Skis
     * Outdoor Tools
     * Local Adventures
     * News
     * Gallery

Regenerative Design Inspired by Outdoor Creativity

Essential Outdoor Tools . Local Adventures . Co-Creation Community .
Science-Industry Partnerships


   [ISPOwinner80.png] [myclimate_new_150px.png]


Regenerative design: The Grown Hemp Ski “MonViso edition”

   Hemp ski 'MonViso edition' For ISPO 2018, the most important retailer
   show and sporting goods fair for winter sports in Europe, we presented
   the first ski with a 100% industrial hemp fiber-Paulownia wood
   composite sandwich core construction. The use of hemp fibers
   substitutes conventional non-renewable fibers used in skis and many
   other technical products, such as glass and carbon fibers. Hemp is
   renewable, organic and captures carbon dioxide, thus contributing
   positively to slow down human-induced climate change. Based on life
   cycle assessment, this new hemp technology decreases the environmental
   footprint of skis by about 47%, compared to conventional, high quality
   skis with the same production and sourcing in Europe. Industrial hemp
   is currently experiencing a revival of its original strengths as a
   multifunctional, but nowadays misunderstood plant. Due to its
   multifunctional use for food, fabric and clothing, in the building
   industry, cosmetics and medicine, and now for technical composite
   materials, hemp has the potential to incubate a circular economy and
   thereby help to restore the economy of vulnerable mountain regions.

   Read more.


Diverse and super light: TheOnly LT (light version)

   TheOnly LT Our allmountain freeride ski for Alpine or Telemark is
   available in a super light version. The Only LT as for "light" has the
   same allmountain capabilities as TheOnly, the same dimensions, but
   weighs about 300-400 grams less per ski. This reduction in weight is
   achieved by a new construction with a wood core from balsa with flax
   fibre enforcements, a different basalt fibre sandwich belt, and lighter
   wood for the veneer. The skis surface is, in difference to TheOnly,
   coated with biological varnish based on pine resin - the skis' light
   and bright maple top sheet and the rigid robinia wood side walls are
   thus extremely tough and scratch resistant. In addition, TheOnly LT has
   now a a bigger tip and tail rocker, making it very easy to ski even in
   the most difficult snow conditions, while the high torsion and the
   dampening of TheOnly have been kept in this LT version. Available in
   three lengths with widths under foot of 96 and 104mm.

   More information.


Freeride ski 'Overgrown'

   [IMG_0142.jpg] The Overgrown is a big mountain machine with true all
   mountain capabilities. The 10mm camber makes the ski agile in edge
   changes on piste, the wide shovel delivers float in powder, and it is
   lighter than other skis in this dimension so take it for touring as
   well.

   Purchase online.


Luxury, limited and fair: the Arctic Change Ski

   [antlercut2.png] A limited edition ski that tells the story of Change
   in the vulnerable Arctic, raising awareness for the protection and
   sustainable use of the Arctic wilderness.

   Designed with years of skiing experience in the extreme Arctic
   conditions, made from materials collected from Spitsbergen and Lapland:
   Arctic Reindeer antler inlays, coal dust from Spitsbergen coal mines,
   Birch burl veneer and Tundra juniper from Lapland.

   To give back to the Arctic and to support conservation, 10% of sales of
   these skis are donated to the WWF Arctic Program for protecting the
   Arctic. Available online by special order only.
   More Information


About Grown skis

   IFRAME: //www.youtube.com/embed/qhvI1JCj8Vc


Winning the ISPO award and the award for eco achievement

   The new 100% hemp fiber composite construction ski “MonViso edition”
   won the ISPO 2018 Award in the category snow sports > freeride and
   touring skis and the ISPO Eco Achievement Award. The skis were
   developed as part of  a teaching…

January 22, 2018

New part-time position: Digital communication and event organisation support

   Open position advertised 15.09.17 Digital communication and
   event organisation support (part-time, flexible, on an hourly basis,
   Oct ’17 – January ’18) We seek a digital communication and
   event organisation support (f/m) to help Grown this coming winter
   season in building our community by digital communication…

September 16, 2017

Building Eco Skis with ETH Engineering Students

   The course with the ETH engineering students was a huge success. See
   the summary and movies about the course, the finished skis and the
   final ski test in St. Anton.

February 1, 2017

Grown at ISPO 2017

   Grown is again part of the “brands for good” community at the booth of
   Greenroom Voice in Hall B6/124. Come visit us, learn about our
   portfolio, share a good talk amongst other committed brands and outdoor
   sports enthusiasts.

February 1, 2017

Mid season sale – Overgrown free ride ski+binding Marker Lord

   We offer for sale a package of the Overgrown big mountain skis with
   allmountain genes – mounted with a Maker Lord free ride binding with
   adjustable sole thickness, so it can be used with classic alpine and
   with ski touring…

January 26, 2017

Open position: Community Manager (part-time 20h/month Nov ’16 – March ’17)

   Open position advertised 01.11.16 Community Manager (part-time
   20h/month Nov ’16 – March ’17) We seek a Community Manager (f/m) to
   support Grown this coming winter season in building our community by
   digital communication and real events, supporting the founding
   director…

November 1, 2016

   Copyright © 2019 · All Rights Reserved · grownskis ·   Imprint ·  Log
   In info@grownskis.com ·  Newsletter
   [ISPOwinner80.png] [myclimate_logo100.png] [LOGOentropy100.png]
     *
     *
     *
   #grownskis Feed grownskis » Feed grownskis » Comments Feed grownskis »
   About Grown Comments Feed alternate alternate

   grownskis grownskis

Menu

     * About Grown
     * Sustainable Design
     * Skis
     * Outdoor Tools
     * Local Adventures
     * News
     * Gallery

   sustainable design

About Grown

     * Grown Story
     * Grown team
     * Grown friends
     * Job Offers
     * Testimonials & Downloads

Grown Story

   Grown is an  Outdoor Creativity Lab with the aim of creating
   regenerative design solutions that are inspired by nature. Regenerative
   design of interconnected products, services and experiences is
   sustainable while actively contributing to learning and capacity
   building,  re-connecting people with nature. Grown is a non-profit lab;
   our research and communication is financed by the sales of products we
   design.

   We design essential outdoor tools, things that are helpful and fun to
   use on outdoor activities as well as in daily (urbanized) life, and
   that are embedded within greater systems beyond the actual product.

   We design local adventures, diving into place-based experiences with
   more space and time, leaving a minimal footprint while consciously
   learning about complex ecosystems and human-environment interaction.

   We live a growing co-creation community that is inclusive in a way of
   shared passion for sustainability, nature, the outdoors, socializing
   and new cultural experiences, and the enjoyment of exploring one’s own
   physical and mental boundaries through outdoor activities, sports,
   intellectual discourse and fun events.

   We bridge science, design and industry to develop more sustainable
   solution prototypes that are then getting introduced to the industry
   for upscaling and improving conventional, non-regenerative products and
   services.

     Grown started in 2007 as an eco-design lab for skis. Today Grown is
     a non-profit lab developing Essential Outdoor Tools, organizing
     Local Adventures in selected places world-wide, hosting a growing
     Co-Creation Community and bridging Science-Industry Partnerships in
     Regenerative Design.

   Already back in 2007, Grown developed and designed the most
   eco-friendly skis and won the first ISPO eco-design price in 2008.
   Today, Grown still sells high tech eco free ride skis, and in addition
   designs eco-innovated products in the sporting and outdoor consumer
   goods sphere.

   As skiers, as environmentally conscious people, and as scientists, we
   were never happy with the existing skis on the market – the materials
   used and the far distances they travelled, and the overall
   environmental performance of the products. We decided to start a
   research study on the environmental performance of various conventional
   ski designs to learn about where and how to design a more
   environmentally friendly ski.

   On the basis of our initial research, we developed our first concept in
   a small workshop near Munich. The result won the first ISPO Ecodesign
   prize in 2008.
   This early success lead to the start-up of Grown as a company,
   developing, producing and selling the most environmentally friendly
   skis on the market. We seek to provide alternative, high-tech and
   eco-skis, and to push the industry to improve their products and
   processes. Since then we have been continuously improving our products,
   publishing the first environmental and social life cycle analysis (lca)
   of skis in a leading science journal*, making Grown the benchmark and
   the leader in sustainability in the ski industry.

   *Luthe, T., Kaegi, T. and J. Reger. 2013. A Systems Approach to
   Sustainable Technical Product Design. Combining life cycle assessment
   and virtual development in the case of skis. Journal of Industrial
   Ecology. Online first DOI: 10.1111/jiec.12000

Grown team

   Grown was founded in 2007 by the owners of the company, Tobias Luthe
   and Jan Reger. We both are skiers for life and merge our experiences
   and passions for sports, design and sustainability in the Grown
   company:

   Dr. Tobias Luthe

Dr. Tobias Luthe

   Co-founder of Grown
   Professor for Sustainability Science at a Swiss University
   Lecturer in Systemic Design, Resilience and Sustainability at ETH
   Zurich and University of Lugano
   Systemic Designer
   Ski mountaineering guide, German Alpine Association (DAV)
   Staatl. gepr. Skilehrer DSLV Alpine/Nordic/Tele (ISIA)
   Swiss Snow Pro (ISIA)
   Professional Ski Instructor of America (PSIA)
   Former Head of Environmental Affairs, German Ski Federation (DSV)
   Former member of the German Demo Team Telemark (DSV)

   Jan Reger

Dr. Jan Reger

   Co-founder of Grown
   Dedicated skier for more than 30 years
   Head of department at an engineering company
   Specialized in virtual development, computer aided engineering and
   optimization

Grown friends

   Grown friends are representing our values of being pioneers in
   sustainable ski design, and of developing high tech and eco products.
   We team with professional skiers and sustainability advocates to test
   our products in the field, to become part of our open innovation
   product development process, and to communicate our vision.

   Eric Berlow

Dr. Eric L. Berlow

   Professional Ski Instructor of America (PSIA Level III)
   Science Experience mountain guide for Grown
   TED Fellow
   Scientist in ecological networks and environmental sustainability
   Owner of the Swall Institute, a work & play retreat in the Eastern High
   Sierra

   phillip

Dr. Philipp Schneider

   Ski and mountaineering guide of the German Alpine Association (DAV)
   DSV Telemark Instructor
   Science Experience mountain guide for Grown
   Scientist at the University of Zurich in hydrology and geography

   Franziska Heidenreich

Franziska Heidenreich

   Ski mountaineering guide, German Alpine Association (DAV)
   Telemark passionate
   Head of Carbon Offset Projects at the myclimate foundation
   Member of myclimate Management Committee
   MSc in Environmental Sciences
   Science Experience mountain guide for Grown

   Stewart

Steward Sheppard

   Dedicated free skier and Telemarker for more than 30 years
   PGDip economics & finance
   MSc in sustainability & management
   Self employed as sustainability consultant in the skiing industry
   Responsible for life cycle assessments of garments for a world leader
   in outdoor membranes
   formerly responsible for the Green Guide of ski resorts at the NGO
   Mountain Riders, France
   Cofounder and president of the Sustainable Mountain Tourism Alliance
   (SMTA)

   Su Moldau

Su Moldau

   Dedicated Alpine skier for more than 20 years
   Aspirant Staatl. gepr. Skilehrerin DSLV Alpine/Nordic (ISIA)
   Guide and instructor for the snowsports school Schneestolz
   Manager of a mountain- and ski hut on a South Tyrolian glacier –
   dedicated to move the hut management towards eco efficiency

   Jordi Modolell

Jordi Modolell

   DSV Telemark Instructor
   Science Experience mountain guide for Grown
   Professional kite surfer
   Responsible for product R&D, eco design and Corporate Social
   Responsibility at a leading kite surf company
   MSc in Forest and Environmental Sciences

   Ingo Schlutius

Ingo Schlutius

   State certified professional ski instructor in the Austrian Ski
   Association
   Founder of powderproject.ch – developing a private free ski area in the
   Lesser Caucasus of Georgia
   Working in tourism for TUI
   MSc Business Administration, Major Tourism

   Melanie Rottmann

Melanie Rottmann

   Swiss Snowboard Instructor, Splitboarder, Telemark skier
   Working as junior CSR (corporate social responsibility) specialist for
   an international outdoor sports group brand in Italy
   Responsible for Community Building at the MonViso Institute, Ostana,
   Piedmont, Italy
   BSc in Tourism with a specialization in Sustainable Development and
   eCommunication

Job Offers

   Open position advertised 01.11.16

   Community Manager (part-time 20h/month Nov ’16 – March ’17)

   We seek a Community Manager (f/m) to support Grown this coming winter
   season in building our community by digital communication and real
   events, supporting the founding director and the Grown friends team.

   Job description

   The ideal candidate is a ski/Telemark/snowboard instructor or/and
   mountain guide with a strong value-based interest and spirit in and for
   sustainability. The offered position is part-time with a paid
   equivalent of about 20h of work per month, for the period November ‘16
   until March ‘17. Ideally, the candidate is a student and/or works as a
   ski instructor/guide this coming winter, based in the central Alps
   (Switzerland, Austria, Germany, Northern Italy, France), and this
   part-time position is a valuable addition to her/his other job since it
   can be done from anywhere with flexible working hours.

   In close collaboration with the founding director of Grown, the
   candidate will support website development, digital marketing, event
   organization and management; s/he will assist in daily routine tasks
   and has the chance to contribute to the design of new products and
   trips. The community manager will actively support the growth of our
   sales distribution network, help to build new partnerships, and manage
   2-3 weekend events on-site. There is no fixed work place; the community
   manager works independently organized from her/his own mountain office
   or café, while being easily reachable by digital means and willing to
   travel between Innsbruck and Grenoble.

   Required skill set

   The ideal candidate is a great communicator who easily connects with
   people; s/he is independently organized, capable to multi-task and has
   an education/training in sustainability or related topics. S/he is a
   snowsports instructor or/and mountain guide, is fluent in both spoken
   and written English, and speaks at least one other alpine language
   (German, Italian or French). Language skills are most critical for this
   position. Furthermore, the candidate is experienced working with
   WordPress based websites, likes to write short marketing texts and
   narratives, is photo affine and creative.

   We offer a unique experience in a highly innovative and creative,
   research-based outdoor sports and eco design business, great contact
   networks, and an adequate salary. Starting date is asap in November.

   Applications contain a motivation letter, a CV with picture and
   information on snow sports and digital communication experience, and a
   one-half-page text about marketing a new eco friendly Grown splitboard.
   This info should be sent by email as one .pdf file to
   info@grownskis.com, attention Dr. Tobias Luthe. More information can be
   found at www.grownskis.com. Download the job description as a pdf
   document.

   Applications are reviewed on a first-come-first serve basis.

Testimonials & Downloads

   Don’t take our word for it – here’s what others are saying about us.


   Telemark Friends
   Telemarkfriends.com testing the Grown allmountain ski ‘TheOnly’, for
   the season 2014/15. Test summary: “Gibst du TheOnly eine straffe
   Führung und hast die nötige Power in den Beinen, dann wird er der
   einzige Ski für dich sein, dann brauchst du nichts anderes.” – “If you
   have the power in your legs to tell TheOnly what to do, then this will
   be the only ski for you, then you won’t need anything else.”
   SLF tests Grown skis
   The Swiss Institute for Snow and Avalanche Research (SLF) in Davos has
   tested Grown skis in their snow laboratory. Result: Grown skis with
   their eco friendly materials and construction are at least as durable
   and tough as conventional ski constructions – even more, the basalt
   fibre construction delivers exceptional dampening in high speeds.
   PlanetSnow
   Planet Snow and DSVaktiv ski magazine from December 2012 (06/12)
   testing the Grown allmountain ski ‘OutGrown’, season 2012/13, with
   alpine bindings: “The Grown ski is a harmonically balanced freeride ski
   (…) showing a high performance through its high dampening capabilities,
   making it stable and calm at high speeds. The ski convinces with
   precise steering offpiste, but also onpiste. A great allmountain ski.”
   Telemark Friends
   Telemarkfriends.com testing the Grown allmountain ski ‘OutGrown’,
   season 2012/13, with Telemark bindings: “Direct, without compromise.
   Grown skis need space and speed – if given both, there hardly is a
   better ski”.
   Norr Magazine
   NORR, the Scandinavian outdoor magazine, accepts Grown skis as new
   Green Partner, amongst selected companies such as Patagonia, Vaude,
   Hilleberg and Bergans: “Grown is the pioneer and leader in
   sustainability in the ski industry.”
   SkiExclusiv
   7Sky featuring Grown skis and Entropy resins, glues made from renewable
   resources and used in Grown skis.
   telemark zone
   The French NGO Mountain-Riders featuring Grown skis in their Eco-Guide
   to mountain gear.

   IFRAME:
   //www.youtube.com/embed/stpoFv9ydC0?list=PLuMfZnKszijRDo_OsKONyjiO7_eT0
   xHTu

   Sometimes a skier tests our skis and sends us a short video, and
   sometimes we interview someone who just skied on Grown skis and ask
   what she or he felt. Take a look at what skiers feel and think – check
   out the ski test playlist below and visit the Grownski channel on
   Youtube for more videos.

   Grown G

Downloads

   Instructions for mounting and care.


   Pin It
   Tweet
   Copyright © 2019 · All Rights Reserved · grownskis ·   Imprint ·  Log
   In info@grownskis.com ·  Newsletter
   [ISPOwinner80.png] [myclimate_logo100.png] [LOGOentropy100.png]
     *
     *
     *
    #grownskis Feed grownskis » Feed grownskis » Comments Feed grownskis »
   Posts by grownskis Feed

   grownskis grownskis

Menu

     * About Grown
     * Sustainable Design
     * Skis
     * Outdoor Tools
     * Local Adventures
     * News
     * Gallery

grownskis

Posts by grownskis:

     * Ski hidden treasures of the Italian Piedmont around Monte Viso
     * Winning the ISPO award and the award for eco achievement
     * New part-time position: Digital communication and
       event organisation support
     * Building Eco Skis with ETH Engineering Students
     * Grown at ISPO 2017
     * Mid season sale – Overgrown free ride ski+binding Marker Lord
     * Open position: Community Manager (part-time 20h/month Nov ’16 –
       March ’17)
     * ETH Zurich: Grand Challenges in Ski Design
     * Ski the Greater and Lesser Caucasus, Georgia, March 2017
     * Cycling the Continental Divide

   1 2 3 … 6 »
   Search
   ____________________ Go

Related Posts

     * Ski hidden treasures of the Italian Piedmont around Monte Viso
    Ski hidden treasures of the Italian Piedmont around Monte Viso
       Join a unique Grown Experience to the Italian Piedmont mountains.
       Travel date: February 24-28, 2017 Further information, price and
       booking …
     * Winning the ISPO award and the award for eco achievement
    Winning the ISPO award and the award for eco achievement
       The new 100% hemp fiber composite construction ski “MonViso
       edition” won the ISPO 2018 Award in the category snow sports …
     * New part-time position: Digital communication and
       event organisation support
       Open position advertised 15.09.17 Digital communication and
       event organisation support (part-time, flexible, on an hourly
       basis, Oct ’17 – January ’18) We …
     * Building Eco Skis with ETH Engineering Students
    Building Eco Skis with ETH Engineering Students
       The course with the ETH engineering students was a huge success.
       See the summary and movies about the course, the …
     * Grown at ISPO 2017
    Grown at ISPO 2017
       Grown is again part of the “brands for good” community at the booth
       of Greenroom Voice in Hall B6/124. Come …

Archives

     * March 2018
     * January 2018
     * September 2017
     * February 2017
     * January 2017
     * November 2016
     * October 2016
     * September 2016
     * August 2016
     * November 2015
     * November 2014
     * October 2014
     * December 2013
     * November 2013

   Copyright © 2019 · All Rights Reserved · grownskis ·   Imprint ·  Log
   In info@grownskis.com ·  Newsletter
   [ISPOwinner80.png] [myclimate_logo100.png] [LOGOentropy100.png]
     *
     *
     *
