   #RSS Feed

Traditions of Conflict

   Traditions of Conflict

   Comments on Evolutionary Anthropology. Cultural traditions and conflict
   patterns.

     * Home
     * Blog
     * About
     * Publications

   [Blog________]

Taking a wife

   August 09, 2018 by Evolving Moloch

   Marriage is nominally by capture. The word “to marry” means also “to
   fetch” and “to catch.” – D.F. Bleek, The Naron: A Bushman Tribe of the
   Central Kalahari, 1928.

   One of the benefits of reading 19th and early 20th century ethnographic
   accounts is learning about cultural traditions that, in many cases,
   either no longer exist, or are not commonly discussed by present-day
   anthropologists. Headhunting, men’s cults, ritual mutilation, and
   infanticide are some topics that I have covered previously. Bride
   capture is another practice that is highly prevalent in early
   ethnography, but has not been the subject of much systematic
   investigation by anthropologists today, so I figure it warrants further
   attention.

   Sociologist Nguyen Thi Van Hanh offers a useful definition of the
   practice, writing that, “Bride capture, or bride kidnapping (also known
   as marriage by capture or marriage by abduction), is a form of forced
   marriage in which the bride is kidnapped by the groom.”

   One aspect of bride capture that may surprise many readers is how
   prevalent the practice was among hunter-gatherer societies in the 19th
   and early 20th centuries. In The Bushmen of South West Africa (1920),
   ethnographer Louis Fourie described bride capture during intergroup
   conflict, writing that, “Women are never killed intentionally during
   the course of these feuds but it not infrequently happens that when one
   group overwhelms another the women are made captive and taken in
   marriage.” In 1930, anthropologist Isaac Schapera noted the regional
   pattern, writing that, “Among the North-Western Bushmen girls taken in
   war or found trespassing are also often held as wives by their
   captors.”

   In 1928, anthropologist Dorothea Bleek made note of the practice of
   bride capture among the Naron hunter-gatherers of the Central Kalahari,
   writing that, “The women said, a man seizes a girl of another village,
   and takes her to his village, and thereby she is married, whether she
   likes it or not. He comes with an older man just to pay a visit and
   sits chatting without mentioning his purpose. They look out for a good
   opportunity and carry the girl off. The Bridegroom keeps watch on his
   bride at first, till she settles down.” Bleek described one failed
   attempt at bride capture:

   One day, the Bushmen had collected in front of the house to give
   exhibitions of dancing for the purpose of photography. At mid-day we
   made a short interval. On coming out again, we found that all the men
   had gone; and were told that the huts were on fire and they had gone to
   put it out. We could see no sign of smoke or fire in the direction of
   the huts, and by and by some of the men began to trickle back, said it
   had been a bush fire, no huts were in danger. Later, when I was a lone
   with the natives, I was told what had occurred. One of the women had
   been at the huts with her young daughter and two Auen men from the
   north had turned up and tried to carry off the girl as wife for one of
   them. The mother lighted a fire to summon her men to her assistance.
   They arrived in time, and after a verbal quarrel, the would-be
   wife-stealer retired (Bleek, 33).

   In The Uttermost Part of the Earth (1948), explorer E. Lucas Bridges
   wrote about the Ona hunter-gatherers of Tierra del Fuego, noting that,
   “Most of the marriages I knew amongst those primitive people were
   brought about either by conquest or by abduction.” Bridges describes
   one such case, where three brothers named Koh, Kaniko, and Tisico, were
   massacred by a neighboring band that they had previously been on good
   terms with, specifically because some of the men from that band wanted
   their wives. After they were killed and their wives were taken, Bridges
   writes that,

   The numerous widows had cut their hair in mourning, but if the funeral
   and wedding bells were not intermixed, there had been hardly a pause
   between one and the other. The women of a party vanquished in a battue
   [hunt] would have been unwise to refuse to follow their new husbands
   when those victors had “blood in their eyes.” The fear would soon
   subside; women captives were wooed and made much of, to prevent them
   from running away. When badly treated, women took the first opportunity
   to give their captors the slip, though, if they were caught by their
   new husbands before they could get back to their own people, they ran
   the risk of being soundly beaten or arrowed through the legs with
   arrows from which the barbs had been removed—generally. A wife of long
   standing, if she obstinately refused to do her husband’s will, was just
   as likely to be thrashed or arrowed (Bridges, 223).

   Bridges indicates that one of the wives may not have been entirely
   displeased with the outcome, however, having previously been a lower
   status wife to an apparently unattractive man:

   Halimink, who had already had one wife, had gained a second from the
   massacre just described. She had been one of the wives of Koh—the
   third, I imagine—and her name was Akukeyohn (Afraid of Fallen Logs). I
   have noticed Halimink, with a mischievous grin on his face, lay
   unnecessary stress on the word koh [Koh, in addition to being a name,
   means “bone”] when speaking to Akukeyohn. She would put on a vexed, but
   coy, expression. Her anger was obviously only skin deep, for Halimink
   was a good husband to his favourite wife, and Koh had been by no means
   attractive (Bridges, 223).

   In some circumstances, the practice of bride capture seems to be at
   least partially voluntary, with the potential bride herself choosing
   her putative captor. Though, this sort of voluntary elopement,
   ostensibly by capture, can cause much friction between different
   groups. In Life Amongst the Native Race (1884), John T. Hinkins
   described how one such conflict between two Australian tribes was dealt
   with:

   A blackfellow of the Murray tribe had stolen a lubra (i.e., woman) from
   the Goulbourn tribe, though quite with the lubra's consent. This
   created a great commotion among the two tribes, and such a scene took
   place as I never before witnessed, nor am I likely to see again. The
   chief and friends of the captive girl, who was remarkably pretty, came
   to demand her from the hands of her captor. A meeting took place
   between the two tribes on a plain not far distant from my hut, and,
   owing to the influence my child had over them, I was permitted to
   attend this gathering, as they had especially invited her to be
   present, and I had positively refused to let her go unless I
   accompanied her. On arriving at the plain we found that upwards of a
   hundred of the two tribes had met. They placed us in a good spot for
   seeing all that was going on amongst them. As far as I could understand
   their "yabber" (talk) it was decided that the young lubra was to be
   given up to her friends, unless the captor, her intended husband, could
   stand an "ordeal " of six of her friends—her nearest
   relatives—endeavouring to wound or even kill him by throwing a certain
   number of each of their war instruments at him. He was to use no
   weapons to defend himself against these attacks but a shield. This
   ordeal seems to have been customary with them on such occasions. Six
   able young men were chosen, and each of them was supplied with a
   certain number of "spears," "nulla nullas," a kind of club,
   "boomerangs," and other implements of war. The captor was to stand, as
   far as I could judge about fifty yards distant from the warriors, and
   these instruments were hurled at him one at a time by the six men. If
   he was either killed or wounded the young lubra was to return with her
   friends to her own tribe, but if by his dexterity her would-be husband
   was able to evade all their weapons he would then rightly claim her as
   his bride, and she would be delivered up to him accordingly. Prior to
   the contest this young fellow had completely smeared himself with
   opossum fat till he shone like a mirror. This was no doubt, as he
   thought, to cause the weapons to glide off from him and also to give
   suppleness to his limbs. A greater sight of agility and cleverness on
   the part of this young aboriginal I never witnessed. Every weapon was
   hurled at him with unerring aim, but he cleverly disposed of them all
   by turning them off with his shield, stooping down or stepping aside,
   lifting an arm or a leg, showing how good and steady his sight must
   have been. One "nulla nulla" was thrown with such force that it broke
   his shield, which was made from the bark of a tree. He was immediately
   supplied with another, for they would have scorned to take advantage of
   his undefended state, and then with the same success he avoided all the
   rest of the weapons that were cast at him, not receiving a single
   wound. There was a great shout raised for the victor, and he was
   allowed to carry off his prize, who seemed greatly pleased, for she had
   evidently been watching the scene anxiously. Indeed, all parties
   appeared completely satisfied, and her friends returned home (Hinkins,
   68).

   In other cases, however, the practice is described as being wholly
   coercive and violent. In 1798, David Collins, Lieutenant Governor of
   the Colony of New South Wales, which was the first European settlement
   in Australia, described the practice of capturing wives among some
   native hunter-gatherer societies in the region, writing that, “[wives]
   are, I believe, always selected from the women of a tribe different
   from that of the males…and with whom they are at enmity.” Collins
   offers an extended description of the practice:

   Secrecy is necessarily observed, and the poor wretch is stolen upon in
   the absence of her protectors; being first stupified with blows,
   inflicted with clubs or wooden swords, on the head, back, and
   shoulders, every one of which is followed by a stream of blood, she is
   dragged through the woods by one arm, with a perseverance and violence
   that one might suppose would displace it from its socket; the lover, or
   rather the ravisher, is regardless of the stones or broken pieces of
   trees which may lie in his route, being anxious only to convey his
   prize in safety to his own party, where a scene ensues too shocking to
   relate. This outrage is not resented by the relations of the female,
   who only retaliate by a similar outrage when they find it in their
   power. This is so constantly the practice among them, that even the
   children make it a game or exercise; and I have often, on hearing the
   cries of the girls with whom they were playing, ran out of my house,
   thinking some murder was committed, but have found the whole party
   laughing at my mistake.

   Collins adds that, “The women thus ravished become their wives, are
   incorporated into the tribe to which the husband belongs, and but
   seldom quit him for another. “

   In Our Primitive Contemporaries (1934), anthropologist George Murdock,
   who helped create many of the cross-cultural databases we still use
   today, such as the Human Relations Area Files, the Ethnographic Atlas,
   and the Standard Cross-Cultural Sample, described many bride capture
   practices across societies all over the world. Murdock noted that:

   Among Tasmanian hunter-gatherers, “When a man was of age to marry, he
   usually seized a women by stealth or force from another tribe. In other
   words, marriage was exogamous and by capture.” (pg. 9)

   Among Aranda hunter-gatherers of Australia, “A man may take a wife --
   from another man -- by capture, elopement, or magic. The capture of a
   woman from another group usually follows the murder of her husband in
   blood-revenge.” (pg. 38)

   Of the Crow Native Americans, Murdock writes that, “The Crows often
   marry women captured from hostile tribes, and under certain
   circumstances the stealing of women is permitted even within the tribe.
   The approved mode of marriage, however, is by purchase." Murdock adds,
   however that, "Marriages are easily terminated.  A woman may desert a
   husband whom she dislikes, and a man may send away his wife for
   infidelity or incompatibility, or even for being “cranky.”” (pg. 274)

   Among the Ganda farmers of Uganda, “Although wives may be obtained by
   inheritance, by gift from a superior or a subordinate, or by capture
   from the enemy in wartime, the most usual and honorable mode of
   marriage is by purchase.” (pg. 538)

   Among Samoan horticulturalists, Murdock notes that during warfare,
   “Male prisoners are slain, unless held as hostages. Sometimes, as the
   acme of revenge, they are cooked and certain parts of their bodies
   eaten. Women, however, are usually spared and distributed among their
   captors.” (pg. 64)

   Even where bride capture is no longer conducted, elements of the
   practice may continue in more symbolic or ritualized form. In
   describing the prevalence of bride capture in Indo-European history and
   literature, Ruth Katz Arabagian writes that, “Like the theme of cattle
   raiding, the theme of bride stealing in Indo-European heroic literature
   appears to reflect actual practice. It is noteworthy that this practice
   catches the imagination so powerfully that echoes of it persist in
   ritual even when the actual practice is no longer sanctioned by
   society.”

   Richard Lee notes that among the Ju/’hoansi hunter-gatherers of the
   Kalahari, “The Ju/'hoansi marriage ceremony involves the mock forcible
   carrying of the girl from her parents' hut...In fact, the “normal” Ju
   marriage has many aspects of marriage-by-capture.” Even though they do
   not practice bride capture today, these ritualized elements may
   represent a holdover from a previously practiced tradition. This is
   speculative, but it would not be surprising considering how prevalent
   the practice was among other Bushmen societies in the Kalahari in the
   past.

   In The Comanches: Lords of the South Plains (1952), anthropologist E.
   Adamson Hoebel writes that, among the Comanche, “It was a normal
   pattern for a man to take as wives the younger sister or sisters of his
   first wife and any women he might have captured or girls who grew up as
   captives in the tribe.” In addition, elements of the Comanche ritual
   Eagle Dance also show similarities with bride captures practices:

   When the smoking was over, the leader arose and, followed closely by
   the dancers, sneaked silently to a near-by camp to “capture” a girl.
   Spectators remained some distance apart. In the old days the girl had
   to be a captive. The girl's family made a pretense of defending their
   camp against the attacking party, but the "victorious raiders" carried
   the "captured" girl to their own camp where preparations had been made
   for the remainder of the ceremony…During the dance, the warriors of the
   girl's people rushed up and made a sham attempt to recapture her. In
   actual practice they rushed in and recited some coups of their
   own…After the "failure" of the girl's relatives to recapture her, they
   brought in presents, which they deposited before her in a circle
   (Hoebel, 205).

   Of course, the abduction of wives is not exclusive to small-scale
   societies of the past. Sociologist Nguyen Thi Van Hanh notes its
   existence in larger, historical and contemporary nations as well,
   writing that bride capture,

   is practiced in the Caucasus region (e.g., Georgia, Azerbaijan,
   Armenia), in Central and Southeast Asia (Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, China,
   among the Hmong community in Vietnam, Laos, etc.), in some nations in
   Africa (e.g., Rwanda, Ethiopia, Kenya), in South America (Chile,
   Mexico),and among the Roma community in Europe. In all of these areas,
   bride capture may be practiced throughout the country but is most
   common in the rural areas and in ethnic minority communities. Normally,
   young girls (often under 25, even as young as 8–12-years-old in some
   cases) are victims of bride capture. Bride capture was widely practiced
   throughout history and continues to be in some parts of the world
   today.
   The Kidnapping of the Sabine Women (1574–82) by Giambologna. The
   Kidnapping of the Sabine Women (1574–82) by Giambologna.

   The Kidnapping of the Sabine Women (1574–82) by Giambologna.

   In Albion’s Seed (1991), historian David Hackett Fischer mentions the
   practice of bride abductions among the border counties of Scotland,
   Ireland, and England, and how this practice continued when many
   ‘borderlanders’ came to America,

   Marriage customs among the people of the backcountry also derived from
   border roots. An ancient practice on the British borders was the
   abduction of brides. In Scotland, Ireland and the English border
   counties, the old custom had been elaborately regulated through many
   centuries by ancient folk laws which required payment of "body price"
   and "honor price." Two types of abduction were recognized: voluntary
   abduction in which the bride went willingly but without her family's
   prior consent; and involuntary abduction in which she was taken by
   force. Both types of abduction were practiced as late as the eighteenth
   century. It was observed of the borderlands and Ulster during this
   period that “abductions, both 'under the impulse of passion and from
   motives of cupidity,' were frequent.”
   The border custom of bridal abduction was introduced to the American
   backcountry. In North and South Carolina during the eighteenth century,
   petitioners complained to authorities that "their wives and daughters
   were carried captives" by rival clans (Fischer, 367).

   Fischer also writes that, “Even future President of the United States
   Andrew Jackson took his wife by an act of voluntary abduction,”
   providing an extended description:

   Rachel Donelson Robards was unhappily married to another man at the
   time. A series of complex quarrels followed, in which Rachel Robards
   made her own preferences clear, and Andrew Jackson threatened her
   husband Lewis Robards that he would “cut his ears out of his head.”
   Jackson was promptly arrested. But before the case came to trial the
   suitor turned on the husband, butcher knife in hand and chased him into
   the canebreak. Afterward, the complaint was dismissed because of the
   absence of the plaintiff--who was in fact running for his life from the
   defendant. Andrew Jackson thereupon took Rachel Robards for his own,
   claiming that she had been abandoned. She went with Jackson willingly
   enough; this was a clear case of voluntary abduction. But her departure
   caused a feud that continued for years (Fischer, 367).

   To conclude, if you have read some of my previous articles: in
   particular, The Behavioral Ecology of Male Violence, On secret cults
   and male dominance, and my post on Yanomami warfare, the prevalence of
   bride capture practices across cultures is probably unsurprising to
   you. Further, the decline of these sort of practices in small-scale
   societies – why you don’t see them as often today – may be unsurprising
   if you’ve read my piece on The sad and violent history of ‘peaceful’
   societies, and my post on The Complicated Legacy of Colonial Contact.
   If not, I’d recommend you check those pieces out, as I think they help
   flesh out the historical, evolutionary, and ecological logic behind the
   ebb and flow of bride capture practices, and other similar
   institutions.

   August 09, 2018 /Evolving Moloch

     * Newer
     * Older

   Powered by Squarespace
   #RSS Feed

Traditions of Conflict

   Traditions of Conflict

   Comments on Evolutionary Anthropology. Cultural traditions and conflict
   patterns.

     * Home
     * Blog
     * About
     * Publications

   [Blog________]

Yanomami Warfare: How Much Did Napoleon Chagnon Get Right?

   May 24, 2018 by Evolving Moloch

   Since most lethal conflicts among the Yanomamö involve disputes over
   women at some point in the development of the dispute, the status of
   unokai [killers] by definition is intimately related to reproductive
   striving - Napoleon Chagnon, The Yanomamo, 2012.

   One of the most acrimonious debates in anthropology over the last few
   decades revolves around patterns of warfare among the Yanomami
   forager-horticulturalists of the Amazon. What began as a contentious,
   but scholarly debate in the late 1980’s/1990’s became a conflict over a
   variety of incendiary claims made in the book Darkness in El Dorado
   (2000) by author Patrick Tierney. The book and subsequent media
   attention ended up derailing what was otherwise a fairly informative
   discussion addressing the nature of warfare among Yanomami, and how
   those insights can be applied to other small-scale societies. Rather
   than relitigating the controversy over Tierney’s book, I want to go
   back to the scholarly debate between anthropologists Napoleon Chagnon,
   and his main critic, R. Brian Ferguson.

   Chagnon initially gained controversy for his ideas about violence and
   warfare among the Yanomami – and the potential application of these
   ideas to small-scale societies more generally – arguing that “homicide,
   blood revenge, and warfare are manifestations of individual conflicts
   of interest over material and reproductive resources.” In particular,
   Chagnon noted that Yanomami men who had killed had greater reproductive
   success than men who hadn’t. Ferguson contested this claim, arguing
   that, among other things, this effect is primarily driven by the fact
   that killers are more likely to be older (older males have more
   children), and more likely to be a ‘headman’ (headmen usually have more
   wives and more children).

   Regarding his objection about the inclusion of headmen in Chagnon’s
   sample, this seems like Ferguson is advocating a preferred form of
   post-treatment bias, by wanting to statistically control for a variable
   in order to dilute the size of an effect associated with it. 12 of the
   13 headmen in Chagnon’s sample were killers (the only non-killer had
   only recently obtained headman status). If being a killer is, for all
   practical purposes, a requirement to obtain or keep headman status,
   then removing headmen from your sample just obscures the way killing
   can be a pathway to greater power and reproductive success.

   Warriors in small-scale societies gaining greater status and marriage
   opportunities is a fairly common (though not universal) trend. I
   discussed aspects of this in two articles over at Quillette, and I also
   noted this pattern in my last blog post discussing head-hunting
   traditions across cultures, [edit: and see also my more recent
   commentary over at Behavioral and Brain Sciences with Luke Glowacki].
   Table from 'The Role of Rewards in Motivating Participation in Simple
   Warfare' (2013) by Glowacki &amp; Wrangham. Table from 'The Role of
   Rewards in Motivating Participation in Simple Warfare' (2013) by
   Glowacki &amp; Wrangham.

   Table from 'The Role of Rewards in Motivating Participation in Simple
   Warfare' (2013) by Glowacki & Wrangham.

   Two other objections Ferguson raised are worth mentioning. Ferguson
   noted that Chagnon could not account for dead men in his sample (maybe
   being a killer is associated with greater risk of death, and
   potentially worse reproductive success overall when including the dead,
   so only accounting for living men leaves you with a survivorship bias
   in your sample). This is a reasonable objection, although to my
   knowledge it hasn’t been adequately tested. It’s also not exactly fatal
   to Chagnon’s model; it would simply illustrate that being a killer, not
   unexpectedly, is a risky reproductive strategy, with potentially
   high-costs but large benefits for success. At larger social scales, you
   can see this with the examples of Ghengis Khan or Ismael the
   Bloodthirsty, that being a successful conqueror conferred some pretty
   substantial fitness benefits.

   Although, as those examples show, political jockeying and developing
   coalitions of other men to be violent on your behalf, potentially
   reducing your own personal exposure to risky conflict when possible, is
   quite important, so the success of the headmen among the Yanomami is
   worth noting.

   Further, we’d also expect some stabilizing influence on this type of
   aggressive behavior, as being indiscriminately violent, or conversely,
   being unable to defend yourself, are both unlikely to be particularly
   helpful strategies. Chagnon makes a related point in his reply to
   Ferguson, noting that, “Being excessively prone to lethal violence may
   not be an effective route to high reproductive success, but,
   statistically, men who engage in it with some moderation seem to do
   better reproductively than men who do not engage in it at all.”

   This fits with anthropologist Luke Glowacki and primatologist Richard
   Wrangham’s work among the Nyangatom pastoralists of East Africa, where
   men who participated in more low-risk stealth raids had greater
   reproductive success, while men who participated in more high-risk
   large battle raids did not have greater reproductive success. Glowacki
   and Wrangham have also shown that intergroup violence in both
   chimpanzees and among nomadic hunter-gatherers is often undertaken
   tactically; aggressors are more likely to attack when they have a
   numerical advantage and can ambush outsiders who encroach on their
   territory. Indiscriminate use of violence is not favored, but the
   tactical use of violence can represent a genetically and/or culturally
   adaptive strategy. As Chagnon wrote regarding raiding parties among the
   Yanomami,

   “The objective of the raid is to kill one or more of the enemy and flee
   without being discovered.”

   Ferguson’s second objection is his argument that the influx of Western
   goods exacerbated Yanomami violence. This is difficult to test but it
   would not surprise me if it is true. The Salesian missions in the
   region distributed thousands of machetes and axes to the Yanomami, and
   due to unequal distribution and competition for highly valued Western
   goods such as these, it doesn’t seem unlikely that this may have
   increased rates of violent conflict.

   Much of Ferguson’s work throughout his career has been devoted to
   reinforcing the point that initial contact with outsiders (particularly
   Western societies) can exacerbate small-scale warfare, even if
   ultimately colonial authorities eventually end tribal wars. I cited
   Ferguson favorably on this point in my Quillette article on colonial
   contact. This doesn’t mean societies like the Yanomami did not wage war
   in the past, of course, but it is certainly possible the scale and
   scope of their war practices were at the high end of its distribution
   when ethnographers like Chagnon visited them.

   On the other hand, Ferguson makes a pretty severe error in attributing
   essentially all Yanomami conflict to competition over Western goods.
   While the Yanomami themselves often said their raids were due to
   revenge or access to women or witchcraft accusations, Ferguson refuses
   to believe this, attributing everything to basic material factors. I’ll
   have some posts coming out in the future on traditions of bride
   capture, revenge raids, and sorcery across cultures, but suffice to say
   here that these traditions are very common the world over, and
   generally can’t be attributed to Western influence.

   I think Ferguson is missing a pretty big part of the picture here,
   which Chagnon has highlighted in his own ethnographic work. As Chagnon
   wrote in his book on the Yanomami, “New wars usually develop when
   charges of sorcery are leveled against the members of a different
   group. Once raiding has begun between two villages, however, the
   raiders all hope to acquire women if the circumstances are such that
   they can flee without being discovered.”

   More controversially, Ferguson also has claimed that Chagnon himself
   (wittingly or not) exacerbated warfare among the Yanomami. The American
   Anthropological Association attempted to investigate this question in
   the aftermath of the publication of Darkness in El Dorado and were
   unable to come to a determination on this, although they did note an
   example of Chagnon participating in an attempt at a peace agreement
   between hostile villages, at great risk to himself.

   Tentatively, here are some of my conclusions from this debate:

   Successful warriors, among the Yanomami and elsewhere, often do reap
   social and fitness benefits. Although this is not always going to be
   true, and excessively, indiscriminately violent males are probably
   unlikely to do well. Context is important.

   The hypothesis that the influx of Western goods contributed to some
   sort of increase in rates of violent conflict among the Yanomami seems
   plausible, in my view. How big of an increase I cannot say.

   There is no evidence that Chagnon himself exacerbated violent conflict
   among the Yanomami. Chagnon did give gifts of machetes and pots and
   other Western goods to the Yanomami groups he studied, so it is,
   however, possible he may have contributed to the general problem of
   competition for Western goods. The scale of his gift-giving is dwarfed
   by the activities of the Salesian missions, however. Ferguson also
   agrees with this, and argues that the Salesian missions had a much
   greater impact on Yanomami violence than Chagnon.

   I think Chagnon broadly got a lot right. Many of the factors that seem
   to stimulate violent conflict among the Yanomami revolve around
   cultural traditions that have been incredibly common the world over,
   and pre-date Western contact, such as wife capture raids, sorcery
   accusations and revenge attacks. On the other hand, it seems plausible
   to me that the influx of highly desired Western goods, and their
   unequal distribution, due in particular to the activities of the
   Salesian missions, would add a new contributing source of violent
   conflict. This contact pre-dated Chagnon’s arrival and continued while
   he was there. Further, the Yanomami were not small bands of mobile
   hunter-gatherers; they lived in relatively large villages (sometimes
   upwards of 400) and practiced horticulture, in addition to hunting and
   gathering.

   While some patterns of Yanomami warfare are informative when
   considering many other small-scale, and potentially even ancestral,
   human societies (particularly in relation to wife-capture, sorcery
   allegations, and revenge raids, which have been documented among quite
   a few mobile hunter-gatherer groups) the comparison should not be taken
   too far.

   May 24, 2018 /Evolving Moloch

     * Newer
     * Older

   Powered by Squarespace
Traditions of Conflict

   Traditions of Conflict

   Comments on Evolutionary Anthropology. Cultural traditions and conflict
   patterns.
     * Home
     * Blog
     * About
     * Publications

   [Home________]

   1/31/2018 - On secret cults and male dominance

   3/21/2018 - The sad and violent history of 'peaceful societies'

   4/20/2018 - Head in Hands: Notes on the Extraction and Display of Human
   Heads

   6/8/2018 - The Human Penis is Remarkably Boring

   6/19/2018 - Ritual mutilation, human consumption, and contemporary
   insulation

   8/1/2018 - The Cause of Illness: brief thoughts on sorcery and science

   8/23/2018 - Forbidden Utterances: Naming the Dead

   11/12/2018 - The Politics of Chimpanzee Societies

   12/15/2018 - Why headhunting men’s cults develop in lowland riverine
   rainforest areas

   1/4/2019 - Charlatanism: realms of deception and religious theater

   4/1/2019 - The Assassin’s Footprint

   7/6/2019 - Eternal Subjugation

   10/4/2019 - Sacred Metal

   3/18/2018 - Where are the matriarchies?

   3/28/2018 - The Dilemma of the Deserted Husband (and why polygyny is
   more common than polyandry)

   5/24/2018 - Yanomami Warfare: How Much Did Napoleon Chagnon Get Right?

   6/9/2018 - A Tale of Sorcery and Marriage Among the Gebusi

   7/6/2018 - The Social Dynamics of Sorcery

   8/9/2018 - Taking a wife

   10/21/2018 - Omens of War and the Promise of Prophecy

   11/28/2018 - Sex, Revenge, and the Social Fabric

   12/18/2018 - The Momma's Boy Strategy: Why Bonobo Males Tend Not To
   Form Coalitions

   2/23/2019 - Notes on Nggwal

   5/12/2019 - Sexual Selection Through Mate Choice Does Not Explain the
   Evolution of Art and Music

   9/11/2019 - Margaret Mead, Reo Fortune, and the ‘Loving Deception’ of
   the Mountain Arapesh

   Academic Resources Fiction: Initiation Prelude

   Powered by Squarespace
