   #next Mysteries Of The World » Feed Mysteries Of The World » Comments
   Feed

   Skip to content

   Mysteries Of The World
   ____________________
   Search
   (BUTTON) Menu
     * Conspiracy
     * Earth Changes
     * Supernatural
     * UFOs
     * Ancient History
     * Faith
     * Tech
     * Books
     * Movies
     * Search

                                 [INS: :INS]

Extremely Precise Prophecies From A 17 Page Letter That Was Sent To Us In
2016 Are Being Fulfilled In 2019

   Prophecies about America’s judgment are coming to pass right in front
   of our eyes. What is it going to take before people start heeding the
   warnings? Between November 21, 2016 and December 7, 2016, a sister in
   Christ named Sonja Craighead was given a series of extremely detailed
   visions about the future of the United States. After the visions ended,
   Sonja composed a 17 page letter about these visions and sent them to us
   in the mail. You can read the entire 17 page letter right here. (Read
   More.....)

A Colorado Woman Captured Footage Of A Demon-Like Creature Walking Down Her
Driveway On Her Security Camera

                                   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.faceb
   ook.com%2Fvivian.gomez.35977%2Fvideos%2F10216790852937217%2F&show_text=
                                 0&width=560

   This is the strangest video that I have seen in a very long time. A
   Colorado woman named Vivian Gomez claims that one of her security
   cameras captured an incredibly strange creature walking down her
   driveway on Sunday morning. She posted the video to Facebook, and it
   has already been viewed more than 8 million times. You can watch the
   video for yourself right here, and without a doubt it is incredibly
   creepy. (Read More.....)

Michael Snyder: “Last Night I Had A Prophetic Dream About World War 3”

   Recently, I felt specifically instructed to purchase a notebook and
   place it by my bed in order to record any dreams or visions I might
   have at night.  From a very early age I have had unusual dreams, but up
   until now I have never talked about them publicly very much.  I went
   out and purchased the notebook, but at first nothing happened.  One
   week went by, and then another week went by, and I was starting to
   wonder if the notebook would be put to use any time soon. (Read
   More.....)

Denver Airport installs a talking gargoyle that says “Welcome to the
Illuminati Headquarters, I mean, Denver International Airport!”

   Denver International Airport has just installed a brand new animatronic
   talking gargoyle statue that is making fun of the “conspiracy theories”
   about the airport. As you can see in this video, the animatronic statue
   is incredibly lifelike, and it must have cost a fortune to create. The
   airport claims that the goal is to get more people to travel through
   Denver, but the truth is that when you are booking a flight there
   really isn’t much choice. Denver is one of the main national hubs for
   air traffic, and I have personally changed plans there countless times.
   Nobody is going to add extra time to their flight plans just to go
   through Denver if they don’t need to do so. In the end, this sort of a
   promotion is very funny, but it isn’t going to change consumer
   behavior. So is there something else going on? Could it be possible
   that they are attempting to use humor to mask what is really going on
   at the airport? (Read More.....)

The Vatican Has Just Released A New “Chrislam Logo” For The Pope’s Upcoming
Interfaith Visit To Morocco

   On March 30th, Pope Francis plans to make a historic interfaith visit
   to Morocco.  During this visit the Pope will meet with the highest
   ranking Islamic cleric in the country, and it is being reported that
   one of the chief goals of this trip will be to “strengthen ties”
   between Christianity and Islam.  In anticipation of this trip, the
   Vatican held a logo creation contest, and the winning entry combined
   the cross with a crescent in order to “highlight the interreligious
   relations between Christians and Muslims.  The following comes from
   Vatican News… (Read More.....)

It Is Being Claimed That A “Stargate” Opened Up In The Skies Above
California…

              IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/X8fVAfIFZBI

   A California woman recently took three photos of the sun in rapid
   succession, and in one of them a very large circular anomaly is clearly
   visible.  Some paranormal researchers are claiming that this thing is a
   “stargate”, but others are very skeptical of this claim.  But if it is
   not a stargate, then what is it?  Watch the video and decide for
   yourself… (Read More.....)

Can Liberals Survive The Apocalypse?

              IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/cSSFAGx3GNY

   If you are a prepper, you have got to see this incredibly funny video!
   Conservatives and liberals tend to have very different approaches to
   prepping, and this short video does a great job of pointing them out in
   a very humorous manner. This is definitely worth the six minutes that
   it takes to watch it. (Read More.....)

Experts Warn Of A Cataclysmic Flip Of Earth’s Magnetic Field As A “Mysterious
Anomaly” Under The Continent Of Africa Causes It To Weaken

   The Earth’s magnetic field is steadily getting weaker, and scientists
   are warning that it could soon flip.  If that happens, it will be a
   cataclysmic event beyond anything that we have ever experienced
   before.  Of course most people never even give much thought to the
   giant magnetic field that surrounds our planet, but without it modern
   society would simply not be possible.  The magnetic field provides
   protection for the electrical grid which powers our homes, our
   businesses, our hospitals, our stores, our banks, our computers and our
   televisions.  It is essentially an enormous “force field” that protects
   our world from solar storms and cosmic radiation.  Right now we take
   that protection for granted, but scientists tell us that Earth’s
   magnetic field has flipped before, and that it could soon happen again.
   (Read More.....)

Peak Depravity: An “Illuminati Ball” Modeled After Eyes Wide Shut Will Be
Held In New York City On New Year’s Eve

   If you were invited to an “Illuminati Ball”, would you go?  As 2018
   turns into 2019, the wildest party in New York City will be put on by
   Cynthia von Buhler.  She has become known for her “over-the-top
   parties”, and she says that people will be flying in from all over the
   world for this one.  Tickets reportedly cost up to $400, and it is
   being billed as a night that guests will never forget.  But what does
   it say about our society that there is such a demand among the elite of
   New York City for such entertainment?  According to the New York Post,
   this costume ball has been specifically modeled after the movie “Eyes
   Wide Shut”… (Read More.....)

Is Kevin Spacey Going To Pull A Keyser Soze? Watch The Bizarre Video He
Posted Moments After Being Charged With Sexual Assault

              IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/JZveA-NAIDI

   Kevin Spacey has broken his silence. For the very first time since
   allegations of sexual misconduct first came out, Kevin Spacey is
   telling the world exactly what he thinks. Immediately after it was
   confirmed that he will be charged with sexual assault, he posted a
   video to YouTube entitled “Let Me Be Frank” in which he once again took
   on the persona of Frank Underwood. But in this video, he appears to be
   addressing events in “House of Cards” and the drama surrounding his
   personal life simultaneously. Trust me, this is one video that you will
   not forget any time soon. (Read More.....)

Bizarre “Demonic Sky Creature” Caught On Camera By A Stunned Photographer

              IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/lB9SF-OlIU8

   Do you have any idea what this thing is?  On December 16th, a Brazilian
   photographer was taking a walk in a local park when he noticed a very
   strange object hovering in the sky overhead.  Because it was quite a
   distance away, he didn’t think too much of it, and he continued on with
   his walk… (Read More.....)

11-Year-Old Girl’s Inoperable Brain Tumor Miraculously Disappears And A Woman
Comes Back From The Dead After Seeing Heaven

   Miracles are still happening today.  When 11-year-old Roxli Doss was
   diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer in June, doctors did not believe
   that she would live for very long.  And even though there is no cure,
   she went through many weeks of radiation treatment anyway.  But even
   after all of that treatment, it looked like there was no hope.  The
   following comes from a USA Today story about her… (Read More.....)

Jeremiah Johnson Says That He Was Visited By Jesus, And What He Was Told
About Our Future Shook Him To His Core

   It is a very serious thing to claim that you have been visited by
   Jesus, and it should not be done lightly.  Because if you are not
   telling the truth, that can have severe consequences.  But if it is
   happening, the body of Messiah should be open to hearing what words of
   correction the King has for us in this hour.  With all that being said,
   I would like to share with you something that Jeremiah Johnson has just
   released.  Jeremiah is a well established minister that has been
   preaching the gospel for many years, and he has a very solid
   reputation.  The following comes from the bio that he has posted on his
   official website… (Read More.....)

Woman Is Shown What Happens In World War 3: “The nation is going to be
invaded by Russia and China”

   Are we heading for World War 3?  According to a stunning vision that
   Monique Bizet had just a few weeks ago, it is definitely coming, and
   the United States is going to lose.  Of course she is not the only one
   to see such a thing.  For decades, God has been revealing to men and
   women all over the world that there will be a surprise nuclear attack
   on America.  Afterwards, the Russians will invade the east coast and
   the Chinese will invade the west coast.  For a very long time, many
   doubted that this would ever take place, but now our relations with
   both Russia and China are deteriorating rapidly.  We certainly aren’t
   on the verge of war just yet, but we are moving in that direction.
   (Read More.....)

Jonathan Cahn Shares New Scientific Evidence That The Bible Is True

              IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/HAWzlQ_2bro

   We live in a day and age when most people do not believe that the Bible
   is the literal Word of God, but the more that scientists dig into
   things the more they find evidence that directly confirms the claims of
   the Bible.  In this video, Rabbi Jonathan Cahn shares some new pieces
   of evidence for the Christian faith that were recently in the news.
   (Read More.....)

Antarctica Anomalies: Are Dark Secrets Starting To Emerge From Under All That
Ice?

              IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/PDmv1RUCPO4

   Thanks to extremely inhospitable conditions, the continent of
   Antarctica was basically undisturbed by human activity for centuries.
   And even now, what exists under all that ice remains a great mystery,
   but some of Antarctica’s dark secrets are starting to emerge.  Could it
   be possible that what will be revealed will tell us a great deal about
   our past or even our future?  A new documentary is taking a hard look
   at some recent discoveries in Antarctica, and it is raising some very
   important questions.  The following is what the producers of the new
   documentary have to say about it… (Read More.....)

In Israel A Special Golden Crown Is Being Created For The Arrival Of The
Messiah

   A Jewish rabbi that can trace his lineage directly back to King David
   has initiated a project to create a special golden crown for the
   Messiah.  According to Rabbi Yosef Berger, the coming of the Messiah is
   drawing near, and so physical preparations should be made for his
   arrival.  This is yet another example that shows how eager many Jewish
   people are for the messianic age to begin.  And Rabbi Berger actually
   believes that the creation of this crown will “hasten the arrival of
   the king”… (Read More.....)

   Post navigation
   Older posts
   1 2 … 8 Next →

                                 [INS: :INS]

   Rapture verdict ad 1

                                 [INS: :INS]

   The Beginning Of The End Ad

                                 [INS: :INS]

   Get Prepared Now

   Preppers Blueprint

   Beginning Of The End

   © Unexplained Mysteries Of The World 2019

   7ads6x98y
