   #Guilt-Free Homeschooling » Feed Guilt-Free Homeschooling » Comments
   Feed next

Guilt-Free Homeschooling

   Equipping parents for homeschooling success!
     * About
     * Privacy Policy
     * Products Page
     * GFHS Workshops
     * Titles Index
     * Topical Index

Top 10 Ways an Older Visual Learner Can Help Himself

   March 27, 2014 by CarolynM 1 Comment

   Top 10 Ways Older Visual Learner Help Himself These tips will be
   helpful to visual students in middle school, high school, college, or
   beyond, who need to motivate themselves and control their own learning
   environment.
    1. Color-code notes with highlighters, colored pens/pencils, colored
       notecards, etc [see link below].
    2. Recopy notes and information for tests and re-highlight, using your
       color code. Repeat at often as needed.
    3. Watch a demo on You Tube (or other social media site) over and
       over, as often as needed. Pause and replay the most critical parts
       to gain full understanding.
    4. Color a previously black-and-white map or trace the boundary lines
       with a highlighter for emphasis. Even drawing a fancy border around
       a diagram can help you pay attention to the info and remember it.
    5. Draw your own copies of charts, graphs, and diagrams (with lots of
       colors) to help you understand concepts.
    6. Alphabetize notecards and/or facts; shuffle and re-sort as a study
       method.
    7. Use light-colored gel pens/markers on dark-colored paper for a
       whole different look.
    8. Mnemonic devices, such as acronyms or acrostics, can help with
       memorizing lists and other troublesome information. Example: HOMES
       for the Great Lakes (Huron, Ontario, Michigan, Erie, Superior).
       Rearrange items to spell out an easier-to-remember word/phrase, or
       take liberties as needed with spelling or words to create a visual
       key: I learned the order of Presidents McKinley, Theodore
       Roosevelt, Taft, Wilson by converting the initials to “MR TV.”
    9. Develop your own formulaic methods for organizing information,
       writing papers, and studying, but allow your rough drafts to be
       just that: rough. Welcome imperfection as a sign that you can
       continue to learn and improve. Rough drafts and outlines can be
       created in a variety of formats, and visual learners can benefit
       from using multiple layouts. Experiment to find what works best for
       you.
   10. Incorporate learning methods from the other 3 styles to improve
       your overall learning abilities.

   For further help, visit these links:
   Learning Styles v. It’s a Syndrome
   Color-Coding as a Learning Tool
   “Visual Learning” topic (including all of this “Visual Learning Week”
   series)
   “Learning Styles” topic
   Filed Under: Encouraging Your Student, Learning Outside the Books, Top
   10 (and other) Lists, Visual Learning

#ThrowbackThursday: Visual Learners

   March 26, 2014 by CarolynM Leave a Comment

   #ThrowbackThursday Gem from Visual Archives As part of Visual Learning
   Week, we invite you to take a look back into the Guilt-Free
   Homeschooling archives. The gem we have selected as a supplement to
   this week’s focus is “Stealth Learning” Through Free Play for its
   ultra-sneaky approach to teaching in ways that look more like playing
   than learning. In fact, many stealthy lessons can take place while Mom
   isn’t even in the room, but is snatching a few well-chosen moments to
   start a load of laundry or help another child through a tough spot in
   his own lessons.

   Visual learners are the most apt to notice patterns and relationships
   in playthings, manipulatives, and other learning tools, in the same way
   they notice details in the diagrams and charts used in their other
   lessons. This same concept can apply to stealth learning from a visual
   perspective: as your students stack and arrange letter tiles or
   dominoes into patterns, they will be stealthily observing mathematical
   proportions and other vital concepts. You can take advantage of the
   visual learner’s natural propensity for spotting details and patterns
   by giving them plenty of opportunities to experiment with manipulatives
   and by casually putting posters, charts, maps, diagrams, and lists of
   facts and/or vocabulary words around the house for your visual learner
   to absorb as more stealth learning. Learn how to spot the things your
   kids are already stealthily learning on their own. Enjoy!

   For further help on this topic, and to see the rest of the posts in the
   “Visual Learning Week” series, see this link:

   “Visual Learning” topic
   Filed Under: Visual Learning

Most Misunderstood Trait of Visual Learners

   March 25, 2014 by CarolynM Leave a Comment

   Most Misunderstood Trait Visual Visual learners really do need to watch
   something over and over before trying it themselves. They aren’t
   necessarily shy, withdrawn, introverted, uninterested, or not paying
   attention. They are learning visually.

   For further help on this topic, and to see the rest of the posts in the
   “Visual Learning Week” series, see this link:

   “Visual Learning” topic
   Filed Under: Visual Learning

#TakeMeBackTuesday: Visual Learners

   March 24, 2014 by CarolynM Leave a Comment

   #TakeMeBackTuesday Visual As part of Visual Learning Week, we invite
   you to read the Visual Learners excerpt from our book, Taking the
   Mystery Out of Learning Styles. This excerpt focuses on visual learning
   and explores some of the techniques that are useful in teaching
   students who are motivated by any opportunity to read, watch, study,
   and observe. Enjoy!

   For further help on this topic, and to see the rest of the posts in the
   “Visual Learning Week” series, see this link:

   “Visual Learning” topic
   Filed Under: Visual Learning

Top 10 Ways to Help Visual Learners

   March 23, 2014 by CarolynM Leave a Comment

   Top 10 Ways to Help Visual Learner These tips will be helpful for
   parents of younger visual students, who need help learning how to
   learn.
    1. Allow him to watch demonstrations over and over until he is
       confident in attempting to do it himself. Don’t push him to
       participate until he is ready, and don’t mistake his learning style
       for shyness.
    2. Use bright colors in visual aids; break the
       everything-in-black-and-white pattern.
    3. Allow plenty of pleasure reading time, and count it as reading
       class. Books, book shelves, bookends, book marks, and more BOOKS –
       get them (library, eBooks, whatever), and keep them where they can
       be easily used.
    4. Use posters, charts, diagrams, maps, and graphs. Have him color
       diagrams of equivalent fractions, patterns of multiples on a
       100-grid, or list words with the same spelling pattern (writing
       those repeated letters in the same color each time).
    5. Let him see it and take time to study it visually, and he’ll soak
       in more details than you would have pointed out.
    6. Provide colored highlighters, colored pencils (splurge for the
       erasable ones!), and colored notecards for making printed
       information more visually memorable. A different colored pencil for
       each step of complex math problems helps show the changes. Use
       specific highlighter colors for dates, names, quotes, etc.
    7. Provide pocket folders, file folders, and filing boxes for personal
       organization of notes and information. Organization is a
       life-skill, and it can begin with schoolwork.
    8. Let him use a label-maker! The visual learner will thrive on
       organizing and labeling folders and notebooks, but a label-maker
       can also be useful in making flashcards, diagrams, and other
       learning tools.
    9. Take notes, make charts and posters, and keep them everywhere:
       bathroom mirror, hallway, etc. Seeing = remembering.
   10. Give him experiences in the other 3 styles to improve his overall
       learning abilities

   For further help, visit these links:
   Learning Styles v. It’s a Syndrome
   “Visual Learning” topic (including all of this “Visual Learning Week”
   series)
   “Learning Styles” topic
   Filed Under: Encouraging Your Student, Learning Outside the Books, Top
   10 (and other) Lists, Visual Learning

Top 10 Ways an Older Auditory Learner Can Help Himself

   March 20, 2014 by CarolynM Leave a Comment

   Top 10 Ways Older Auditory Learner Help Himself These tips will be
   helpful to auditory students in middle school, high school, college, or
   beyond, who need to motivate themselves and control their own learning
   environments.
    1. Read difficult material aloud in your own room to help you
       concentrate, and you’ll know exactly when you get distracted. Read
       notes aloud and/or recite aloud to study for tests.
    2. Use Mom or a sibling for a student, and explain a concept or
       principle to them, because the best way to learn something fully
       yourself is to teach it to someone else. Talk it through – whether
       organizing thoughts for a major paper, solving a tough math
       problem, or learning an economics principle, discussing it aloud
       (even with yourself) can make a huge difference in understanding.
       Hearing the ideas can make much more sense than just silently
       reading them. Record yourself explaining the concept, then play it
       back, if simply talking out loud isn’t enough.
    3. Listen to music (at low volume) while studying. Use music you
       already know well, so you won’t pay close attention to the lyrics.
       Change to a different style of music or a different artist when you
       change subjects, as a memory key. (I was listening to Big Band
       Swing, while studying my history notes… and I put this date right
       into that Glenn Miller song, Pennsylvania 6-5-0-0-0… it’s “November
       2-2, 1-9-6-3!! Movies or TV shows (on DVD or reruns) can also work
       as background “white noise,” but make it something you are very
       familiar with. You don’t want to get distracted by trying to follow
       a new plot.
    4. Make rhythmic poems or raps out of lists or other info that must be
       memorized, or sing the information to a simple, familiar tune.
    5. Use an accent. Your ears are attuned to even subtle differences in
       sounds, so reading aloud or talking to yourself with a fake accent
       will actually help your brain focus. For even more help, change
       accents when you change subjects.
    6. Watching the video version of a book first can help hold your
       interest while you read the book later. You’ll hear the actors’
       voices in your head when you read it.
    7. Look up a topic on social media, such as Instagram, Vine, You Tube,
       etc. as another way to hear it.
    8. Act it out.
    9. Play an instrument while studying, whether as a quick break or as
       your own “background music.” Rhythmically drumming your fingers
       counts, as does strumming guitar while watching a video.
   10. Incorporate learning methods from the other 3 styles to improve
       your overall learning abilities.

   For further help, visit these links:
   Learning Styles v. It’s a Syndrome
   “Auditory Learning” topic (including all of this “Auditory Learning
   Week” series)
   “Learning Styles” topic
   Filed Under: Auditory Learning, Encouraging Your Student, Learning
   Outside the Books, Top 10 (and other) Lists

#ThrowbackThursday: Auditory Learners

   March 19, 2014 by CarolynM Leave a Comment

   #ThrowbackThursday Gem from Auditory Archives As part of Auditory
   Learning Week, we invite you to take a look back into the Guilt-Free
   Homeschooling archives. The gem we have selected as a supplement to
   this week’s focus is My “Rule of 3” for its sanity-saving principle
   that allows the child freedom to express himself, while also allowing
   Mom to call a halt to annoying activities. The auditory student’s
   innate desire to talk, discuss, ask questions, and just make noises in
   general is a prime candidate for this valuable standard. Enjoy!

   For further help on this topic, and to see the rest of the posts in the
   “Auditory Learning Week” series, see this link:

   “Auditory Learning” topic
   Filed Under: Auditory Learning
   Next Page »
   Search this website  Search

Now Available as eBooks!

   Click here to learn more!

Got Questions? Start Here!

   Co-op Group Questions?
   Considering Homeschooling?
   First-Time Homeschooler?
   Leaving Public School?
   Stuck in a Homeschool Rut?
   Disaster Day!!!
   [LOGO-drawn-141x105px.jpg]

Contact

   Email questions or topic suggestions to:
   Carolyn Morrison

   Subscribe to my feed

                                 Disclaimer
   Enter your Email
   ______________________________
   Subscribe me!
   Preview | Powered by FeedBlitz

                   Click here to find Carolyn on FACEBOOK!

     Click here to see CAROLYN's teaching ideas on her PINTEREST Boards!
    Click here to see JENNIFER's teaching ideas on her PINTEREST Boards!
                      Click here to see our ETSY Shop!

Recent Comments

     * CarolynM on Surviving the First Year of Homeschooling after Leaving
       Public School
     * Dianne on Surviving the First Year of Homeschooling after Leaving
       Public School
     * Martha on Workshop Wednesday: Color-Coding As a Learning Tool
     * Getting out of a Homeschool Slump (Ep #54, 3/22/15) – Savvy
       Homeschool Moms podcast on Surviving the Mid-Year Slump
     * Ashley Wright on The Various Stages of Homeschooling (for Newbies)
     * Patrick Bestall on The Wise Man Learns from the Mistakes of Others,
       The Fool Has to Learn from His Own
     * UpNorthCrunchyChristianMomma on Should Everyone Homeschool?
     * 17 Sidewalk Chalk Creations for Creative Photography | Tip Junkie
       on Workshop Wednesday: Sidewalk Art
     * Homeschooling because of Bullying at School | A2Z Homeschooling on
       Bullying
     * CarolynM on Homeschooling Failures I Have Known — and What Can Be
       Learned from Them

Monthly Archives

   Monthly Archives [Select Month__]
   Carolyn & Jennifer Guilt-Free Homeschooling is the creation of Carolyn
   Morrison and her daughter, Jennifer Leonhard. After serious
   disappointments with public school, Carolyn spent the next 11 years
   homeschooling her two children, from elementary to high school
   graduation and college admission. Refusing to force new homeschooling
   families to re-invent the wheel, Carolyn and Jennifer now share their
   encouragement, support, tips, and tricks, filling their blog with "all
   the answers we were looking for as a new-to-homeschooling family" and
   making this website a valuable resource for parents, not just a daily
   journal. Guilt-Free Homeschooling -- Equipping parents for
   homeschooling success!

Categories

     * Activity Ideas (66)
     * Attitudes (11)
     * Auditory Learning (41)
     * Behavior (28)
     * Co-op Groups (12)
     * Curriculum Choices (21)
     * Deciding to Homeschool (46)
     * Discipline (14)
     * Doing Your "Best" (16)
     * Encouragement Corner (3)
     * Encouragement for Parents (89)
     * Encouraging Your Student (51)
     * Family Unity (60)
     * High School (9)
     * Home Chores (12)
     * Homeschool How-To's (118)
     * Homeschool v. Public School (43)
     * Homeschooling as a Lifestyle (47)
     * Kinesthetic Learning (53)
     * Learning Outside the Books (83)
     * Learning Styles (36)
     * Leaving Public School (27)
     * Legal Records (4)
     * Math (40)
     * Parenting (32)
     * Phonics (11)
     * Preschoolers (27)
     * Reading (25)
     * Roadblocks to Learning (34)
     * Role-Modeling (15)
     * Scheduling (12)
     * Science (6)
     * Scripture Applied to Homeschooling (5)
     * Sibling Relationships (14)
     * Socialization (12)
     * Speech (2)
     * Spelling (12)
     * Tactile Learning (65)
     * Testing (2)
     * Top 10 (and other) Lists (29)
     * Transcripts (5)
     * Uncategorized (49)
     * Visual Learning (54)
     * Workshop Wednesday (41)
     * Writing (11)

   Return to top of page

   Copyright © 2019 · Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in

   counter
