   #Posts on 'Urban Comfort' (Atom) Posts on 'Urban Comfort' (RSS 1.0)
   Posts on 'Urban Comfort' (RSS 2.0)

Urban Comfort

02 February 2015

Taking a Sabbatical

   On Friday morning, I sat down to write a post about strawberry
   buttercream. Then I realized I didn't want to write about strawberry
   buttercream. Not that there's anything wrong with it; it's wonderful,
   you should try it. But it's completely irrelevant to where my head is
   at these days.

   As I mentioned before, I've been immersed in purging my life. I've been
   caught off guard by how intensely emotional and cathartic this process
   has been.  (I'm normally a moderate, not a zealot.) I'm not quite done,
   but by now I've handled just about every single possession I own, and
   it feels like I've handled not my belongings, but every chapter, every
   detail of my life, current and past.  It's ten years of therapy rolled
   into several months. It's been unexpected and very, very weird. It
   feels just like a breakup. You know, the impossible relationship that's
   clearly doomed but causes grief, nonetheless.

   Underneath this emotional roil, I have felt the stirrings of excitement
   and joy. There's work to be done; I'm anxious to get started. I've come
   full circle, arriving at the very beginning once again. Other than the
   discovery of an awesome lip pencil I'd forgotten about, my greatest
   (re)discovery in handling all the scraps of my life has been that the
   fundamental me hasn't gone anywhere.  It just needs to be reshaped.

   But past the place of dreams lies the journey of many steps, the bits
   and pieces of hard work that have to be cobbled together into something
   solid. It requires attention, fewer distractions, the ability to get
   past my limitations, those walls erected by choice or circumstance. The
   only way through is focused learning. It seemed so impossible before,
   not enough time or resources to do and learn everything I wanted, but
   here, now, my brain has opened up.  I want less, but I want more. I'm
   ready to go deep.

   Which brings me to Urban Comfort. There are maybe a handful of people
   who care about my psychological or creative journey, and this blog
   doesn't feel like the right forum for that. This is not a new
   realization. I've written earlier drafts of this post going back more
   than a year. I kept feeling like I could revamp the old, but sometimes
   it's better to say goodbye to the old and start again. It's a painful
   decision to make, but Urban Comfort has become the stretched out,
   shapeless sweater still hanging in my closet.

   I suspect I'll be back to the Interwebs eventually, but more likely in
   a different format, one that more accurately reflects the pathways I
   want to take. But I need some time and distance to figure that out.

   Thank you to everyone who's passed this way, who's made my life better
   and richer. Whether you were a commenter or a silent lurker, I
   appreciate that you shared in this space. I started Urban Comfort as a
   personal outlet, a way to connect with a community. I was lonely, as a
   new mother with a new life in post-Katrina New Orleans, a city that was
   struggling just as I was. My city is different now. Different than it
   was in my childhood, more bustling and booming than it was when I moved
   back. I'm different, too, stretched beyond my old skin.

   I will keep this site up, since a large number of readers come here
   through Pinterest. If you wish to be alerted when I have new plans, you
   can subscribe by email or through a reader, such as Feedly. In the
   meantime, I'll still be on Instagram and Pinterest, sharing in one way
   or another.

   I'll see you around!



   Posted at 09:11 AM in Personal Musings | Permalink | Comments (8)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1D60Tez&text=Taking a Sabbatical&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

20 January 2015

2 Great Recipes for a Weeknight

   2 Great Recipes for a Weeknight | Urban Comfort

   January always takes more from me than she gives. Even in New Orleans,
   better known for its subtropical heat. But January or not, there's
   always dinner to be made, and in the winter, I'm less likely to be
   happy with the simple, deconstructed meals I tend to favor in the
   summer. I want something to ward off the chill, to light a little fire
   inside. I want hearty and happy, but with my feet dragging across the
   floor, I need something simple and quick to prepare.

   Two of my favorite go-to dishes for a winter weeknight are spaghetti
   aglio e olio with roasted shrimp or a perfectly cooked ribeye served
   with mashed potatoes (or Ore-Ida Simply Olive Oil and Sea Salt Country
   Style Fries, if I'm feeling really lazy). I made both of these last
   week, back-to-back, on single parenting nights with plenty of homework.
   No blood or tears were shed in their creation, so I feel safe in saying
   they're good weeknight dishes.

   I use Ina Garten's recipe for spaghetti aglio e olio, with roasted
   shrimp (which is even easier than pan sautéing, if that's possible).
   Before serving, I just toss the shrimp with the spaghetti. Even better,
   make extra and save the leftovers for lunch the next day. It's really
   good cold!

   For the ribeye, I use Alton Brown's method, which has never once failed
   me. I reduce or increase the oven cooking time, depending on the
   thickness of the steak, but it's simple math. (Admittedly, I am precise
   with the cooking time, relying on the stopwatch feature on my phone.
   But when you're talking seconds rather than minutes, precision is
   key!)

   Simple, so good. Exactly what a chilly January night requires.


   Click thru for links

   Ina Garten's Spaghetti Aglio E Olio


   Directions for roasted shrimp:

   1 pound large shrimp (26/30 count)
   1 Tablespoon olive oil
   1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
   1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper

   Preheat oven to 400 °F. Toss shrimp with the olive oil, salt, and
   pepper. Spread them in one layer on a sheet pan and roast for 6-8
   minutes, just until they're pink and cooked through.


   Alton Brown's Pan-Seared Rib-Eye Recipe



   Posted at 07:54 AM in Eat & Drink | Permalink | Comments (1)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/153AXT3&text=2 Great Recipes for a Weeknight&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

14 January 2015

Excuse Me While I Have an Identity Crisis

   Urban Comfort | Suzonne Stirling

   You know that feeling of being caught between lives, when you've
   outgrown one way of life but haven't comfortably shifted into another?
   That's been my life for awhile now. It's difficult, sometimes. I'm a
   person who sees possibilities, all of the many, varied roads that
   stretch ahead of me. But I'm also old enough to quickly curb some of
   those possibilities, to instinctively know what won't work for the long
   haul. That seesawing of possibility and pruning can be exhausting. But
   as I know from all the other times I've been caught between lives,
   there's no way out but through.

   This feeling of "messiness" in my life has probably contributed to my
   wanting less, as I mentioned in my last post. I feel nearly obsessed,
   lately, with stripping away the layers so I can determine what I want
   to keep or add on for the future. And truthfully, for me, all that
   psychological clarity has to begin in the physical world.

   To that end, I've taken an entirely different approach to purging my
   workspace and home over the last couple of months. You might wonder how
   that's any different from the usual spring cleaning one does, but this
   feels more urgent to me, an absolute need to rid myself of whatever
   might be holding me back - anything that's taking up too much valuable
   space in my brain, takes too much effort to deal with on a daily basis,
   anything that doesn't enrich my life.

   I've always given things away; purging my workspace is an ongoing
   necessity. But I no longer ask if something is too valuable or too good
   to toss, which implies a level of irresponsibility or wastefulness if I
   do let it go.  Now, I ask, simply, if I've outgrown it, implying growth
   and movement, generally a more positive perspective.

   Remarkably, that mindset has allowed me to jettison possessions almost
   without thinking. Think too much and I'll find a distant, far-flung
   reason for keeping it. Move with my instincts and the separation is so
   quick it's painless. Honestly, I barely even know what I've gotten rid
   of, but I'm feeling lighter and lighter. The good news is that once you
   get rolling, it gets easier and easier to say goodbye.

   My creativity is on hold during this time. I'm focusing every ounce of
   energy I have into paring down, streamlining, clearing the clutter of
   my inbox, my laptop, my office, my home, my life. There will be clarity
   when I reach the bottom, that's what keeps me going. It may not be
   true, but at the very least, there will be a lightness of being. And
   when I'm all stripped down to a comfortable leanness, I look forward to
   creating again, from the bottom up.

   ------------------------------------

   Does this resonate with you?  If you need to lighten your load or move
   into another chapter of your life, you might find the following book
   helpful, The Life-changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of
   Decluttering and Organizing by Marie Kondo.

   Publishers send me lots of new books, most of which end up at my local
   thrift store immediately. But The Life-changing Magic of Tidying
   Up came just at the time I was beginning to purge my belongings, so I
   took the time to read it before handing it off to someone else.  While
   I ask myself whether I've outgrown something, Kondo asks you to
   question whether any particular item "sparks joy" for you.  If it
   doesn't, out it goes.

   At first glance, that seems simplistic. After all, there are plenty of
   tools in my house that don't "spark joy," but that I still find useful
   or necessary.  But I had a moment of realization, standing in my
   kitchen, admiring a container of hand carved wooden spoons in my baking
   area. They're out, exposed, but it brings me joy just to look at them.
   So I've resolved to take that approach even with utilitarian items.  If
   it's simple, beautiful, and well made, it will bring me joy.

   My cake tester with the blue plastic top that didn't look good on
   display, but always got lost in a drawer when it was put away, replaced
   with this. Next on my list, this pan brush, vegetable brush, and bench
   scraper.  More expensive than what's readily available in local stores,
   but strangely calming. (I feel almost insane writing that, but somehow
   it's true.)

   Other interesting tidbits - Instead of folding your clothes and storing
   them in stacks, Kondo shares a folding approach that allows your
   clothing to be stored vertically in a drawer (I tried this in my son's
   dresser and I can report that it's less messy in there since he can see
   exactly which shirts and pants he wants to wear, at a glance.) Another
   idea is to remove excess packaging and labels from bottles and
   toiletries, even those things stored in cupboards, more to reduce the
   visual chatter and calm the mind than anything else.

   There's more, but I'll let you read for yourself. And if you're not as
   obsessed as I am at the moment, or more comfortable with 1-minute tips
   to get you started, there's another book that just came out, Clear the
   Clutter, Find Happiness: One-Minute Tips for Decluttering and
   Refreshing Your Home and Your Life by Donna Smallin.


   Posted at 08:38 AM in For the Home, Makeover, Personal Musings |
   Permalink | Comments (5)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1xpti88&text=Excuse Me While I Have an Identity
   Crisis&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

03 January 2015

Wanting Less

   Camellias

   I've made the mistake of perusing my blog list over the last couple of
   days; I'm already exhausted. So many resolutions and detoxes and ways
   to have more, be more, do more, more, more, more...and I suddenly
   realize exactly what I want for 2015.  I want less.  It feels strange
   to write that, anti-American almost, but as the old adage goes, less is
   more, sometimes.

   I could fill pages and pages with resolutions - things to quit, things
   to do, things to do better, new things to learn, ways and ways to fill
   up a day and a life. But this year, I have just one thing on my list.
   Breathe, deeply. It's the one thing we forget to do when we're rushing
   headlong into life, scurrying here and there, juggling too many
   responsibilities, possibilities, and dreams at one time. But shallow
   breaths deplete us, one breath at a time.

   If I breathe, deeply, I'll be more creative. I'll pause long enough to
   see the beauty that surrounds me. I'll take in the details that others
   miss. I'll have the chance to connect with the many projects born out
   of my fingertips over the course of a year.

   If I breathe, deeply, I'll be healthier. My nervous system will be
   calmer, my head clearer, my chest more open, my muscles looser.

   If I breathe, deeply, I'll listen better, love better, be more patient
   and kind.

   Any one of those goals would be worthy on its own. All are available to
   me if I remember to breathe. Deeply.

   Happy New Year!  I hope you receive what you're most hoping for in this
   new year.

   xo


   Posted at 10:25 AM in Personal Musings | Permalink | Comments (12)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/14632ca&text=Wanting Less&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

15 December 2014

Special Delivery Christmas Tag

   Special Delivery Gift Tag

   Remember when you were a kid and Christmas seemed to take forever to
   arrive? Sometimes I long for a return to that slow burn of
   anticipation. But here we are, with Christmas a little more than a week
   away! That means lots of gift wrapping this week.

   I thought I'd share this simple gift tag with you to download. I
   printed mine on a shimmery cardstock (Stardream Quartz, available at
   Paper Source) and turned it into a hang tag, but you can print it on
   sticker paper and use it as a label on your mailed packages as well.

   (Download by clicking on the link below the image.)

   Holiday Tag Printables

   Download Holiday Tag Printables


   P.S.  The winner of the Smile Brilliant giveaway is Nikki N.
   Congratulations!




   Posted at 07:00 PM in Holidays | Permalink | Comments (3)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1BNB14u&text=Special Delivery Christmas Tag&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

08 December 2014

Christmas Baking

   I've been hard at work finishing assignments for next Christmas,
   dreaming of all the fun things I want to make and do for
   this Christmas. It feels like a late start this year, so I'm skipping
   most of the holiday crafting and overly ambitious decor in favor of the
   gift giving - the baking, the wrapping, the spreading of joy and cheer.

   First up, the baking. I've never been one of those people who bake a
   gazillion cookies every year, but I suddenly can't wait to get into the
   kitchen.  There will be booze, too.  Friends bring fruit from their
   trees, I make liqueurs. This year, there's been a steady stream of
   fruit, which means my kitchen is populated with bottles and bottles of
   satsuma, calamondin, and kumquat liqueurs along with the blackberry
   whiskey and almond liqueur I've been aging since last year.  Lots of
   holiday cheer. But I digress. Back to that holiday baking.

   I'm gathering up all the recipes I plan to make for friends and family
   and it seemed selfish not to share them.  I really want to stretch a
   bit, try something new.  Of course there will be some favorites that
   I'll revisit, such as the Scandinavian Almond Cake and Rosemary Butter
   Cookies from this post.  They'll be part of my holiday repertoire
   forever and ever! Amen.

   Here's what else I'm eyeing this year -


   Coconut Pecan Praline Cookies

   Coconut Pecan Pralines from Confession of a Cookbook Queen.  Over the
   summer, a friend mentioned his mother's coconut pralines, which was an
   entirely new concept to me, and one I've been eager to try. The
   addition of pecans is a bonus.


   Pecan Fig Nougat

   Because there can never be too many pecans,  I'll be making this Pecan
   Fig Nougat from For the Love of the South as well.


   Blackberry-Jam-Shortbread-Bars-4
   I spend most of my year waiting for blackberry season to roll around
   again. It's all too short of a season, so blackberry jam keeps me happy
   during the waiting. Blackberry Jam Shortbread Bars from Recipe Girl.

   Red-velvet-crinkle-cookies9-edit+srgb.
   As a Southerner, red velvet is simply part of my cultural heritage.
   Besides, these Red Velvet Crinkle Cookies from Cooking Classy are too
   pretty to pass up.

   Lemon_wreaths8
   Lemon Almond Cookie Wreaths from Cook Republic.   Because sometimes you
   just need a simple cookie to eat by the fistful.

   Calissons-close1
   I made these Calissons once (from this recipe by Foodbeam) and they
   were lovely. Except it was summer and I thought they'd be nice for the
   winter months instead. I use my absolute favorite orange blossom water
   from Mymoune, which there seems to be a current shortage of.  However,
   I was able to locate it through The Meadow (available for pick-up or
   mail order).


   Eggnog-Biscotti-9
   Let's face it, the holidays require copious amounts of coffee. What
   better accompaniment than Eggnog Biscotti from Home Cooking Memories?


   Gingerbread Mushrooms
   Admittedly, I find these Mushroom Shaped Lebkuchen from Twigg
   Studios completely adorable, but we all need a little gingerbread
   during the holidays.


   That's where I'm at so far. When all is said and done, I think I'll
   need some type of chocolate concoction beyond the red velvet. I could
   always make fudge, but that's hardly stretching myself. Or I could try
   the Brutti Ma Buoni from my friend, Chef Lisa White.  They're my son's
   absolute favorite cookie in the entire world and she brings him full
   boxes which he always manages to eat singlehandedly.  Perhaps it's time
   to give them a whirl at home.

   Does anyone else have any favorites I should try?  Post a link in the
   comments (or include the recipe) or email me.

   Happy Monday!








   Posted at 06:00 AM in Eat & Drink, Holidays | Permalink | Comments (2)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1ythVlF&text=Christmas Baking&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

01 December 2014

A Giveaway from Smile Brilliant

   Smilebrilliant-teeth-whitening-kit

   It's December, my favorite holiday season of all!  And In this season
   of giving, I thought it only appropriate to start the month with a
   giveaway, made possible through the generosity of Smile Brilliant.

   When Smile Brilliant approached me and asked if I wanted to try out
   their custom-fitted teeth whitening trays and gels, it was a
   no-brainer.  I'd had great results with the single professional
   whitening I'd tried in the past, before my wedding, but it was pricey
   (to the tune of $600+)!  Since then I've relied on whitening
   toothpastes and the occasional whitening strips, but there's nothing
   better than having a tray that fits your teeth perfectly and allows the
   gel to penetrate fully and evenly.

   That's where Smile Brilliant comes in. They've taken the middleman out
   of the experience, an economical approach that allows you the
   convenience of customized service right from your own home, without the
   hefty price tag. It's easy - the Tray Creation Kit contains impression
   material for you to make your own dental impressions along with postage
   paid envelopes for you to mail your impressions back to the lab. In 2-5
   days, your custom trays are created and shipped back to you. Just like
   that.

   It might sound complicated to make dental impressions, but don't let
   your fears get the best of you. The company includes detailed
   directions and the process was really quite simple. Make a mistake?  No
   worries. You have an extra pack of impression material should you need
   it. Turnaround was really quick and the resulting trays fit like a
   glove. Then it was on to the fun part, the whitening!

   I've had problems with tooth sensitivity in the past, so I used the
   Desensitizing Gel before the Whitening Gel. I didn't have any issues
   with sensitivity and found it quite easy to keep the trays in for an
   hour at a time. You can keep them in for up to 3 hours, but I found an
   hour to be a more practical chunk of time (since it's nearly impossible
   for me to go more than an hour without talking). And after a week of
   use, I can definitely see the difference!

   But what I really love about this service is that it's not a one-time
   deal.  My trays can be stored in their case, ready for the next time I
   want to whiten.  I can also order refills of the whitening gel when I
   need it. It's a great deal, bringing professional whitening back into
   the realm of possibility for the average consumer. Because honestly,
   your smile is out there all the time (at least I hope it is). Why not
   give it a little TLC?


   GIVEAWAY DETAILS:

   So here's where you come in - Smile Brilliant will send a Tray Creation
   Kit (complete with Desensitizing and Whitening Gel) to one lucky
   reader.

   Click through the Rafflecopter link below to enter.  The giveaway is
   open for 2 weeks, after which the winner will be posted here and
   notified by email. Good luck!

   A Rafflecopter Giveaway from Smile Brilliant

    Don't forget to check out Smile Brilliant on their website for
   detailed information on their products.

    -------------------------------

   I received a complimentary Tray Creation Kit from Smile Brilliant. All
   thoughts and opinions are my own.


   Posted at 07:47 PM in Freebies, Great Finds | Permalink | Comments (0)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1w07S7A&text=A Giveaway from Smile Brilliant&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

28 November 2014

Satsuma Meyer Lemon Icebox Pie

   IMG_0461

   Most Thanksgivings you'll find me in the kitchen making the traditional
   array of pies. But on Wednesday, when my cousin left a bag of beautiful
   satsumas and Meyer Lemons on my porch, I did a spontaneous turnabout
   and concocted a creamy icebox pie. Sweet with just enough acid to cut
   through the heaviness of endless Thanksgiving sides.

   Satsumas are plentiful in Louisiana at this time of year, but you can
   substitute tangerines or clementines if they're not readily available
   to you. Just be sure to make this pie the day before you need it, as it
   requires chilling time before serving.

   And now, let the Christmas festivities begin!

   SATSUMA & MEYER LEMON ICEBOX PIE

   2 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs
   1/2 + 1/8 cup sugar
   10 Tbsp. unsalted butter, melted

   1 1/2 cups freshly squeezed satsuma juice (tangerine, clementine or
   mandarin orange juice may be substituted)
   1/2 cup freshly squeezed Meyer lemon juice
   Zest of 1 orange
   Zest of 1/2 lemon
   Two 14-oz. cans sweetened condensed milk
   2 large egg yolks

   Heat oven to 400 degrees F.  Combine graham cracker crumbs and sugar in
   a bowl and stir in melted butter with a fork until evenly combined.
   Transfer to a 9-inch Springform pan and press into the bottom and
   halfway up the sides; set aside.

   Combine juice, orange and lemon zest, condensed milk, and yolks in a
   bowl; beat on medium-high speed of a hand mixer for 5 minutes.

   Pour into prepared crust and place Springform pan on a baking sheet.
   Bake until crust is browned and filling is only slightly set, about
   20-25 minutes.

   Let pie cool, then freeze until set, at least 2 hours or overnight.
   Transfer to the refrigerator - remove 15 minutes before serving.  Serve
   with whipped cream on the side.


   Posted at 06:07 PM in Eat & Drink, Holidays, New Orleans | Permalink |
   Comments (2)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1FDSSvd&text=Satsuma Meyer Lemon Icebox Pie&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

12 November 2014

What's your personality type?

   IMG_8315

   My childhood best friend's father died recently, unexpectedly.  I was
   caught off guard when I heard, the way you are when someone seems too
   young to have died or you're suddenly aware of the passage of time. It
   had been many years since I'd last seen him, at the funeral of his
   daughter, where I was rendered mute with grief. It had been a number of
   years since I'd seen him before that as well.

   But I should have told him what a simple and profound gift he'd given
   me back when I was just a teenager, fighting to figure out who I was
   and what place I held in the world. It was the time of giant, boxy
   computers, when technology wasn't yet part of the consumer's world. I
   couldn't Google questions and get a plethora of answers, those I had to
   muddle through on my own.

   I suspect when he offered to administer the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator
   test to my friend and I, that he was trying to make sense of us, what
   was intrinsic to us and what was sheerly teenage madness. It was one of
   the tools he used to place candidates in the right positions at Exxon.
    Surely he'd had success with seeing how personality typing fit into
   the workplace, why not use that magic power to understand two
   impetuous, semi-hostile, risk-taking teenagers.  Why not?

   We each plowed through the computerized test. There were no obviously
   right or wrong answers, just preferences. If you took it instinctively,
   going with your gut instead of pondering the answers, supposedly you
   would gain insight into how you viewed the world, which generally
   informed how you behaved in the world - the people, the experiences,
   the careers you'd be drawn to, the risks you were or weren't likely to
   take.

   My friend was an ENFP.  Straight up, no ambiguity, and heavy on the
   feeling side. Sounded right.  Then it was my turn, and my friend's
   father looked excited as he headed toward me, a sheaf of papers in
   hand.  I was an ENXP - a rarity, he said. I'd scored almost exactly the
   same in the Feeling and Thinking categories (with an extra point, I
   think, in the direction of feeling). It was a bridge, a natural checks
   and balances that would allow me to see both sides of an issue, to
   empathize with two different viewpoints, and more importantly, to find
   balance within myself.

   It may sound a bit simplistic, but knowing my personality type gave me
   the confidence I needed to trust myself, to know that I wouldn't veer
   too far off in the wrong direction. But it also gave me the insight to
   understand how those around me view the world, how to bridge the gap
   between our perspectives instead of stubbornly insisting on my own
   viewpoint. Magic, hoodoo, who cares? It's worked for me, and I'll take
   all the tools I can get in this life.

   I use it to relate to my husband, who is almost exactly the opposite of
   me. I use it when considering how to raise my son, integrating his view
   of the world and how he relates to it, trying to offer him the
   perspective that will seem most natural to him. And I've used it in my
   career, knowing that certain opportunities wouldn't be good choices for
   my long term, despite the pretty packaging (also known as simply
   trusting your gut).

   At any rate, I share this personal story because I think that
   personality typing is a great tool, at any age. I Googled Myers-Briggs
   a few days ago and it's much easier to take now than it used to be
   (yay, technology). It's about $50 to take the original test, though you
   will get detailed analysis when you go that route. I did find a couple
   of other sites that offer similar versions of personality tests.  I
   took both and actually got just about the same score, with a very
   slight preference for Feeling over Thinking, which almost aligns with
   my original results (and underscores the fact that personalities don't
   change much). I've linked to those sites below, along with a few other
   resources.

   I hope you'll see for yourself, because honestly, a little insight can
   go a really long way.  Thank you, Larry, even though I never told you.


   Click through links:

   Background on Myers-Briggs Type Indicator from Wikipedia

   The Myers & Briggs Foundation

   Take the Myers-Briggs test

   Take a free, mini test at 16 Personalities (offers a sliding scale for
   answers, which may be preferable for many people).

   Take a free Jung Typology Test at Human Metrics

   25 Struggles Only ENFPs will Understand from Thought
   Catalog  (Additional lists for other types are available here as well)

   Nurture by Nature: Understand Your Child's Personality Type - And
   Become a Better Parent  by Paul D. Tieger and Barbara Barron-Tieger


   It's been a great tool in my life and subsequent testing has been
   consistent, but not everyone agrees --

   A contrary viewpoint, to round things out, from Vox

   Does It Pay to Know Your Type? from The Washington Post




   Posted at 08:31 AM in Freebies, Great Finds | Permalink | Comments (3)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1u1VAaH&text=What's your personality type?&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

03 November 2014

Before the Harvest

   Aftermath | Suzonne Stirling

   A freelancer's life is often feast or famine and these last couple of
   months have been a blur of overlapping deadlines and assignments,
   leaving me on the unbalanced side of life. Still, I am grateful, a
   squirrel gathering the bounty before the bleakness of winter sets in.

   I ended the week with a Halloween photo shoot for next year, and as I
   packed up the last of our set on location, I rushed out the door to go
   trick or treating only to return home and pack up for yet another photo
   shoot, one of a personal nature that I'd waited a year to bring to
   fruition, relying on the cycle of nature, its maturation, then
   harvest.

   Sunday morning I awoke to a brilliant sunrise in sugarcane country, the
   smoke from the raw sugar mill billowing out over the horizon. The air
   smelled of fire and cane syrup, the road humming and electric as the
   big trucks moved back and forth, carrying loads of cut sugarcane. It
   was exhilarating, a new experience for me, but somehow deeply embedded
   in my DNA.

   My family tree and relationships are complicated and I grew up knowing
   very little of my father's history until later in life. But when an
   elderly gentleman in a small cafe in Cajun country asked me if I was a
   Louisiana Stirling, one of the sugar people, I had a shock of
   recognition. I may not have known the details, but I have been
   fascinated with sugar and cane since I was a child.

   Looking back through photos of road trips, there are recurring themes
   of cane fields, the tall stalks blowing in the wind beneath hovering
   storm clouds, an endless sea of green. I can see the color, even when I
   photographed them in black and white. I remember, too, as a child
   begging my stepfather to stop by the side of the road to cut the cane
   for me. I loved to chew on the thick stalks, extracting the juice.
   Later, I moved on to a love of rum. I enjoy the taste, but more than
   that, I love the smell.

   There is nothing romantic about the growing and harvesting of cane. It
   is difficult, back-breaking work that I know nothing of, other than
   what I've read about.  But standing on the edge of a cane field,
   peering into that sea of green, the air swelling with humidity, it's
   one of the most peaceful things I know. It's the other side of my
   conflict between city and country, the New Orleans that was my mother's
   family, the country that was my father's. It exists in me, that
   blurring, that longing for the other, the strands of DNA running in
   opposite directions. I will never fully satisfy that itch, but I've
   come to love the ache of the unresolved.


   Posted at 06:11 AM in Personal Musings | Permalink | Comments (3)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1uitgmV&text=Before the Harvest&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

18 September 2014

Spiderweb Lace Printing

   Spiderweb Lace Prints | Urban Comfort copy
   How is it possible that it's Thursday already?! It's been a sprint this
   week, juggling multiple editors, magazines, and holidays. But it's been
   one of those awesome weeks, with all synapses firing and feeling like
   I'm in the zone. Getting in the zone, sometimes that's more than half
   the battle.

   But I thought I'd drop in here and share a quick tutorial from one of
   the features I mentioned in my last post. This is such a simple craft
   and it's no different than spray painting through regular lace. But
   rather than a tidy, ladylike effect, I went for a more organic, spooky
   feel that's better suited to Halloween.

   Although I'm showing this on dinnerware (not food safe!), you can use
   this process for just about anything you can spray paint.  Try it on
   paper, bags, boxes, fabric or canvas, bottoms of serving trays (think
   cocktails), mirrors, even your pumpkin. No special skills required!

   Materials:

   Novelty spiderweb lace (See Resources below)
   Fabric scissors
   Repositionable adhesive
   Flat, black spray paint or black spray primer
   Scrap paper

   Spiderweb Lace Printing| Urban Comfort

   My lace looked like the lace at the top left of the photo. I liked the
   web design, but I wasn't so fond of the spiders. So the first thing I
   did was cut out all of the spiders, leaving me with the bits of cobweb
   lace shown at the top right.

   Once I had a pile of lace pieces, I sprayed them all with
   repositionable adhesive (I prefer Elmer's brand) and let them dry for a
   few minutes. After that, I arranged them on my surface, pressing them
   into place.  In my design, I left some spaces open, overlapped other
   pieces elsewhere.  The point here is to get an organic arrangement, so
   don't overthink it.

   After the arrangement is in place, it's time to spray paint. I actually
   don't use spray paint at all for this - I prefer to use black spray
   primer.  It's very flat, dries super fast, and since it's a primer, I
   know it's meant to stick. But if you can't find black primer, use a
   regular matte finish paint or black floral spray.

   I like to hold my paint can a couple of feet above my design and spray
   in short bursts, so I get more of a misting effect.  That way, I can
   add more paint if needed.  I also keep my arm fairly stationary,
   instead of spraying back and forth. What I'm looking for are some
   concentrated areas of color and some that fade off a bit.

   Once I'm finished painting, I let it dry for about 5 minutes, then
   remove the lace.  (I can usually reuse the lace 2-3 more times,
   depending on how heavy the paint buildup is.)  And that's it. I haven't
   sealed mine or taken any extra measures and none of the primer has
   flaked off, even after being stacked.


   Spiderweb Lace Printed Plate | Urban Comfort
   Resources:
   Novelty Spiderweb Lace - I usually find this by yard at Jo-Ann, but you
   can find other lace versions at places like Party City, usually sold as
   tablecloths or runners
   Repositionable Adhesive - I find Elmer's brand to be the easiest and
   most reliable to work with. It's often a little less expensive as well.
   It can be found at most craft stores.

   Title image by Brie Williams





   Posted at 09:26 AM in Handmade, Holidays | Permalink | Comments (0)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1wInz2n&text=Spiderweb Lace Printing&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

12 September 2014

Doom & Gloom for Halloween

   Rub-on Designs for Halloween | Doom & Gloom for BHG Tricks and Treats
   2014 | Urban Comfort

   I know, it seems a little early to be posting Halloween stuff. (But
   honestly, who can tell anymore? If you go to craft stores, the
   Christmas merchandise is already out.) So we'll ease into it. I thought
   I'd start with Halloween lite, projects that aren't blatantly Halloween
   in feel - though guests may ask if you're struggling with depression if
   you display them at other times of the year.

   These are a few of the projects in this year's edition of Halloween
   Tricks & Treats by Better Homes and Gardens. It's on newsstands now, of
   course, and also available online at Zinio.


   Bug Plates |Doom & Gloom for BHG Tricks and Treats 2014 | Urban Comfort

   Temporary Halloween Upholstery | Doom and Gloom for BHG Halloween
   Tricks and Treats | Urban Comfort


   Spooky Botanicals | Doom and Gloom for BHG Tricks and Treats 2014 |
   Urban Comfort


   All photos by Brie Williams | Graphics available at BHG

   Posted at 07:41 AM in Handmade, Holidays | Permalink | Comments (5)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1tHokUa&text=Doom & Gloom for Halloween&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

11 September 2014

Remembering

   Gingko in Brooklyn | Urban Comfort
   Time is a funny thing, it plays tricks on your mind sometimes. Thirteen
   years ago I was waking up on this morning, having just moved to New
   York a week before, a mixture of hope and nervous excitement that
   quickly merged into horror and helplessness, watching the world
   collapse from afar. And yet, it seems like such a very short time ago,
   certainly not the thirteen years that my calendar tells me has passed.

   There's very little that I want to say about that day publicly, but in
   remembering my heart catches in my throat even now. It's a day that
   belongs to all of us, not just New Yorkers, because it was a day that
   changed a world, not just a city.

   Remembering.

   Posted at 07:49 AM in Personal Musings | Permalink | Comments (0)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1BuKk9V&text=Remembering&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

09 September 2014

Vietnamese Iced Coffee

   Iced Vietnamese Coffee | Urban Comfort
   Okay, who am I kidding with all of this fall talk? It's
   still hot outside. ( I tried to fool myself the other day with a long
   sleeved T-shirt and nearly passed out from heat exhaustion.) So I'll
   have to satisfy myself psychologically with seasonal projects while
   accepting reality, namely, the need for iced coffee.

   I'm addicted to caffeine. No sugarcoating it. But like most things that
   become a need rather than a pleasure, I found over time that it just
   wasn't as much fun as it used to be. I powered through cups of coffee
   every day in an effort to stay minimally awake. However, as my energy
   levels are becoming more balanced, I find that I don't need nearly as
   much coffee to get through my day. It's a relief, it's allowed me to
   experience the pleasure of ritual again.

   On a sweltering summer afternoon this year, I had the bliss of an
   afternoon with my friend Natalie and my first experience with iced
   Vietnamese coffee at The Orange Couch. It was so luxurious, it was
   almost like having dessert. An occasion to indulge in pleasure rather
   than simple, greedy refueling.

   It's a DIY affair at The Orange Couch, so I experienced the slow
   dripping of chicory coffee into a mug already containing condensed
   milk. Afterwards, a stir to bring it all together, and a pour over ice.
   No need for additional sweeteners or dairy. It's thick and rich, not
   the watered down mixture that often passes for iced coffee. I was
   instantly hooked.

   It's easy to make Vietnamese coffee at home. You can order an
   inexpensive phin and coffee online, even the sweetened condensed milk,
   if you desire. Of course, convenience has its place, too, and I'm
   elated by the bottled version I can buy from Magasin, one of my
   favorite local Vietnamese restaurants.  Their bottled coffee isn't
   available for mail order yet, but Caphin out of Houston, TX is now
   selling their bottled brew online. Buy a case and stash it away for
   those occasions when the usual cup of joe just won't do.


   Here's how to make it at home --

   Iced Vietnamese Coffee

   2 Tablespoons dark roast ground coffee (see Resources)
   2 Tablespoons sweetened condensed milk

   Bring 1 cup of water to a boil. Remove the top screen from the filter,
   add coffee, then screw the top screen on. Place the filter over a
   12-oz. heatproof container or glass that contains the condensed milk.

   Pour a splash of hot water into the filter, to allow the coffee grounds
   to bloom. As the coffee begins to drip through, add enough water to
   reach the top of the filter. Place the lid back on the filter and let
   the coffee drip through, about 4 minutes.  (If the coffee stops
   dripping before 4 minutes has passed, you may need to gently loosen the
   screw to relieve the pressure.)

   Stir to combine, then pour over ice.

   Resources:

   Something you may not know about New Orleans - We have a large,
   vibrant Vietnamese population, so Vietnamese food is as much a part of
   our current cuisine as the usual fare that's synonymous with New
   Orleans culture.

   Want to get into details? Coffee Geek has a detailed analysis (and
   tutorial) for making the best Vietnamese coffee possible.

   Coffee:  Our own Cafe du Monde coffee and chicory is often used, but
   you can purchase the tradtional Trung Nguyen Gourmet Blend  online.

   Phins (coffee filter sets) are available at many Asian stores, also
   through Amazon.  I've linked to the single serving size here, but they
   do come in different sizes.

   I use Eagle Brand condensed milk since it's the most readily available,
   but you can buy Longevity brand online.


   Posted at 10:08 AM in Eat & Drink | Permalink | Comments (0)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1BpSr7m&text=Vietnamese Iced Coffee&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

04 September 2014

Hanx Writer App

   Hanx Writer App
   I learned to type at the age of 14, and yes, I learned to type on an
   actual typewriter, the IBM Selectric. I kind of loved it, the clicking
   and carriage return. There was something soothing about it and
   electrifying at the same time.  Just how fast could I go?

   I had no problem switching over to a computer keyboard. Let's face it,
   that was magic of a different sort. But the typewriter still lingers as
   a form of romance. The clicking of a computer keyboard will never match
   the satisfying sound of typewriter keys striking an impression into
   paper. Until now, anyway.

   Enter Tom Hanks (the actor), who's been collecting typewriters over the
   last thirty years. Working with a developer, he's created an app for
   the iPad that combines the ease and speed of your tablet with the sound
   and pacing of a manual typewriter. You can retain that original
   typewriter speed for deleting, by using the DELETE key for erasing, one
   character at a time. Or you can turn it off and use a modern delete
   speed.

   I have to say, it's really fun!  It's also free, with additional
   purchase options through the app. Even better, you can save your typed
   documents as they appear on your screen, print them out, and email
   them. I'm in love! Now, off to write the great American novel...


   Posted at 07:05 AM in Great Finds | Permalink | Comments (0)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1CtQ05r&text=Hanx Writer App&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

03 September 2014

Off the Boards: Grapefruit Bars

   Grapefruit Bars | Urban Comfort

   My oven sat idle for far too long this summer and I suddenly felt the
   urge to bake something yesterday, but it had to be quick and simple.
   This recipe is both of those, born out of a Pinterest pin from Jennifer
   at Savory Simple. I wish I could take credit for this idea, but I
   cannot (though I have to wonder why I never thought of it, as much as I
   love grapefruit and as long as I've made lemon bars). However, the
   original pin went back and forth between recipes and I was a little
   lazy, so I just made adjustments to my standard lemon bar recipe.

   I like the grapefruit! It's completely different than a lemon bar, not
   a wishy washy, could be any kind of citrus bar. Distinctively
   grapefruit. It's a little tart, not achingly sweet, a good variation of
   a classic to take you into the fall and winter months.


   Grapefruit Bars

   Crust:

   1 cup all-purpose flour
   1/4 cup confectioners sugar
   pinch salt
   1/2 cup unsalted butter, cold, cut into cubes

   Filling:

   2 large eggs
   3/4 cup granulated sugar
   3 tablespoons freshly squeezed pink grapefruit juice
   1/4 teaspoon baking powder
   2 tablespoons flour
   2 teaspoons finely shredded grapefruit zest

   Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a medium bowl, stir together flour,
   powdered sugar, and salt. Using a pastry blender, cut in butter until
   the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press mixture into the bottom of
   an ungreased 8-inch square baking pan. Bake 15-20 minutes or until the
   top is just golden.

   While the crust is baking, prepare the filling:

   Combine all filling ingredients (except the zest) in a bowl. Beat at
   low speed, scraping bowl when needed, until well mixed.  Stir in
   grapefruit zest.  Pour filling over hot, partially baked crust.
   Continue baking for 18-20 minutes, or until the edges turn golden and
   the center is set. Cool completely on a wire rack.  Dust with powdered
   sugar and cut into bars.

   Tip: Before making the crust, I line my baking pan with aluminum foil
   (the ends forming an overhang over the edges of the pan), then just
   lift the whole thing out of the pan after it's baked. I find it easier
   to cut into bars that way.


   Posted at 07:15 AM in Eat & Drink | Permalink | Comments (4)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1lHNOlN&text=Off the Boards: Grapefruit Bars&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

01 September 2014

Stepping into Fall

   Fall Butterflies | Urban Comfort

   I am done with summer. It's not the heat or humidity, it's
   psychological. I'm ready to turn the page, step into a new season.
   Professionally, it's been fall and winter for the last couple of months
   already. I've worked on Thanksgiving, thought of 30 different ways to
   wrap Christmas gifts, and crafted my share of holiday projects. I've
   just been waiting for everyone else to catch up.

   Personally, I'm feeling better and better.  It's a slow process, with
   ongoing adjustments, but I'm getting somewhere nonetheless. I'm
   grateful, careful of not squandering what I have, suddenly aware of how
   little I was working with. I'm also thankful for finding a doctor who
   listens to me rather than just looking at lab numbers. I wouldn't be in
   this space without him (and to the many women who wrote to me
   privately, filling me in on their own medical dilemmas, I would
   encourage you to advocate for yourselves and keep looking until you
   find a doctor who hears you and isn't afraid to think outside the box.
   Don't give up - it's important!).

   Creatively, I'm still in a bit of a mishmash. It's such a busy season
   for me professionally that I find I'd rather clean my house or move my
   furniture around in my downtime than pick up another creative project.
   But soon I'll start sharing some seasonal ideas. My brain is already in
   overdrive, thinking of things I want to create.

   Happy (almost) fall!

   P.S. The butterflies pictured above are an easy DIY. I used store
   bought Monarch butterflies (found at Michaels) and sprayed them with a
   misting of metallic spray paint.  If you hold your paint can at least a
   foot above the butterflies, you can give them a fine coating that
   doesn't obscure the pattern underneath. Copper, bronze, and gold are
   all a natural fit for the season. You can also mix the metallics,
   spraying one color on the body of the wings, then misting the tips with
   a different color. They're pretty and catch the light nicely.


   Posted at 07:20 PM in Handmade | Permalink | Comments (0)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/W4O0Po&text=Stepping into Fall&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

06 August 2014

Back to Reading

   OliveKitteridge_TP_flat_1500H
   As a child, much of my world revolved around reading. I moved through
   books at a clip, never enough hours in the day. But over the last few
   years there's been very little reading. In my undiagnosed state, I
   attributed my sieve like brain and inability to concentrate to an
   overbooked life, not a thyroid condition. I traded reading for
   television, entertaining, but not always the most satisfying.

   At any rate, as I'm getting back on track and find that my brain is
   working again, I've managed to read a book in 3 days, rediscovering how
   much I love to read. I picked an especially good book to start with,
   Elizabeth Strout's Olive Kitteridge, which has been on my nightstand
   forever.

   I knew just a few pages in that I was on to something good. There are
   just stories and styles of writing that fill me with a little ache
   while I'm reading, a sense of longing that I can't quite articulate.
   That feeling almost gives me goose bumps, an awareness of being in the
   presence of quiet greatness. That's what I felt during the entire
   length of this book.

   Unlike a typical novel, Olive Kitteridge is a collection of 13
   interconnected stories that shed light on small town life and its
   inhabitants, their tragedies, disappointments and failures, their
   expectations and quiet joys. I've read reviews that declared it
   "depressing," but I am of an age where I don't require the feel good
   endings. Yes, I appreciate happiness, but I also appreciate the
   complexities, the hard fought, honest and mature perspective of human
   beings who've fully engaged in life. It's a wonderful, thoughtful read.
   I highly recommend it.

   As for myself, it's great to be back in action! I'm so excited I can't
   even decide what to read next.  Too many books, never enough time.
   There are worse dilemmas to have.


   P.S. HBO has turned this book into a four-part miniseries starring
   Frances McDormand as Olive Kitteridge. It's set to air in November.

   Posted at 07:00 AM in Great Finds | Permalink | Comments (6)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1nsb696&text=Back to Reading&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

29 July 2014

See How My Garden Grows

   See How My Garden Grows||Urban Comfort

   We're in the height of summer now. I can tell because it gets more and
   more difficult to fully close doors, our home swelling with the
   humidity as I imagine it has done for the last 150 years. I saw the
   sunrise this morning, in my quest to restore my body and mind to some
   semblance of its better, prior state. The idea that I would see the
   sunrise for such a purpose seems laughable, belonging to an entirely
   more responsible individual. In my heart, I am a night owl and I
   struggle daily to fight against my primal nature. Generally, I succeed
   and I return to the start of my day, sweaty and flushed with victory,
   even if it means I will be a bit weary later on.

   There's both movement and stillness to my summer, but not as much fun
   as I had planned. This focus on health feels so boring and yet, I know
   I will reap the benefits later on. It seems so simple in the beginning,
   pop a pill, move on with your life. But then it's weeks of getting the
   right dosage, teasing apart the symptoms that belong to something else.
   Then I'm waiting for test results, waiting to find out if I have
   thyroid cancer. I don't, but it's a strange, suspended state, that
   waiting. I've been here before. I'm always lucky. I feel relieved, then
   immediately guilty for all those who aren't, who weren't. I move on,
   one foot in front of the other.

   I don't cook much at the moment. I keep it simple. I've even learned to
   skim the most pleasurable of experiences, dipping just a toe into that
   pleasure instead of diving in. That part is not as hard as I'd thought.
   But I've had to shut off that creative part of my brain, the part that
   thinks about pairings of flavors and trying something new.  I will be
   able to return to that one day. But for now, I let it recede.

   I continue to make paper flowers. It is the most soothing thing I do.
   When it's been a few days without a new creation, I begin to feel a
   little anxious, wound up. I sit in quiet, I make, and balance is
   restored. My garden is growing. One day I will train it, allow the
   creations to take forms, but I don't need it yet. The tangled growth is
   fine. Let it be.

   On occasion I wander at night, my camera in hand. I am a voyeur, always
   after that glimpse of life through windows and in doorways. I love the
   shadows, the unexpected hits of light, the empty places after the fun
   dies down. Those moments, they are a gift to my primal nature. Then I
   go home, wake with the sun, and move on, one foot in front of the
   other.  Soon, it will be fall.


   Posted at 11:00 AM in Personal Musings | Permalink | Comments (4)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1xve7v4&text=See How My Garden Grows&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us

10 June 2014

In Pursuit of Beauty (Part IV)

   Pursuit of Beauty

   It's my birthday today, which is pretty much the only day I address
   beauty issues here (you can see previous years here, here, and here),
   but this year is a bit different for me -

   Last month I took my son out to dinner. As the waitress brought our
   check, she said that my skin looked amazing and asked what I used. I
   gave her a brief rundown (Retin-A and a new CC cream) and encouraged
   her to try it out for herself. As she left, my son looked at me from
   across the table and said, "Your skin may look amazing because of that
   stuff you're putting on it, but you're still going to die one day."
   (He can't help himself - He lives in New Orleans, surrounded by
   cemeteries.) After making a mental note to work on his conversational
   skills before he's old enough to date, I made a decision to finally see
   my doctor for a much overdue checkup.

   I hate going to the doctor. I don't know why I hate it so much, but I
   do. Because I don't get sick that often, I find it's easy to let
   checkups slip by. But I knew that I needed help, had known it for at
   least a year. There was the sudden onset of anxiety, the lack of mental
   acuity and the inability to focus, the general exhaustion and fatigue,
   the irritability, the constant feeling of being overwhelmed, a creeping
   sense of depression, the needle on the scale that didn't move backwards
   no matter how little I ate, the pain I was starting to feel in my bones
   and joints...I thought that I was experiencing perimenopausal symptoms,
   something a girlfriend's doctor had said could start as early as your
   mid-thirties. That thought was depressing, too. My skin might be in
   good shape, but it didn't feel like anything else was.

   I finally went, and after a battery of tests I got an early birthday
   present - a prescription of Synthroid and Vitamin D. A low thyroid and
   a Vitamin D deficiency (clearly I've been too good about using
   sunscreen) could be responsible for my entire litany of complaints. The
   rest of me was just fine, with menopause out in the distant future.

   It will take a little while for me to start feeling better, but I feel
   hopeful, something I haven't felt in awhile. I've also started taking
   my health more seriously, partnering with a friend for regular exercise
   and taking advantage of the umpteen green smoothie recipes on the web
   to get more fruits and vegetables into my diet. Because really, what
   good is younger looking skin if you feel like crap?


   PRODUCT NOTES FOR THE YEAR:

   SKIN:  Overall, I find I'm using less makeup than ever before and I've
   stopped using foundation altogether, a big money saver.

   I've been an ardent fan of Smashbox BB Cream (in the new shade,
   Light/Neutral, which is perfect for me).  But it was sold out when I
   needed it and the saleswoman suggested It Cosmetics' CC+ Cream, a full
   coverage CC Cream that I can wear without moisturizer underneath
   (impossible for me with the BB Cream). I apply it with a damp
   BeautyBlender sponge for sheer coverage, but it's buildable to almost a
   full coverage foundation. With a light hand, I think it's absolutely
   gorgeous on skin.  To set it, I use a dusting of Smashbox Halo Powder.

   BROWS:  Thinning brows are definitely an issue, but I'd rather have
   thinning brows than see any sort of pencil line. I think the Smartbrow
   set is absolutely worth the money if the color match is good. I found
   the Brunette to be slightly too light for my natural brow color and
   Brown/Black to be slightly too dark. But the effect of it is really
   nice and natural looking. A better color fit for me (and less
   expensive) is Gimme Brow from Benefit Cosmetics.



   Posted at 02:47 PM in Great Finds, Personal Musings | Permalink |
   Comments (8)

   IFRAME:
   https://platform.twitter.com/widgets/tweet_button.html?url=http://bit.l
   y/1llxGmV&text=In Pursuit of Beauty (Part IV)&count=horizontal

   | | Pin It! | | Save to del.icio.us
   Previous »

About

   I'm a professional magazine stylist and crafter, wife and mother and I
   live and create in New Orleans. I write about all the facets of my
   creative life here, both personal and professional, though like most
   Southerners, I reserve the right to digress.
   Visit Suzonne's profile on Pinterest.

My Other Accounts

   Instagram Other... Pinterest

Search

   ____________________ Search

Categories

     * Eat & Drink
     * For the Home
     * Freebies
     * Great Finds
     * Handmade
     * Holidays
     * Kids
     * Makeover
     * New Orleans
     * Parties
     * Personal Musings
     * Photography

   See More
   Subscribe in a reader
   Subscribe to Urban Comfort by Email
   Bookmark and Share

Copyright

     * You are free to use brief excerpts and photographs from this site,
       but I ask that you link back to this blog. Please do not reprint
       posts in their entirety without my permission. Thanks.

   Related Posts with Thumbnails
   Blog powered by Typepad
