    #RSS-Feed

     * Jump directly to main navigation (Enter key)
     * Jump directly to main content (Enter key)

     * tekom.eu
     * Conferences
     * Training
     * Publications

   Logo Information Energy
   (BUTTON) Mobile Navigation

     * The event
          + About Information Energy
          + Highlights
          + Program Committee
          + The venue
     * Program
          + Program 2019
          + Program 2018
     * Speakers
          + Current speakers
          + All speakers
     * Contact
     *  +49711657040
     *  info@tekom.de

   In association with

   Check out the Program

Empowering intelligent technologies

Looking at things that work

   Information Energy 2019 focuses on how we empower emerging technologies
   with information. In 2018, we were centred around natural conversation,
   machines and humans working together, and trying to understand the
   roadmap to AI. In the last year, we can observe new initiatives in
   research and implementation to find practical industrial applications.

   In Deep Learning, progress is being made in linguistics, and real
   applications are developing in areas such as medical diagnostics and,
   with somewhat less success, human resources. Information Energy 2019
   continues our exploration of the relationship between information and
   technology, focussing on examples that work now or will in the near
   future.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/5v5ejkeIYk0

We will highlight these main themes:

     * Predictive maintenance
     * Information and the Industrial Internet of Things (IIOT)
     * The changing structure of learning under the influence of
       Information 4.0.
     * Semantic AI - where are these technologies going and how can they
       help us?

Why attend

   Information Energy is a unique two-day conference where information
   specialists can engage with designers of technology to promote mutual
   understanding. Learn about emerging solutions, give your feedback, and
   influence where Information 4.0 is going - join us in Amsterdam. More…

Highlights of last year's event

   Would you like to gain insights into Information Energy 2018 in
   Amsterdam? Get an impression of the event with some photos and a report
   by Toni Ressaire with the title "Unravelling the AI Puzzle: What’s the
   X Factor in Machine Intelligence?" here.

How to become a partner

   Would you like to increase your visibility? Become a partner of
   Information Energy. We offer you a variety of sponsorship packages to
   fit a variety of budgets. Be quick and reserve your sponsorship. You
   can get an overview of the different packages here.
   Presentation
   Coffee Break
   Discussion

Newsletter

   Sign up for the Information Energy Newsletter and receive the latest
   news.

Organized by

   tcworld logo

In Partnership with

   logo consortium

   Foto Casa Hotel

   ©2017 Casa

Discover the venue

   The conference venue is Hotel Casa in Amsterdam. Situated only a stone
   throw away from the Amsterdam Amstel Station and Amsterdam’s ring road
   A10 makes Casa easily accessible both by car and public transport.

   Get more information about the venue here.

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About us
     * Contact

     * Privacy Policy
     * Imprint

     * Sitemap
     * Newsletter

   © 2019 tcworld GmbH
    #RSS-Feed

     * Jump directly to main navigation (Enter key)
     * Jump directly to main content (Enter key)

     * tekom.eu
     * Conferences
     * Training
     * Publications

   Logo Information Energy
   (BUTTON) Mobile Navigation

     * The event
          + About Information Energy
          + Highlights
          + Program Committee
          + The venue
     * Program
          + Program 2019
          + Program 2018
     * Speakers
          + Current speakers
          + All speakers
     * Contact
     *  +49711657040
     *  info@tekom.de

   In association with

   Check out the Program

Privacy Policy

   Our website is operated by tcworld GmbH, the service provider of tekom
   Deutschland and tekom Europe (hereinafter: tekom).

§1 Information on the Collection of Personal Data

   (1) In the following passages, we have provided information on the
   collection of personal data when you use our website. Personal data is
   all data that can be related to you personally, for example your name,
   address, email addresses, and behavior as a user.
   (2) Both associations
     * Gesellschaft für Technische Kommunikation – tekom Deutschland e.V.
       and
     * European Association for Technical Communication – tekom Europe
       e.V.

   (hereinafter “tekom”)
   work together with tcworld GmbH as service provider. tcworld GmbH
   renders services for members, is an event organizer and publishing
   house for tekom publications, and a provider of training in the field
   of technical communication.

   The controller, as defined by Article 4 (7) of the General Data
   Protection Regulation (GDPR) is tcworld GmbH together with the
   above-mentioned associations.

   The address of their joint office is:
   Rotebühlstrasse 64
   70178 Stuttgart, Germany
   info(at)tekom.de
   +49 (0)711 65704-0
   Fax +49 (0)711 65704-99

   Our data protection officer can be contacted at datenschutz(at)tekom.de
   or at our postal address (for the attention of the Data Protection
   Officer).
   (3) If you contact us by email or via a contact form, the data that you
   have disclosed (your email address and possibly your name and telephone
   number) will be stored by us so that we can respond to your queries. We
   will delete the data generated in this connection once its storage is
   no longer necessary, or will limit its processing if it is subject to
   statutory retention requirements.
   (4) If we use contracted service providers for individual functions of
   our site or would like to use your data for promotional purposes, we
   will inform you in detail below of the relevant processes. We will also
   inform you of the defined criteria for the storage period.


§2 Your Rights

   (1) You have the following rights in respect to us regarding the
   personal data concerning you:
     * Right to information,
     * Right to have data corrected or deleted,
     * Right to have processing restricted,
     * Right to object to processing,
     * Right to data portability.

   (2) You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection
   supervisory authority regarding our processing of your personal data.


§3 Collection of Personal Data When You Visit Our Website

   (1) If you use the website for purely informational reasons, that is,
   if you do not log in, register or otherwise transmit information to us,
   we do not gather any personal data, with the exception of data that
   your browser transmits to enable you to visit the website.
   These data consist of:
   If you would like to look at our website, we will collect the following
   data, which is necessary for us in order to display our website to you
   and to ensure its stability and security (legal basis is Article 6 (1)
   f) GDPR)
     * IP address
     * Date and time of the request
     * Time zone difference from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
     * Content of the request (specific page)
     * Access status / HTTP status code
     * Amount of data transmitted each time
     * Website from which the request originates
     * Referrer URL (the site previously visited)
     * Browser
     * Operating system and its interface
     * Language and browser software version
     * Provider

   (2) In addition to the above-mentioned data, cookies are stored on your
   computer when you use our website.
   Cookies are small text files stored in association with the browser you
   use on your hard disk, which cause certain information to flow to the
   location that sets the cookie (in this case, us). Cookies cannot run
   programs or deliver viruses to your computer. They are used to make
   internet service more user-friendly and effective on the whole.
   (3) This website uses the following types of cookies, whose scope and
   functionality are explained below:
     * Transient cookies (see b) below)
     * Persistent cookies (see c) below)

   b) Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the
   browser. Session cookies belong to this group in particular. These
   store what is known as a Session ID, using which various requests by
   your browser can be assigned to the shared session. This way, your
   computer can be recognized when you return to the website. Session
   cookies are deleted when you log out or close your browser.

   c) Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a predetermined
   duration, which can vary depending on the cookie. You can delete these
   cookies anytime in the security settings of your browser.

   d) You can configure your browser settings as you wish and, e.g.,
   refuse the acceptance of third-party or all cookies. Please note,
   however, that you then may not be able to use all the functions of this
   website.

   e) We use cookies so that we can identify you for subsequent visits in
   case you have an account with us. Otherwise, you would have to log in
   again each time you visit our site.

   f) Flash cookies used are not recorded by your browser, but by your
   Flash plug-in. If you do not wish Flash cookies to be processed, you
   must install an appropriate add-on, e.g. “Better Privacy” for Mozilla
   Firefox (https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/betterprivacy/),
   or the Adobe Flash cookie-killer for Google Chrome. We also recommend
   that you manually delete your cookies and browsing history on a regular
   basis.


§4 Use of Web Analysis Services

   (1) To optimize our website, we use the web analysis service Matomo,
   which analyzes what visitors access on our website.

   (2) We use Matomo in conformity with the GDPR:

   Analysis is done using by cookies (see §3, 2). Cookies collect
   information regarding your use of our website. This information is
   stored solely on our server in Germany. We use "AnonymizeIP". With
   this, IP addresses are then only used in a shortened form, which does
   not enable individual identification of users' personal data. The IP
   address transmitted from your browser by Matomo will not be associated
   with any other data collected by us.

   (3) The Matomo program is an open source project. Information from this
   third party concerning data protection can be found at
   www.matomo.org/privacy/policy .

   (4) You have the option of preventing Matomo cookies from being stored
   on your computer and your use of this website being tracked by Matomo.
   To do so, you must modify the settings on your internet browser
   accordingly. If you prevent the storage of cookies, please be advised
   that you then may not be able to use all the features of this website

   IFRAME:
   https://statistik.tekom.de/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut
   &language=en&idsite=2

§5 Newsletter

   (1) For registration for our newsletters, we use what is known as the
   double opt-in procedure. This means that, after you specify your email
   address, we send a confirmation email to the address you specified in
   which we ask you to confirm that you wish to be sent the newsletter. If
   you do not confirm within 24 hours, your registration will be
   automatically deleted. If you do confirm that you wish to receive the
   newsletter, we will store your email address until you unsubscribe from
   the newsletter. This storage is solely for the purpose of being able to
   send you the newsletter. Furthermore, both at the point of registration
   and confirmation, we store your IP address and the time, in order to
   prevent misuse of your personal data.

   (2) The disclosure of your email address is necessary so that we can
   send you the newsletter. The disclosure of your name is voluntary and
   allows us to address you personally in the newsletter.

   (3) You can decide for yourself which of our newsletter you want to
   receive via a subscription center.

   (4) Your consent to be sent the newsletter can be revoked at any time.
   To revoke it, you can click the link provided in every newsletter
   email, send an email to info(at)tekom.de, or declare your revocation in
   a message using the contact data specified in the imprint page of this
   website. The data you enter will not be forwarded to third parties.

   (5) The consent given by you is worded as follows:

   By requesting the newsletter, you consent to the data specified below
   being electronically collected, processed and used for this purpose by
   tekom Deutschland / tekom Europe / tcworld GmbH until such time as you
   revoke your consent, which you may do at any time.

   You may cancel (unsubscribe) at any time yourself using the unsubscribe
   link in the newsletter or by simply clicking “Unsubscribe” on this page
   instead of “Subscribe”. Your data will not be forwarded or sold to
   third parties for advertising purposes.


§6 Use of Marketo

   (1) We use the services of Marketo EMEA Limited to send out our
   newsletter and other mailshots (call for papers), to manage advertising
   permissions, and to collect statistical data on the use of our website
   and optimize the site accordingly.

   (2) If you purchase a product or service from us, your email address
   will be imported into Marketo’s systems so that we can send you
   information emails for similar goods or services in future. The legal
   basis for this is Article 6 (1) f) GDPR.

   (3) Marketo also uses cookies, which are text files that are stored on
   your computer and enable your use of the website to be analyzed. The
   information generated by the cookie on your use of this website is
   transmitted to one of Marketo’s servers (in an EU/EEA country) and
   stored there. Marketo uses this information on behalf of the operator
   of this website to analyze the use of the website by registered persons
   and to compile reports on the activities of the website. You can
   prevent cookies being stored by amending your browser settings
   accordingly. However, we would like to inform you that you may not be
   able to make full use of this website’s entire range of functions in
   this case.

   (4) Tracking pixel and how you can prevent this

   We should like to point out that when sending out the newsletter or
   other requested information on our behalf, Marketo analyzes your user
   behavior. To perform this analysis, the emails that are dispatched
   contain ‘web beacons’ (also known as ‘tracking pixels’). These are
   single-pixel image files that link to our website, thereby enabling us
   to perform a session-based analysis of your user behavior. We record
   when you read our newsletter, which links in the newsletter you click
   on, and conclude from this what your personal interests are. Marketo
   stores the information collected in this way on its server in the
   EU/EEA.

   Tracking is not possible if you have disabled the display of images by
   default in your email program. In this event however, the newsletter
   will not be displayed to you in full and you may not be able to use all
   of its functions. If you manually allow the images to be displayed, the
   above-mentioned tracking will take place.

   (5) Marketo’s address and URL with its Privacy Notice:
   Marketo EMEA Ltd.
   Cairn House
   South County Business Park
   Leopardstown Road
   Dublin 18
   IRELAND
   documents.marketo.com/legal/privacy/


§7 Integration of Third-Party Services

   1. Social Media Plug-ins

   (1) We currently use the following social media plug-ins: Facebook,
   Twitter, Xing, LinkedIn, Google +.

   (2) If you access a page containing this kind of plug-in, the browser
   establishes a connection with the servers of the social media provider
   and transmits the information that you accessed with the corresponding
   sub-page of our online service. In addition, the data specified under
   §3 of this declaration is transmitted, whereby, in the case of Facebook
   and XING, according to the respective provider in Germany, only an
   anonymized IP will be collected. This takes place regardless of whether
   you have an account with this plug-in provider or are logged in there.
   If you are logged in at the plug-in provider, these data are assigned
   directly to your account. If you click on the button, the plug-in
   provider will store this information as well in your user account and
   communicates this to your contacts. If you do not want this assignment
   to your profile at the plug-in provider, you must log out before
   activating the button.

   (3) The plug-in provider stores these data as a user profile and uses
   them for the purpose of advertising, market research and/or to design
   its website to meet the needs of users. Utilization of this sort takes
   place in particular (even for users who are not logged in) in order to
   display demand-oriented advertisement and to inform other users of the
   social network about your activities on our website. You have a right
   to object to the creation of these user profiles, although to exercise
   this right, you must contact the respective plug-in providers.

   (4) Further information about the meaning and scope of data collection
   and processing through plug-in providers can be found in the data
   protection declarations disclosed by these providers below. There, you
   can also find further information as to your rights in this respect as
   well as settings options to protect your privacy.

   (5) Addresses of the respective providers and URLs with their data
   protection notices:

   a) Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304,
   USA; further information on data collection:
   www.facebook.com/about/privacy
   , www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084. Facebook has submitted to the
   EU-US Privacy Shield: www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

   b) Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California
   94043, USA; www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
   . Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield:
   www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

   c) Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California
   94103, USA; twitter.com/privacy
   ; Twitter has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield:
   www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

   d) Xing AG, Gänsemarkt 43, 20354 Hamburg, Germany; privacy.xing.com
   ; Xing has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield:
   www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

   e) LinkedIn Ireland, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place,Dublin 2, Irland
   www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
   ; LinkedIn has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield:
   www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

   2. Integration of YouTube Videos

   (1) We have integrated YouTube videos in our online offerings, which
   are stored at www.youtube.com and can be played back directly on our
   website. These are all integrated in "advanced privacy protection
   mode", i.e., so that no data about you as a user are transmitted to
   YouTube if you do not play the videos. The data specified in Section 2
   will only be transmitted if you play the videos. We have no influence
   over transmission of these data.

   (2) Address of YouTube and URL with its data protection notice:
   YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066, USA
   https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/


§8 Right to Information

   Upon request, you have the right to receive information on personal
   data about you that has been stored, free of cost. Additionally, the
   user has the right to correct incorrect data as well as to block or
   delete personal data, insofar as no legal duty exists to keep these
   data.

   In addition, members can view, correct and update existing personal
   data in the internal area for members.


§9 Objection or Revocation of Consent to the Processing of Your Data

   (1) If you have consented to the processing of your data, you can
   revoke this consent at any time. A revocation of this type will affect
   the permissibility of processing your personal data once you have
   declared this to us.

   (2) If our processing of your personal data is based on the weighing of
   interests, you can lodge an objection to this processing. This is the
   case if the processing is not necessary for the fulfillment of a
   contract with you, which we set out in each case in the following
   description of the functions. In the event that an objection of this
   type is lodged, we will ask you to set out the reasons why we should
   not process your personal data as we have done. If your objection is
   justified, we will examine the situation and either discontinue or
   adapt the data processing, or indicate to you our compelling legitimate
   grounds for continuing the processing.

   (3) You may of course object to the processing of your personal data
   for advertising and data analysis purposes at any time. You can inform
   us of your objection to advertising as follows:

   Via the link to the subscription center, which is contained in every
   newsletter and mailshot
     * By emailing us at info(at)tekom.de
     * By faxing us at: +49 (0)711 65704-99
     * By writing to us at: tekom / tcworld GmbH, Rotebühlstrasse 64,
       70178 Stuttgart, Germany

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About us
     * Contact

     * Privacy Policy
     * Imprint

     * Sitemap
     * Newsletter

   © 2019 tcworld GmbH
