   #BeyondFrosting » Feed BeyondFrosting » Comments Feed BeyondFrosting
   WordPress.com

BeyondFrosting

Main menu

   Skip to content
     * Home
     * Cupcakes
     * Tips and Techniques
     * About Me
     * Contact

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

LA Bakery Tour- Part 1

   Posted on August 29, 2013 by beyondfrosting

   2

   If you keep up with me on Instagram or Twitter, then you might recall
   my recent trip to downtown LA on a quest for some amazing bakeries.
   Whenever I am vacationing, I do my best to seek out local bakeries to
   try something new. Often times, I return with some new inspiration to
   take back to my kitchen. Well, in the four years that I have lived in
   California, I have never explored very much in LA; uh, plus “LA” is an
   all-encompassing and huge territory to cover. I entrusted in my good
   friend, Erin, to take me on a bakery adventure to some of her spots.

   I made the trek down on Saturday morning, drove through Hollywood,
   taking in “the sights” (hello, I am totally still a tourist) and met up
   with Erin. We had an agenda and set out for our sugar high. I am doing
   this a little in reverse and next week, I will take you from spot to
   spot on our tour. Today is all about our lunch spot; Joan’s on Third.
   Erin heard that Joan’s was a great spot for lunch plus they had a
   bakery. Turns out, I am kind of obsessed with that place.

   I had no idea that Joan’s on Third was such an iconic spot to visit. It
   started as a catering company back in 1995. It wasn’t until 1998 that
   the opportunity became available for her to expand the business into a
   gourmet market and café.

   Photo courtesy of Joan’s on Third

   Fifteen years later, Joan’s on Third is a booming eatery with a full
   menu of soups, sandwiches and salads, a large case of fresh made deli
   selections and a bakery packed with muffins, cakes, pies and more.
   Check out the size of those cream puffs!

   Upon walking into the restaurant, it was abundantly clear that this was
   a happening place. The tables were packed, people lined up for fresh
   salads at the deli counter and Prosciutto di Parma was carving fresh
   prosciutto samples and serving cold prosecco tasters. Have you ever had
   a slice of fresh prosciutto? Oh em gee.

   I immediately fell in love with the décor. The bright white interior is
   offset with a long antique wood table for a family style dining. The
   bakery is stocked with a variety of cake plates and a glass wall where
   you can peek in at the action behind the scenes.

   I headed to the bakery to seek out the goods. Eat dessert first, right?
   I gawked at the cupcakes and strawberry shortcake. However, I was
   looking for some hearty food to offset my sugar consumption. Erin
   ordered a Chinese Chicken Salad, I chose a pressed chicken sandwich
   with bacon, brie and caramelized onions on a French baguette. Oh my
   word, it was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Chicken and
   bacon sandwiches are a pretty stable part of my diet, but this sandwich
   was different.  The warm brie cheese on the toasted baguette melted in
   my mouth with each bite. The caramelized onions added a bit of sweet
   with each bite. I washed my sandwich down with fresh squeezed lemonade.
   I was beyond satisfied with lunch.

   I had the opportunity to meet Joan herself, and gosh, is she a doll.
   Since Joan is from New York, we discussed what all East Coasters
   discuss; our love for the fall season. Joan also introduced me to her
   daughter, Susie. Both of them were so sweet and made sure we were
   enjoying our experience. I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to ask Joan
   what I should be ordering from the bakery now that my lunch was
   finished. She filled me in on treats they had to offer, but she raved
   about the specialty ice cream they served.

   Joan’s on Third serves Salt and Straw ice cream. Salt and Straw is a
   Portland, Oregon based company who has won numerous awards for their
   handmade ice cream. Salt and Straw uses an all natural dairy with local
   and organic ingredients. Joan’s serves six flavors: Meyer Lemon
   Buttermilk Custard with Blueberry, Sea Salt Ice Cream with Caramel
   Ribbon, Almond Brittle with Salted Ganache, Chocolate with Gooey
   Brownies, Coffee and Bourban and Cinnamon Snickerdoodle. I wanted to
   dive into the case and eat it all. We decided that since it was “Salt
   and Straw”, we should try the Sea Salt ice cream with the caramel
   ribbon. It did not disappoint. Each bite was smooth and creamy with a
   hint of sweet from the caramel. Thanks for the tip, Joan!

   No trip to LA is complete without a celebrity sighting right? While
   Erin and I were stuffing our faces, we suddenly heard a man belting out
   some tunes about three feet away from us. I instantly turned around to
   see Richard Simmons interacting with the staff and patrons. I was
   slightly shell-shocked. Susie explained that Richard often makes visits
   to Joan’s on Third; he seems to enjoy the opportunity to exercise his
   vocal cords. While I was chatting with Joan and Susie, Richard stopped
   to say goodbye and thanks to Joan on his way out. I shyly told Joan I
   was so embarrassed because I really wanted to take a picture with
   Richard. “Oh he would LOVE it,” Joan exclaimed. She immediately took
   off to flag him down while Susie watched over our seats and our lunch.
   Thanks so much ladies, my first celebrity photo in the bag!

   My experience at Joan’s on Third was nothing short of amazing. From the
   atmosphere to the food to the company, it felt like a once in a
   lifetime experience. I enjoyed every minute and I am so grateful to
   have had the opportunity to speak with Joan and Susie. I only wished I
   lived closer so I could eat that sandwich on the regular.  I wanted to
   take the whole bakery case home with me, but I still had many visits
   ahead of me. Thanks to Joan, Susie and the rest of their staff for
   showing us such a good time. Stay tuned next week to hear about the
   rest of my trip.

   Photo courtesy of Joan’s on Third
   Advertisements

   Posted in Uncategorized Tagged bakery, LA, travel

Rice Krispie Treat S’mores

   Posted on August 27, 2013 by beyondfrosting

   15

   Rice Krispie Treat with S'Mores filling

   I have kind of been on a Rice Krispie kick lately. Last weekend, I
   somehow decided it would be a good idea to make a frosting with Rice
   Krispie Treat Frosting, which hello, is totally necessary in life. At
   the same time, I have suddenly found myself obsessed with S’mores. As
   such, I have been racking my brain trying to come up with a variation
   of a S’mores dessert.

   Rice Krispie Treat with S'Mores filling

   I made a stop at a local bakery recently and they had this awesome
   ginger snap S’mores cookie that was half dipped in chocolate. I knew I
   wanted to try something similar at home and poof! The Rice Krispie
   Treat S’mores were born. Does it seem a little redundant to have
   marshmallow filling inside a rice krispies treat, since said treat
   already contains marshmallow? The correct answer is no; it’s actually
   amazing.

   Continue reading →

   Posted in Brownies and Bars, Cookies Tagged chocolate, marshmallow,
   marshmallow frosting, Rice Krispies, S'mores

Deep Fried Apple Pie Bites

   Posted on August 24, 2013 by beyondfrosting

   15

   Deep Fried Apple Pie

   As September gets closer, I get more and more excited for fall. Beyond
   apples, changing leaves and cooler weather, it is also really the start
   of snowboard season. In September there are video premieres, new
   products start shipping and  pre-season contests are in full swing.
   What does that have to do with desserts? Absolutely nothing, except
   that I have multiple reasons to look forward to September that aren’t
   just dessert related. Fall is my favorite season, although fall on the
   west coast is so different from the east coast. But one thing is the
   same; fall means apple season.

   Deep Fried Apple Pie

   I recently heard about a contest hosted by one of my favorite bloggers,
   Ashton from Something Swanky. She teamed up with Lucky Leaf for recipe
   contest featuring their pie filling. I love pie, and I love small sized
   desserts, so I decided to create bite-sized Deep Fried Apple Pies.
   These mini “dumplings” are a pie crust, filled with apple pie filling,
   deep fried and rolled in cinnamon sugar. Oh my gosh are these
   delicious.

   They are packed with some of my favorite flavors including maple and
   cinnamon. I always add a little maple syrup to my recipes. I used a
   deep fryer to make these, but you can easily cook these on the stove.
   This recipe is so easy because you can use prepared pie crust and Lucky
   Leaf’s apple pie filling.

   Deep Fried Apple Pie Continue reading →

   Posted in Pies Tagged apple, apple pie, cinnamon, Deep Fried

Peanut Butter Cake Bars

   Posted on August 20, 2013 by beyondfrosting

   26

   Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake Bars

   Does anyone recall my love for Jif Whips? I made this Whipped Chocolate
   Peanut Butter Frosting and immediately posted it the following day. Jif
   Whips are what I call a “yellow light food”- which means I need to
   approach it cautiously, because overindulgence is absolutely going to
   happen. So I first used it in a frosting and now I am using it for a
   Peanut Butter Cake Bar.

   I adapted this recipe from one of my favorite bloggers, Dorothy at
   Crazy For Crust. She did a brownie version of this bar. I changed it up
   using a cake mix base, added some Jif Whips and used crumbled brownies
   on top. The crumbled brownies were really just a way for me to allow
   myself to finish the brownies left over from the previous project.
   There is no guilt in eating brownies that are baked into a cake bar,
   trust me! Head over to My Cooking Spot for the recipe!

   Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake Bars

   Chocolate Peanut Butter Magic Bars

   For more peanut butter goodness you might like:

   Whipped Chocolate Peanut Butter Frosting

   Posted in Brownies and Bars Tagged Brownies and Bars, Cake mix,
   chocolate, Cookies and Bars, Peanut Butter, reese's

Funfetti Poke Cake

   Posted on August 18, 2013 by beyondfrosting

   15

   Cake Batter Poke Cake

   Did you all have a good weekend? I sure did! I went down to LA with a
   friend and she took me on a bakery tour. I can’t wait to tell you guys
   about it later this week. I saw some pretty amazing flavors and
   desserts. It gives me some inspiration to get back in the kitchen and
   get to work.

   While I was in Bass Lake this summer, I discovered Birthday Cake Oreos.
   Umm what? I have been living under a rock? These things are amazing. I
   knew I wanted to make some sort of dessert with them. So I used them in
   this Funfetti Poke Cake. What is so amazing about this cake? It is
   topped with Cake Batter Whipped Cream and Birthday Cake Oreos. This
   cake is sprinkle overload and I am in love.

   Cake Batter Poke Cake

   Continue reading →

   Posted in Cakes Tagged Cake, Cake batter, Funfetti, Funfetti whipped
   cream, oreos, Poke cake

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

   Search ____________________ Search

Social Media

   [USEMAP:1201305252327004_BF_final-social-media-tags_circle_updated-0525
   13.png]

Follow Blog via Email

   Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications
   of new posts by email.

   Join 1,827 other followers

   ____________________

   (BUTTON) Follow

Facebook

     Facebook

Top Posts & Pages

     * Cookie Dough Muddy Buddies
       Cookie Dough Muddy Buddies
     * Cake Batter Whipped Cream
       Cake Batter Whipped Cream
     * Triple Chocolate Brownie Cupcakes
       Triple Chocolate Brownie Cupcakes

Other places you can find Beyond Frosting

   Follow on Bloglovin
   my photos on tastespotting
   my foodgawker gallery

   [obc+button+learn+network+grow.png]

   [USEMAP:2201305122331109_Walkers-Blogger-Buzz%20copy.png]

Recent Posts

     * LA Bakery Tour- Part 1
     * Rice Krispie Treat S’mores
     * Deep Fried Apple Pie Bites
     * Peanut Butter Cake Bars
     * Funfetti Poke Cake

Categories

     * Brownies and Bars
     * Cake decorating
     * Cakes
     * Cookies
     * Cupcakes
     * Foodie Finds
     * Foodie Penpals
     * Frosting
     * Gluten-Free
     * Happy Hour Cupcakes
     * Ice Cream
     * Muffins and Breads
     * No-Bake Desserts
     * Pies
     * Sweet or Salty Snacks
     * Tips and Techniques
     * Uncategorized

Archives

     * August 2013
     * July 2013
     * June 2013
     * May 2013
     * April 2013
     * March 2013
     * February 2013
     * January 2013
     * December 2012
     * November 2012
     * October 2012

Twitter Updates

     * (14) Melissa Sperka on Twitter: "Make-ahead dishes like this
       Overnight Eggs Benedict Casserole are rock stars of th…
       twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 12 hours ago
     * (14) Brianne Izzo on Twitter: "Pumpkin Cheesecake Flourless
       Chocolate Cake Roll is the ultimate fall dessert! Easy…
       twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 13 hours ago
     * (14) Savory Experiments on Twitter: "Homemade dinner rolls don’t
       get any better than these MEXICAN CHEESY ROLLS! Pe…
       twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 13 hours ago
     * Toni Dash on Twitter: "Challah French Toast with fresh berries is
       an easy 4-ingredient recipe perfect for any day o…
       twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 13 hours ago
     * (14) Carrie R on Twitter: "#ad Stock up your freezer &amp; save
       yourself a little time with these nutritious &amp;…
       twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 13 hours ago

   Follow @beyondfrosting
   Advertisements

   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

   Close and accept Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By
   continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
   To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie
   Policy
