   #Anthology Magazine » Feed Anthology Magazine » Comments Feed alternate
   alternate

   Skip to content

   Anthology Magazine

Anthology Magazine

All about style and substance

     * Home
     * About Us
     * Travel
     * Design
     * Home Decor
     * Advertise With Us
     * Write for Us
     * Contact Us

   Search for: ____________________ (BUTTON)

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments Design

These are the 3 common design mistakes

   If you don’t have a proper plan in place when doing your home décor
   there are a number of common design mistakes that you will end up
   making and only realize it when it’s too late to remedy. This is
   precisely why this article has been written, to help you learn about
   these mistakes earlyRead More
   READ MORE
   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments Design

5 important qualities of great interior design

   Before deciding on any home décor, it’s important for you to be able to
   determine what a good interior design looks like. Once you have an idea
   of the qualities to look out for, you are much better placed to make
   important decisions about how you want your design project to look
   like. We takeRead More
   READ MORE
   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments Design

The 5 main qualities of a good interior designer

   Before settling on an interior designer to take up your design project
   it’s very important to do your due diligence in order to figure out
   whether they are a good match for you. In many cases, people never
   really know what the screening process should entail especially in
   terms of qualities a potential client shouldRead More
   READ MORE
   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments Design

4 tips on how to choose a good interior designer

   When doing your home décor, it may at times be necessary to look for an
   interior designer to handle some of the more complicated design tasks
   that you know you won’t be able to handle on your own. However, before
   you settle on a designer, there are a couple of things you must first
   figureRead More
   READ MORE
   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments Design

How to decorate your home without spending extra money

   Whenever you walk into a well decorated home, there is always an
   assumption that the home owner must have spent so much money in
   achieving this. We however want to let you know that you can do a good
   home décor without spending any extra money. With things already in
   your home, you can giveRead More
   READ MORE
   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments Design

Top 4 wall decor ideas to fill your space

   When doing your home décor it’s always a challenge filing up certain
   spaces especially if you’re doing the design work yourself and you have
   no design experience that you can lean on. It’s more about trial and
   error until you find the best idea that works. Well, you don’t have to
   worry any more aboutRead More
   READ MORE

Travel Posts

Pro Tips for the Amateur DIYer: Renovating Your Kitchen

   Design

These are the 3 common design mistakes

   Design

The top 4 travel mistakes you must avoid

   Design

Travel – the 4 things you must consider before travelling

   Design

5 important qualities of great interior design

   Design

Here are the world’s best travel destinations for arts and culture

6 of the world’s top architectural cities

   Design

These are the best places to travel for design inspiration

   Design

The 5 main qualities of a good interior designer

   Design

4 tips on how to choose a good interior designer

Home Decor Posts

Pro Tips for the Amateur DIYer: Renovating Your Kitchen

   Home Decor

These are the 3 common design mistakes

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

5 important qualities of great interior design

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

The 5 main qualities of a good interior designer

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

4 tips on how to choose a good interior designer

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

How to decorate your home without spending extra money

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

Top 4 wall decor ideas to fill your space

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

Entertaining Posts

   Entertaining

The top 4 travel mistakes you must avoid

   Entertaining

Travel – the 4 things you must consider before travelling

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

Here are the world’s best travel destinations for arts and culture

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

6 of the world’s top architectural cities

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

These are the best places to travel for design inspiration

   1 year agoApr 17, 20180 Comments

Latest Posts

Pro Tips for the Amateur DIYer: Renovating Your Kitchen

   By Williams Douglas 5 months agoMay 18, 2019 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Home Decor

   Pro Tips for the Amateur DIYer: Renovating Your Kitchen

   There are a lot of things DIYers can do to keep costs down. Planning
   will help you save on potential mistakes. Shopping around for bargains
   or using wholesalers where you can will also make things more
   affordable. However, be prepared to spend money on areas of the kitchen
   that hold value well. It will pay off in the long run. Appliances are
   one place that you should break out the wallet. If the time comes, and
   you’re selling your place, no potential buyer wants the cheapest stove
   and fridge from the discount store. Floors also are a big deal. Install
   nice floors and take the time to do them right.

   Last but not least, don’t forget to go high-end on the countertops.
   Nothing says luxury like good quality marble or granite countertops.
   These days most DIYers, and even developers, source their countertops
   online. For more information, visit Marble, one of the foremost
   providers of natural stone. You’ll find a wide selection of countertops
   to fit whatever theme you’ve chosen for your remodel. Buying quality
   countertops will make perhaps the biggest difference in whether your
   renovation is a success. Spend the upper limit of what you’re
   comfortable with. You’ll spend years loving your kitchen, and if you
   ever sell, nice countertops are a major plus with buyers.

   DIYing a kitchen renovation is a big deal. You’ll learn a lot along the
   way. There will be ups and downs, but overall there’s a deep sense of
   satisfaction that comes with completing a project on your own home. It
   will create a bond between you and the house that will make memories
   for the rest of your life. Take some deep breaths and go slow, this is
   well within your reach. All a successful kitchen renovation requires is
   the ability to learn and hard work. All of the tools are right in front
   of you.

   Plan, Plan, Plan

   One of the biggest problems DIY renovators make is failing to plan.
   Their kitchen renovation might start with an idea to change the kitchen
   countertops, but then they move along through the remodel piecemeal.
   They tackle that and then, filled with confidence, they see that the
   walls could use a fresh coat of paint. Once the paint dries, they
   notice that the shelving doesn’t match, so they figure something out to
   replace the cabinetry. What they end up with is a mix and mash of
   different kitchen items that don’t mix well together.

   DIYers shouldn’t enter kitchen remodels lightly. You should plan things
   down to the last detail before any nail gets removed. Use a virtual
   room planner and pre-shop for appliances, countertops and paint before
   you do anything. The virtual planner will let you see how every last
   detail will look without having to move any furniture. What’s great
   about virtual planners is that, as they’ve become more popular, big
   name home improvement retailers have them available for customers. You
   can get the basic virtual planner functions with the added bonus of
   seeing how a certain manufacturer’s product will look in your kitchen.

   Make sense of your plan and tackle different areas of the kitchen along
   a time line that makes sense. Have a backup in case your first choice
   of products is unavailable. It’s also important to be flexible with
   timelines. Don’t schedule a big reveal party that will put pressure on
   you if things don’t all go according to plan. If you don’t live alone,
   give everyone a heads up so they don’t flip out when construction goes
   on for months.

   Use Resources Available

   Being a DIYer doesn’t mean you have to figure out everything blind.
   There are easy ways to get advice and inspiration without paying a
   professional. One of the best things DIYers can do is to look at design
   magazines and websites prior to remodeling. One of the biggest regrets
   DIYers have is that what they thought would look good doesn’t turn out.
   It’s OK to realize not everyone has a great eye for style. That’s why
   design sites and publications exist. Look through and find a theme you
   love and stick to it.

   Another great resource is YouTube and blogs that walk DIYers through
   home projects. You can pretty much find anything online, from how to
   change a car battery to putting together a computer. The same goes for
   housing. There are video channels dedicated to home improvement, and
   people often post videos of their own kitchen renovation. You can see a
   time lapse of what part of the kitchen they did first to last and
   they’ll often offer a recap and lessons learned.

   Finally, there are a lot of experts walking around your local big box
   home improvement chain who you can ask for help. You’re going to be
   making a lot of trips to the store for supplies, so you might as well
   leverage that resource if it’s there. Ask them what they think of your
   approach to installation, repair, or redesign. They’ll be able to give
   an expert opinion for free when it could have cost you a lot.

   Don’t Skimp on Key Areas

These are the 3 common design mistakes

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Home Decor
     * Travel

   If you don’t have a proper plan in place when doing your home décor
   there are a number of common design mistakes that you will end up
   making and only realize it when it’s too late to remedy. This is
   precisely why this article has been written, to help you learn about
   these mistakes early so that you can avoid them and ensure your home
   remodeling goes on seamlessly and perfectly.

   Here are the 3 common design mistakes that you should avoid.

#1 Painting your walls before you buy your furniture

   In design, your choice of paint color is meant to complement your
   furniture and not the other way round. This is something that many
   people get mixed up with especially if they did not do proper planning.
   It’s always advisable to first buy your furniture then decide on a
   paint color and not paint first then purchase your furniture. This will
   allow you to better complement your furnishings because it’s much
   easier to get a certain paint color to complement furniture than it is
   to get a certain furniture color to complement your paint.

#2 Placing furniture against the wall

   When you go to many homes, it’s a common practice for people to place
   their furniture against the wall however this is actually a common
   mistake in design. The reality is that when you place furniture against
   the wall it will always make your spaces appear smaller and will not
   help you save on space. In design, it’s advisable to center your
   furniture and put them much closer to each other therefore leaving some
   room from the walls. This helps create the illusion that the space is
   much larger than it is and in addition, the centered furniture will
   look more stylish.

#3 Placing artwork too high or too low

   Any artwork that is incorporated as part of the design of a space must
   be perfectly placed so that there is a sense of flow with the rest of
   the furnishings. Placing art either too high or too low on your wall is
   a common mistake in design and it will create some form of disturbance
   in the flow of things. Art is usually a great way of adding your own
   personality and sense of style in your space therefore it’s important
   to place your art pieces to be in line with your furniture. As a rule,
   the highest any piece you hung should go is not more than 10 inches
   from your furniture.

   There you have it. We trust that you are now better informed and will
   avoid these common mistakes in your home décor projects. Be sure to
   incorporate these changes in your space and we guarantee you that you
   will notice an immediate transformation.

The top 4 travel mistakes you must avoid

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Entertaining
     * Travel

   Regardless of how accustomed you are to travelling, there are a number
   of mistakes you find yourself making over and over every time you
   travel. These are simple mistakes you can avoid if you plan well for
   your trip.

   We take a look at the 4 common travel mistakes that you must avoid and
   how to avoid them.

#1 The mistake of over packing

   Over packing will always be a problem if you have not done sufficient
   planning for your trip therefore by the time you are planning to leave
   your house, you don’t have a good idea of what you will need at your
   destination. This means that you will end up pacing so many unnecessary
   things. The way to avoid this is advance planning and knowing exactly
   what you will need at your destination from clothes, accessories,
   toiletries and so on. You also must know things that you can buy when
   you get to your destination to avoid having to pack them.

#2 Failing to research on cell phone plans

   If you are a frequent traveller then you are fully aware of how
   expensive roaming is especially if your cellphone carrier does not have
   a good partner in the travel destination you are headed to. You may end
   up getting to your destination and being unreachable because you did
   not have a plan in place for your cell phone. It’s therefore important
   for you to do some research so that you can find out whether it’s
   cheaper to buy a local SIM card for your phone or whether there is an
   international package that will make roaming cost friendly.

#3 Failure to put sufficient time in between flights

   Flights will always delay however this is not something many people
   keep in mind when they are making bookings for their flights especially
   those that will involve connections at different airports. This has
   resulted in many people missing their flights and ending up stranded at
   the airport. It’s therefore very important for you to always remember
   to put a space of a couple of hours between your flights to allow time
   for delays as well as security checks at the different airports. Who
   knows, you may even get time to do a bit of site seeing as you wait for
   your connecting flight.

#4 Forgetting to get some local currency at the airport

   By the time you leave the airport at your destination, you will
   definitely need to have some local currency to enable you pay for your
   taxi or transportation costs as well as be able to grab a quick meal.
   However, many travellers will forget to do this because their plan was
   to find a forex bureau that offers the best exchange rates so that they
   can get more money to spend. This is well and good however you must
   remember that you will need sufficient local currency to cater for your
   movements before you can get to such a bureau as well as to cater for
   any emergencies that may arise.

   There you have it. The next time you are planning your travel, be sure
   to keep these 4 points at the top of your mind.

Travel – the 4 things you must consider before travelling

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Entertaining
     * Travel

   Preparing for a travel usually seems easy enough until you arrive at
   your destination and find out that you hadn’t adequately prepared for
   the trip. This is why it’s important to plan your trip early so that
   you can cover all your bases. Good preparation also ensures that you
   have sufficient time to actually enjoy your travel.

   We take a look at 4 things you must consider before travelling.

Deciding on your destination

   This may sound like an obvious decision but the reality is that many
   people make the decision about where they are going to travel last
   minute and this does not give them sufficient time to find out
   everything about their travel destination in order to make better
   preparation for the trip. The trick to an enjoyable trip starts with
   deciding on a destination early so that you can gather all the
   necessary information about this destination.

The timing of your travel

   There are two reasons why timing is important, one being whether or not
   it’s peak tourist season and the other being the weather. In most
   situations, peak tourist seasons are the time when the weather is most
   optimum however this is not always the case. In some places, peak
   tourist season is the worst time to travel because the destination will
   be over crowded, prices will be super high and this will limit your
   ability to have fun. When it comes to the weather, there is no worse
   situation than arriving at your destination and finding really bad
   weather that keeps you confined to your room and the hotel lobby. It’s
   therefore important to consider the timing of your travel.

Early flight booking

   When it comes to flights, the earlier you book the cheaper it is many
   flights. This is a trick that many travellers have never known. It’s
   also important to research on different flights that are going to your
   destination and compare the different prices on offer. There are a
   number of travel websites that will have good deals in place therefore
   be sure to take advantage of them. You will be surprised about how you
   will be able to save up on your flight costs.

Do some research on your destination

   One of the most important bits about planning for your travel is having
   sufficient knowledge about your travel destination so that by the time
   you arrive, you have a rough idea about the different places you will
   visit and the activities you will do. You don’t want to get to your
   destination and end up confused about where to go and what to do. The
   beauty about this is that there are travel websites that have
   summarized this information and made things much easier for travellers.

   When you tick all these 4 things on your pre-travel check list you can
   be guaranteed that you will have an amazing trip.

5 important qualities of great interior design

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Home Decor
     * Travel

   Before deciding on any home décor, it’s important for you to be able to
   determine what a good interior design looks like. Once you have an idea
   of the qualities to look out for, you are much better placed to make
   important decisions about how you want your design project to look
   like.

   We take a look at 5 important qualities of great interior design.

It must be stylish

   The whole point of interior design is to make you space stand out and
   the only way it can stand out is if it’s stylish. The kind of material
   you choose to use whether it’s the furnishing, ceiling, floor, art
   pieces and so on need to be dazzling. It doesn’t have to be expensive
   just well finished, arranged and accessorized to make it appear
   stylish.

It must have symmetry

   Any design work has to have symmetry and this is especially true for
   interior design. It must follow the rules of ensuring that there is a
   focal point in every room which are accentuated by other elements
   without drawing attention from the focal point. Symmetry basically
   ensures that each space appears well balanced.

It must have harmony

   Harmony forms a very important part of interior design. You may have
   different ideas you want to incorporate in your space but what enables
   you decide what you can and can’t use is harmony. The different color
   shades you use must blend well with the furniture, finishing, art, and
   so on. Even if you are trying to go out of the norm and try bolder
   colors, you must still ensure that harmony is attained.

It must be well coordinated

   Approach interior design as you would approach your dressing. Whatever
   shirt, tie, pants and shoes you wear must essentially be well
   coordinated in order for you to pull off a good look. The same applies
   to interior design whereby there needs to be an element of uniformity
   in how you fill up your space. This will include uniformity in the
   design and color of your seats, draperies and so on. Everything needs
   to be well coordinated so that they complement each other.

It needs to be playful

   Design needs to be fun, captivating and playful and this is especially
   important depending on the context in which it’s being done. For
   instance, you don’t have to paint a room with a color considered to be
   fun for it to appear vibrant and playful, all you need are the right
   accessories that have fun colors such as draperies, pillows and so on
   to add a feeling of playfulness to your space.

   In the vent you are planning to get an interior designer for your
   project, go through their portfolio and see how best they have
   incorporated these qualities and this will help you determine if they
   fit the bill.

Here are the world’s best travel destinations for arts and culture

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Entertaining
     * Travel

   One of the best ways to ensure that you have a fun and memorable
   vacation is picking a travel destination that gives you an opportunity
   to experience art and culture from different places. This is especially
   good for you if you are into design as you get to spark your creativity
   by getting new ideas that you can borrow from.

   Let’s take a look at some of the world’s best travel destinations for
   art and culture.

#1 The City of Florence in Italy

   The city of Florence was one of the centers of the European renaissance
   period and this is still evident today. The architecture and art has
   been very well preserved making it possible for visitors to this
   beautiful city to get a full appreciation of its rich history and
   cultural heritage. In addition to the renaissance art and architecture,
   there is a perfect blend of more modern masterpieces which have clearly
   drawn inspiration from the old and this is a testament to the benefits
   a visit to Florence would have on your artistic creativity.

#2 The City of Rome in Italy

   The city of Rome is the epitome of the Roman Empire which at its peak
   stretched across Europe, North of Africa and Asia Minor. To this day,
   there are still traces of Roman era architecture, art, cities and many
   more that date back as far as the 7^th century BC yet has been very
   well preserved. Lovers of design who draw their inspiration from art,
   history and culture will definitely appreciate this city as it will do
   wonders to spark their creativity.

#3 The City of Paris in France

   You can’t talk about travel destinations without including the city of
   Paris on your list. This is one of the world’s most visited
   destinations that have plenty of history and culture to offer thanks to
   its picturesque architecture, art, cuisines, and many more. Paris has
   also made a name for itself as a city of innovation and has created a
   perfect balance between the medieval and modern times. This is
   definitely a city you must purpose to visit.

#4 The City of Kyoto in Japan

   You’ve probably heard the city of Kyoto being referred to as the city
   of ten thousand shrines. Well, this is actually not an exaggeration.
   Whereas it may not be possible to say exactly how many shrines are in
   the city, the fact of the matter is that they are many and have been
   well preserved and a proud part of the Japanese history and rich
   cultural heritage. The beauty about this city is that even without a
   guide book, you are still going to enjoy your time exploring it because
   literally everything you stumble upon is going to be memorable from the
   many Zen gardens to the sprawling temples. Be sure to purpose to visit
   this magnificent city.

   There are of course plenty more travel destinations that offer great
   history and culture but we feel these are our top four which we
   encourage you to check out.

6 of the world’s top architectural cities

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Entertaining
     * Travel

   If you are a design enthusiast and are looking for travel destinations
   that will give you an opportunity to get to appreciate beautiful
   designs, architecture and many more, then you are at the right place.
   We are going to look at 6 of the world’s top architectural cities which
   you must purpose to visit.

The City of Dubai

   The city of Dubai is home to Burj Khalifa which is the tallest building
   in the world which stands at 2,723-feet tall, and is truly an
   architectural marvel. Dubai also has other amazing architecture such as
   The World which is a group of artificial islands designed in the shape
   of the world as well as the Burj Al Arab which is the world’s third
   largest hotel which has been built on an artificial island.

The City of Berlin

   One of the main amazing architectural attractions that put Berlin in
   this list is the Reichstag, a historical building which is home to the
   German parliament. In addition to this, there is the Altes Museum, the
   Potsdamer Platz’s Sony Center, and Das Rotes Rathaus. These are truly
   amazing architectural works that are worth a visit.

The City of Chicago

   The city of Chicago attracts millions of tourists annually who flock
   here to admire the Sears Tower and the Cloud Gate which are really
   amazing architectural designs. When in this city, you can also get to
   learn more about one of the world’s renowned architect, Frank Lloyd
   Wright and also get to have a tour of his amazing home, and
   architectural laboratory where his awesome ideas and design concepts
   were conceptualized.

New York City

   One of the best architectural marvels in New York City is the Freedom
   Tower which is the tallest building in the city which has been
   awesomely designed. Other amazing architectural designs are the Empire
   State Building, the Highline, Rockefeller Center, Time Square, Central
   Park, and the Chrysler Building.

The City of Beijing

   The city of Beijing is home to the Great Wall of China which began
   being built back in the 7^th century as a way to protect the Chinese
   Empire, and it still stands to this day. This wall has attracted
   millions of tourists who visit here to get to appreciate this beautiful
   architectural marvel. Other beautiful architecture in Beijing includes
   the Forbidden City.

The City of Rome

   The city of Rome is home to ancient Greek architecture that is really
   awesome and a site for sore eyes. The structure that stands out most is
   the beautiful Colosseum which was built back in 72 AD and is widely
   regarded as one of if not the greatest representation of Roman
   architecture and engineering. When in Rome you can also visit the
   Vatican, the Pantheon, Aqueducts, the Temple of Vesta, and the Baths of
   Caracalla.

   Be sure to purpose to visit these cities and you will definitely be
   amazed at the amazing architectural designs that they have on offer.

These are the best places to travel for design inspiration

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Entertaining
     * Travel

   If you are a designer or simply a person who has a passion for
   creativity and design and you are looking for some inspiration for a
   design project that you are about to engage in, there are a couple of
   travel destinations that will help give you the best inspiration.

   Let’s take a look at 6 of the places that will give you the best design
   inspiration.

The City of London, UK

   London is a city that has a great history and cultural heritage, and
   this is evident in its beautiful architecture, picturesque sceneries
   and many more. This is one of the places that a designer is definitely
   going to get some design inspiration especially if they are looking to
   do cultural and historical design projects.

The City of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil

   Rio de Janeiro is a beautiful city that gives designers inspiration
   especially because of its raw, edgy and mind blowing landscapes. From
   the architecture of the buildings, to the slums, to the beautiful
   beachs, and the fun loving people, this is a city that will inspire you
   creative juices.

The City of Buenos Aires, Argentina

   Buenos Aires is a city that really flies under the radar when it comes
   to inspiring design and is therefore a place that you just have to see
   to believe. This is a city full of fun as the residents here are a fun
   loving bunch. There are also a number of antique shops and flea markets
   where you can find so many interesting antiquities, furniture and other
   items that will help inspire your creativity.

The City of Rome, Italy

   If you want design inspiration then the amazing city of Rome must be
   part of your itinerary. This historic city which is one of the global
   centers of art, culture, architecture, and many more, mainly from the
   Roman era is truly an inspiring destination especially if you are
   looking for a project that is art, history and culture related.

The City of Mallorca, Spain

   The city of Mallorca which is full of both medieval and modern
   architecture, awesome interiors, great cuisines, as well as picturesque
   sceneries overlooking the water provide some of the best inspiration
   for designers looking for creative projects. This is a city that is
   appreciated by many designers and one of their most popular travel
   destinations.

The Kingdom of Cambodia

   One of the best kept secrets which have proven to provide great
   inspiration for designers is the Kingdom of Cambodia. This region is
   rich in history, culture and tradition, with the most popular being
   Khmer, lacquer, exquisite silk textiles, and wood carvings among many
   others. This is a truly magical environment that will help open up a
   designer’s mind to new possibilities.

   These are just some of the popular destinations that have been shared
   by many designers as the best places to get some inspiration for their
   work. They are definitely worth checking out.

The 5 main qualities of a good interior designer

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Home Decor
     * Travel

   Before settling on an interior designer to take up your design project
   it’s very important to do your due diligence in order to figure out
   whether they are a good match for you. In many cases, people never
   really know what the screening process should entail especially in
   terms of qualities a potential client should be looking out for in an
   interior designer.

   This article will look at the 5 main qualities of a good interior
   designer.

They must have a passion for design work

   This is a no brainer. Any good interior designer must love what they do
   and have a strong passion for their work. It’s only a designer who has
   a passion for their work who will be able to do for you a great job. As
   you screen your potential service providers be sure to ask probing
   questions which will help you determine whether they are passionate
   about their work.

They must have a winning mentality

   The reality about design work is that it’s not as easy as it sometimes
   sounds. Clients tend to have big expectations which may not be easy to
   satisfy therefore if you know you are such a client then you must look
   for a designer with a winning mentality. Such a designer will be able
   to take challenges despite how difficult they may appear and have the
   frame of mind to put their all in ensuring that the task at hand has
   been achieved. To be able to single out designers with a winning
   mentality, be sure ask probing questions on how well they respond to
   pressure.

They must be driven

   Drive goes hand in hand with passion and winning mentality and this is
   a quality that every good interior designer must poses. Drive is the
   quality that will push the designer to go the extra mile to meet
   his/her client’s design requirements as well as overcome any challenges
   that may hinder them from meeting the client’s expectations. It’s
   possible to tell whether a designer is driven by how they will respond
   to you when you ask questions about how they usually approach their
   work.

They must be good listeners

   One of the most important traits of a good designer is their ability to
   listen. This is because listening will enable them pay attention to
   what the client wants as well as be able to tell when a client is not
   pleased with what they are doing therefore enabling them to promptly
   adjust and do things the way the client wants it done. It’s very easy
   to tell a good listener during the screening process because they won’t
   keep interrupting you as you talk.

   There are of course many other qualities you should look out for but
   these are the 5 main ones. Any designer who possesses these qualities
   will definitely deliver a good job for you.

4 tips on how to choose a good interior designer

   By Williams Douglas 1 year agoApr 17, 2018 0 Comments
     * Design
     * Home Decor
     * Travel

   When doing your home décor, it may at times be necessary to look for an
   interior designer to handle some of the more complicated design tasks
   that you know you won’t be able to handle on your own. However, before
   you settle on a designer, there are a couple of things you must first
   figure out in order to be able to get a good designer that will best
   actualize your vision for your home.

   Here are 4 tips on how to choose a good interior designer.

Tip 1: You must be aware of your own personal style

   It’s advisable that before you even decide on bringing in a designer to
   help out with your home décor project, you must first be fully aware
   about what it is you want to achieve design wise. This means that you
   must first be aware about your own sense of personal style which is
   mostly influenced by your personality. Once you have figured this out,
   the designer will simply help you actualize it.

Tip 2: Go through different portfolios

   It’s always a good idea to familiarize yourself with the work of
   different designers before you decide to meet them for an in person
   interview. You can get to this by looking through their portfolios.
   This will give you a good opportunity to identify the designers whose
   work is as close to your own sense of style as well as get ideas that
   will help you explain to them exactly what it is you want.

Tip 3: Draw your budget

   Regardless of what you want to achieve in terms of your design work,
   it’s your budget that will determine what you will and won’t be able to
   do. Therefore before you select an interior designer, you must have a
   budget in place so that as you engage them, they tell you what it is
   the can be able to achieve within your set budget.

Tip 4: Meet the interior designers in person

   It’s usually highly advisable to meet the different potential interior
   designers who you may want to engage for your project in person so that
   you can get an opportunity for a one on one discussion and see whether
   their portfolios match their personalities. The fact of the matter is
   that a portfolio may not tell you everything about the designer’s
   personality therefore meeting them in person lets you know whether they
   have a personality that you can work with.

   Once you have asked all the questions you want to ask and figured out
   which designer is the best fit, you can then go ahead and sign a
   contract where you will agree on all the deliverables and terms of
   service.

   If you follow these simple tips, you are guaranteed to settle on a good
   interior designer who will help you actualize your vision for your home
   décor project.

Looking for something

   Search for: ____________________ Search

Follow us

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Newsletter

   Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
   notifications of new posts by email.

   Join 25 other subscribers

   Email Address ____________________

   Subscribe

Recent Posts

Pro Tips for the Amateur DIYer: Renovating Your Kitchen

   12:49 pm 18 May 2019

These are the 3 common design mistakes

   7:22 am 12 Oct 2018

The top 4 travel mistakes you must avoid

   7:22 am 12 Sep 2018

Travel – the 4 things you must consider before travelling

   7:19 am 12 Aug 2018

5 important qualities of great interior design

   7:19 am 12 Jul 2018

Categories

     * Design
     * Entertaining
     * Home Decor
     * Travel

   The Anthology Magazine is where style meets substance. We are your one
   stop online platform and your ultimate guide on all things design, home
   decor, travel, entertainment and culture.

Quick Links

     * Home
     * About Us
     * Advertise With Us
     * Write for Us
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy

Recent Posts

     * Pro Tips for the Amateur DIYer: Renovating Your Kitchen
     * These are the 3 common design mistakes
     * The top 4 travel mistakes you must avoid
     * Travel – the 4 things you must consider before travelling
     * 5 important qualities of great interior design

Newsletter

   Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
   notifications of new posts by email.

   Join 25 other subscribers

   Email Address ____________________

   Subscribe
   Copyright © 2019 - Anthology Magazine - All about style and substance
   Top
