   #Simple as That » Feed Simple as That » Comments Feed

Main navigation

     * About
          + About Rebecca
          + Meet the Team
          + Media Kit
          + FAQ
     * Photography
     * Holidays
     * Recipes
     * Printables
     * 2019 Calendar
     * Write for Us
     * Beyond Snapshots

Simple as That

   Making Everyday Beautiful

   Slow Your Pace: A Free 30-Day Challenge

Slow Your Pace: A Free 30-Day Challenge

   Wednesday, April 24, 2019 — 2 Comments

   Slow Your Pace: A free, 30-day challenge to help you stop rushing
   through life and find more rest. When I Knew It Was Time to Slow Down A
   couple of years ago, I was always running, never resting—operating on
   empty. I was serving in my church, volunteering at school, running a
   business, driving my kids to practice after practice, and more. I was
   being pulled in so many directions, and I thought that being more
   productive and powering ...

   Continue Reading

Recent

   Join me for the 2019 More Than Mom Summit

Join me for the 2019 More Than Mom Summit

   Why Time Moves So Quickly And How To Slow It Down

Why Time Moves So Quickly And How To Slow It Down

   Backing Up Your Photos to the Cloud: A Guide to Getting Started

Backing Up Your Photos to the Cloud: A Guide to Getting Started

   5 Important Ways to Keep Kids Safe Online

5 Important Ways to Keep Kids Safe Online

   Meal Planning: How to Stop Overcomplicating it!

Meal Planning: How to Stop Overcomplicating it!

   Self-Care for Moms: Why We Don’t Keep Ourselves on the Priority List

Self-Care for Moms: Why We Don’t Keep Ourselves on the Priority List

   Capture Family Memories with 1 Second of Video Everyday

Capture Family Memories with 1 Second of Video Everyday

   2018 Year in Review Printable for Kids

2018 Year in Review Printable for Kids

   More Posts

Holidays

   Are you Dreaming of a Simple Christmas? 25 Things NOT to Add to your
   Holiday To-Do List

Are you Dreaming of a Simple Christmas? 25 Things NOT to Add to your Holiday
To-Do List

   It’s Time to Trim your Traditions

It’s Time to Trim your Traditions

   The Joy of a Slow and Simple Christmas

The Joy of a Slow and Simple Christmas

   Gather Around the Christmas Tree

Gather Around the Christmas Tree

   More Posts

Recipes

   How to Make Flourless Peanut Butter Banana Blender Muffins

How to Make Flourless Peanut Butter Banana Blender Muffins

   The Best Nanaimo Bars Recipe

The Best Nanaimo Bars Recipe

   White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Bars

White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Bars

   Easy Slow Cooker Beef and Noodles

Easy Slow Cooker Beef and Noodles

   More Posts

Photography

   Backing Up Your Photos to the Cloud: A Guide to Getting Started

Backing Up Your Photos to the Cloud: A Guide to Getting Started

   Capture Family Memories with 1 Second of Video Everyday

Capture Family Memories with 1 Second of Video Everyday

   Capture the Moments that Matter Most: A Photo Challenge

Capture the Moments that Matter Most: A Photo Challenge

   5 Photography Projects that will Inspire You

5 Photography Projects that will Inspire You

   More Posts

Printables

   Free Printable 2019 Calendar

Free Printable 2019 Calendar

   Mom’s Summer Reading Challenge

Mom’s Summer Reading Challenge

   Kids Daily Responsibilities Checklist

Kids Daily Responsibilities Checklist

   Travel Photo Checklist

Travel Photo Checklist

   More Posts

Crafts / DIY

   DIY Old Fashioned Kite

DIY Old Fashioned Kite

   Recycled Fabric Coiled Baskets DIY

Recycled Fabric Coiled Baskets DIY

   DIY Chalkboard Matryoshka Nesting Dolls

DIY Chalkboard Matryoshka Nesting Dolls

   Woodland Creature Pet Rocks Tutorial

Woodland Creature Pet Rocks Tutorial

   More Posts

Organizing

   Free Printable 2018 Calendar

Free Printable 2018 Calendar

   Choosing a Kids Chore System that Works for You

Choosing a Kids Chore System that Works for You

   How to Establish a Simple Cleaning Routine

How to Establish a Simple Cleaning Routine

   Easy DIY – Children’s Accessory Board

Easy DIY – Children’s Accessory Board

   More Posts

Primary Sidebar

   Rebecca Cooper — Founder, Simple as That Blog

   Hello, I'm Rebecca. Welcome to my blog, Simple as That. Come along as
   we embrace simplicity in crafting, photography, travel, and family
   life. Read more about me.

Newsletter

   Get the latest updates from Simple as That delivered to your inbox.

   Join for Free

   Beyond Snapshots: Mastering the Art of Mobile Photography

Connect

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Follow On Pinterest

   Visit Rebecca - Simple as That Blog's profile on Pinterest.

   Search this website ____________________ Search

Categories

     * Crafts / DIY
     * Holidays
     * Motherhood
     * Organization
     * Photography
     * Printables
     * Recipes
     * Simple Living
     * Travel
     * Wellness

   Our Privacy Policy

Follow on Instagram

     * I don’t know about you but how I WANT to be using my phone and how
       I’m ACTUALLY using can sometimes be at odds. It’s a never-ending,
       imperfect process of searching for a reasonable balance.⁣ ⁣ Phones
       are such an invaluable tool, but they can be an incessant
       distraction – one that instantly take us out of the moment we’re
       in. ⁣ ⁣ When we glance down to see if anyone has commented on an
       Instagram post… When we refresh our email just because… Each of
       those motions yanks us away from whatever is happening right around
       us. ⁣ ⁣ Taking intentional periods of time (whether it’s in the
       middle of my day, my week or my month) to unplug has been essential
       in helping me to focus on what truly matters.⁣ ⁣ Chatting with
       friends and sharing pretty pictures on instagram is fun but time
       spent digitally connected could be better spent developing
       connections with the ones I love. ⁣ ⁣ I’d rather connect with my
       friends, my family, a good book, and the great outdoors than the
       brightly-lit screen in my hand.⁣ It never feels “convenient” to
       disconnect for a time but sometimes it’s just the nudge we need –
       reminding us to soak in the beauty around us and be all there with
       the ones we love. ⁣ ⁣ Who’s up for doing a MORE MINDFUL SOCIAL
       MEDIA CHALLENGE with me?⁣ ⁣ A few friends and I are all planning on
       taking our own version of a break next week, and we’d love for you
       to join us!⁣ ⁣ We can all benefit from breaks from this space every
       now and again, but sometimes we need a little encouragement and
       support to take the plunge. ⁣ ⁣ The goal here is just to remember
       that there’s so much more to our lives than our Instagram feeds,
       and to prioritize being present with the people in front of us.⁣ ⁣
       So I’d love to hear! What helps you work these periods of digital
       disconnection into your routine? I’ve been setting some daily
       screen-time limits for myself and it’s been amazing for me! ⁣
     * The Slow Your Pace Challenge (don’t know what the challenge is?
       Link is in my profile!) kicked off May 1st! So many of you are
       joining me in deliberately slowing down the pace at which we move
       throughout our days and it’s been amazing so far! ⁣ ⁣ Today’s
       challenge prompt is: ⁣ Instead of writing a to-do list, jot down a
       NOT to-do list today.⁣ ⁣ I’m no stranger to lengthy to-do lists.
       The kind that have left me feeling over-extended and overwhelmed. ⁣
       ⁣ We all have a determined number of hours each day. The race to
       try and cram as many things into those hours as possible with the
       hopes of crossing just one more thing off my to-do list isn’t how I
       want to do things anymore.⁣ ⁣ I am learning that what I don’t do is
       just as important as what I’m able to do. ⁣ ⁣ Enter the NOT to-do
       list.⁣ ⁣ A small, very well thought out list of not-to-do’s will
       help you to focus better on what matters most than a lengthy to-do
       list ever will my friend. ⁣ ⁣ I’m chatting more about what exactly
       a NOT to-do list is in my stories today and sharing my NOT to-do
       list for this lovely Thursday.⁣ So tell me...what’s going on your
       NOT to-do list today? #slowyourpacechallenge #lessismore
       #minimalism #simplify #slowliving
     * I used to spend the better part of my days putting out fires,
       racing from one thing to the next, always trying to cross one more
       thing off my to-do list. I was moving through life so quickly that
       I was missing out on life’s smallest joys—the very things that
       mattered most to me. ⁣ ⁣ It started slowly at first. The changes I
       needed to make didn’t happen overnight—and it still takes renewed
       daily commitment. But the little ways I’ve decided to intentionally
       slow my life down have made such a difference.⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣ I’m finding
       pockets of peace throughout my days instead of pushing through,
       like I used to. And I’m prioritizing peace and rest.⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣ If
       you’re struggling with wanting to slow down but don’t quite know
       where to begin, I’ve put together a 30-day challenge to help you!
       Thirty small, practical ways you can start your journey towards
       living at a more deliberate tempo.⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣ I’m sharing more about
       when the challenge will kick off and how it works in my stories!
       It’s free…there’s absolutely no obligation. I’m simply offering you
       these simple suggestions and my support in taking the first steps
       towards living life at a gentler pace.⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣ I’d sure love to have
       you join me! ⁣⁣ #simplify #slowliving #selfcare #minimalism
       #slowyourpacechallenge #lessismore
     * #AD Building lasting connections as a family is harder than ever in
       this digital age. Work, school commitments, and extracurriculars
       have us headed in separate directions on any given weekday. Factor
       in the distractions of technology and it’s so easy to allow
       disconnection to take center stage in our family relationships. ⁣ ⁣
       Finding screen-free ways to bring our family together is a priority
       for me as a mom. I know that setting aside time where we put our
       screens away and make an intentional effort to talk together, play,
       have fun & give each other our undivided attention is so needed.⁣ ⁣
       Getting away from the pressure to respond to a text or check a
       status update allows us to foster stronger family bonds. One simple
       yet effective way we've found to disconnect from our screens and
       reconnect as a family is to play games together. We’re big fans of
       simple games without many pieces so card games are our go-to!
       Playing a quick card game always get the kids laughing and the
       conversation flowing.⁣ ⁣ If you love UNO as much as we do then
       you’ll love this latest version of the classic card game – UNO
       Flip™! We’ve had so much fun together playing it – even the
       teenagers think it’s a blast! The double-sided deck featuring the
       new light and dark sides are so dang cool...but that’s all I’m
       going to say about that! You’ll have to check out the game for
       yourselves to see how fun the creative “flip” in this game really
       is! @Target -> http://bit.ly/2UNvn5p⁣ ⁣ #UNOFlip @uno @mattel
     * Watching my children catch the spirit of family history is a
       bittersweet blessing that’s come since the passing of my sweet
       Grannie. She poured so much time and effort into knowing her
       ancestors and preserving their stories and now it’s our turn.⁣ ⁣
       I’m talking about the experience my girls and I had helping my Mom
       go through my Grannie’s things in the days following her funeral in
       my stories today. Scanning precious photos, sorting boxes full of
       letters and finding precious notes left in her beautiful cursive
       handwriting. It was a tender time for all of us.⁣ ⁣ I came home
       from Canada with a plastic bin full of genealogy research that my
       Grannie had done throughout her life. I’m at a loss of where to
       begin sorting, organizing and documenting everything but I am
       honored to carry on the work that she started.⁣ #familyhistory
       #ancestors #familysearch I shot this short video thanks to all of
       the helpful advice I got from my friend @heathercluffvideo and it
       was so much fun you guys! You all know how much I love preserving
       memories through photos…but video…video just brings all of those
       memories to life in a way photos can’t.⁣ ⁣ I’m determined to get
       better at documenting our family stories through video and am
       excited to play some more! You should check out some of the videos
       Heather has shared in her feed all capturing the everyday stuff
       that makes up our lives…they’re magical! ⁣
     * I’ve been MIA around here lately. I haven’t felt like there’s been
       anything big to share here on Instagram these days, yet I find
       myself in a place of complete contentment in the smallness that is
       this season of my life right now.⁣ ⁣ It hasn’t always been this
       way. Embracing the ordinary, feeling whole in living a slow, quiet
       life wasn’t something I was able to do. ⁣ I’ve fallen into the trap
       of thinking that I needed to “go bigger” or “reach for more” in
       order to be happy many times before. ⁣ I’ve shared some thoughts on
       living the small life in my stories and how I will never, ever
       regret choosing small. And neither will you.⁣ ❤️

   (BUTTON) Don't show this again.

Free 2018 Calendar

   [calendar-popup.jpg]

   Our 2018 calendars, organizational pages and a few other essentials
   have been essential in keeping our home and my life in order and I
   guarantee they will be a help to you too!

   Click here to learn more

   © Simple as That Blog, 2017 · Design by Brian Gardner
   Simple as That Blog

   Facebook / Instagram / Pinterest / Twitter / Contact

   web analytics
