   #clyrago - Atom clyrago - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar

Wednesday, February 23, 2011

let the sun shine in

   [DSC_0220.JPG]
   The desire to go solar is a noble one.  I grew up with solar hot water
   and a chemical engineer as a father.  Back then my earthly conscious
   was not developed.  Now I am a mother of 4, living in the
   environmentally conscious Marin County.  I'd really love to be 100%
   solar to spare the earth of our electric consumption.  Plus it's pretty
   cool.
   Problem, even with rebates and such, we can't afford to install a
   system to cover our high end electric costs.  Plus, my dad advised that
   it would take too long for it to pay for itself.  Solution, LEASING!
   There is a company (solar city) that installs solar for the cost of a
   lease.  It's a 10 year lease including maintenance.  Now, I can't
   imagine that in 10 years that they would come take the panels off of my
   house, but 10 years of green power is 10 years of green power.
   Solar City came out to my house to explain their process.  They handle
   the calculations, system recommendations, engineering, rebates,
   installation, etc.  The lease would net me potentially $20/month
   savings.  Based on our family's consumption we spent approximately
   $90/month.  Our lease would be $70/month and 2/3 of our power would be
   solar.  It would replace our expensive power, leaving our less
   expensive power to come from PG/E.  To replace all of our power, it
   would cost us more than we were paying a month.  Looks like dad was
   right.  To have solar power 100% cover our usage it would cost more
   than we were paying.  Hmmmm.
   We were able to capitalize on all of the rebates being offered and
   Solar City did all of the work.  We just provided 12 months of power
   history and set up automatic withdraw.
   20 months later, this is how I remember it.  My main frustrations were
   that because we were a lease, we were less of a priority than their
   customers paying up front.  There was also a lack of communication in
   between steps.  The person who initially came to my house was no longer
   with their company.  I was told it would be a minimum of 6 months
   before installation due to the economic downturn.  But, I want it now!
    Well, luckily we didn't have to wait so long.  It was kind of like
   Disneyland where they under promise and over deliver.  My last issue
   was that they did not consult us on how they were going over our roof
   and we had to have them come back and paint the conduit black to blend
   in with the roof color. That's it.
   Overages in power produced are put back into our numbers.  We were
   moved to an annual payment and tracking plan.  Our meter was converted
   to digital to enable it to work positive and negatively.  We are sent
   monthly statements.  In summer, sunny months, we have the ability to
   produce more power than we need.  In the grayer months, we consume more
   power.
   We've now got 1 year of history.  Did we save $20/month?  No.  We did
   break even.  We had no problems.  We had a home system plugged in
   tracking our performance.  We successfully replaced lots (a super
   technical term there) of our power with solar at no increased cost to
   us.  Yes, we have panels on our house, but I think they are pretty
   cool.  Oh, and dad originally agreed that this seemed to be a no lose
   proposition.  Looks like Dad is always right.
   Posted by cmomgo at 11:18 PM Links to this post
   Labels: home services, home stuff, solar

Tuesday, September 7, 2010

It's a Breeze-drying that is

   [photo.JPG]
   I have always wanted to have a clothesline to dry clothes on.  It seems
   like such an environmental thing to do.  Sure, lots of people compost,
   but how many do you know that dry their clothes on a line?  How would a
   family of 6 accomplish this?  In the foggy bay area?  With my Extenda 4
   retractable clothesline.  Breezedryer.com is where I found this nifty
   item.
   It is retractable, but I rarely retract it.  It has 4 lines, so I can
   hang tons of clothes, etc on it.  I have conveniently located mine 1/2
   in the direct sun and 1/2 under a covered area.  This is handy because
   I tend to leave my clothes hanging for a few days and they get re-damp
   if left in the open (fog and rain will do that).  It has a crank to
   make it taut and can really hold weight.  All summer long I hung out
   the kids' towels after swimming at the pool.  I didn't want to rewash
   and dry them every day for 5 days in a row of lessons.
   Some keys to my success with this is that it is conveniently located
   near my washer dryer area.  As I said before, part of the area is
   covered.  It does not take up a lot of space.  Mine is mounted over and
   in front of some plants.  It is really a pretty area to "have" to hang
   laundry in.  Also, I can put sweaters on top of all 4 lines to dry them
   without hanging and stretching them.
   My biggest issue is that the jasmine and trumpet vines that are planted
   on the fence behind it like to send their tendrils to the lines to
   grow.  Also, my original one came broken, so I had to swap it out.
   Breeze was a breeze to deal with and I was up and drying in no time.
   I got the wall mount system and had brackets made to extend it from my
   fence.  Another option is to post mount it, of which they also sell the
   posts.  You can get yours or eco-clothes-drying advice/items at
   Breezedryer.com.  Mine was $108.75 + $16.95 for shipping.  Now I want
   the easifold laundry trolley to shuttle my clothes out to the line.
   Posted by cmomgo at 9:13 PM Links to this post
   Labels: clothes

Monday, August 9, 2010

Two-Bushel Wheeled Hamper

   Canvas wheeled basket - 2 bushel
   [1125159116-fullpic.jpg]
   I love this item.  It was originally a stuffed animal holder.  It's
   next life was a skateboard/scooter holder.  It's newest reincarnation
   is a laundry hamper.  So much so, I am designing 2 of them into my
   kids' new bathroom.  Problem...I purchased mine many many years ago
   at The Museum of Useful Things.  They are currently out of stock in
   this lovely item.  Remarkably, the price of $120 hasn't changed over
   the years.  It has been written up in design blogs, maybe this is why
   it isn't available any more.
   Thorough searching led me to industrialhouse.com where they have the
   same looking cart for $182.   I tried to sweet talk my brother into
   selling me his.  He promptly found it on Ebay for $100/+$20 shipping.
   I am going to try calling MUT to see if they have more coming in.  I am
   a loyal customer and love their products.  If they fail me here, Ebay,
   here I come.
   Posted by cmomgo at 11:15 PM Links to this post
   Labels: cart, home stuff, kids

  clyrago: MBT - the anti-shoe

   Update...clyrago: MBT - the anti-shoe
   Even though our local summer isn't producing much heat, my shoes are
   running hot. I don't wear socks in the summer and the shoes have been
   getting sweaty. Well, really, it's my feet getting sweaty, but it
   doesn't help the shoes any. My solution was to look for these in
   sandals. Back to my local shoe shop, I tried the sandals on. Comfy, but
   again $250. Back to my resource of online shopping I went.
   Unfortunately the "cuter" versions were not as deeply discounted as the
   previous style I purchased. That's what I get for shopping with a need,
   in season. 3 weeks of vacation was upcoming the next week. Lots of heat
   and walking. I had to get these. I tried to use Orthosandals as a
   substitute, but they rubbed my feet on top and made owies. So,
   footwearetc.com I went and in less than 2 days I had my sandals. $200
   that I do not regret spending. I have worn them everyday since
   receiving them, walked miles and miles, drove miles and miles and so
   on. This is saying a lot because I don't have a lot of disposable
   income right now. They are worth every penny.

   Posted by cmomgo at 10:41 PM Links to this post

Wednesday, May 12, 2010

The dry cleaning journey - SF Green Clean

   [header_logo_m.gif]
   Yes, I love my products.  I also love my services....  I want tell you
   about SF Green Clean.  I know that some of you are in an area that they
   service.  If you aren't, you can use their resource pages to learn more
   about green dry cleaning.
   I am as picky about our dry cleaners as I am a dentist or doctor.  When
   we moved to Mill Valley, we could not find a local cleaner that pressed
   our shirts in a manner we liked.  We traveled back to our old haunt for
   a couple of years.  Lots of kids later, the time it took to drive for
   dry cleaning became frivolous.  We then switched to a local company
   that delivered for "free".  Their prices were higher, but delivery was
   free.  I LOVED that convenience.
   Then, somewhere I read about SF Green Clean.  Yes, I know we don't live
   in SF anymore.  It never hurts to inquire if they'll be opening a
   branch near you.  It turns out, they were willing to deliver and
   pick-up to Southern Marin.  Woohoo.
   SF Green Clean drives Prius, uses wooden hangers and fabric garment
   bags.  They are truly green with no PERC (see their site for technical
   explanations) and no home waste (no plastic bags or wire hangers).
   They do not bug us for their wooden hangers we've kept in our closet.
   We try to switch out to our own hangers, but don't have enough, so hang
   on to a few of theirs.  They have an online clothes tracker.  I think
   this would be helpful if you couldn't remember what you'd sent to the
   cleaners.  I always had to do a count to make sure the proper amount of
   clothes were coming back to me.  Now I can visit my clothes on-line to
   check on them.  Not that I ever do this... I've become lax in my
   personal clothes tracking.  They also e-mail to schedule delivery
   changes.  This is so helpful because I always forget to change my
   deliveries when I am out of town.  I never have my cleaners phone
   number with me, so e-mail works better for me.
   Originally we had Ted doing our pick-up and deliveries.  I think he was
   the owner or something.  Now we have Christina.  They both make us feel
   like we're special and matter.  Shouldn't we feel this way about
   everywhere we spend our money?  Speaking of money, I've recapped my
   last 2 years' of cleaning bills and our cost looks to have gone down a
   bit.  How cool is that?  I get to use a green business, have happy
   clothes delivered and picked up and save money?  I'll take it, how
   about you?
   Posted by cmomgo at 10:17 AM Links to this post
   Labels: home services

Saturday, May 8, 2010

Rock and roll on - Nirve MP3 Stereo Speakers

   Yes, it has been a while.  We had an appendix issue at the beginning of
   March and then general spring chaos took over.  We are in the throws of
   it, but I couldn't wait to tell you about my new bike accessory.  I saw
   it, searched it, ordered it and am loving it within 24 hours of first
   sight.
   I should start by saying that since the weather is nicer, I've been
   trying to ride my FR8 around town more.  We're running normal "car"
   errands on the bike now.  A trip to the store can be 10-15 minutes each
   way.  Some locations are up hills that I'm not very good at.  Music is
   a huge motivator.  When I am by myself, I can use my headphones.  If #4
   is riding along, I cannot.  This is where the item below comes in...
   The NY Times did a write up.  gear test and I poked around and couldn't
   believe how inexpensive and resourceful MP3 speakers could be for a
   bike.  The Nirve MP3 stereo speakers were well reviewed at most places
   I searched online.
   These speakers are about the size of a padded sunglass case.  They have
   2 velcro attachments to go on a bike's handlebars.  The case has a
   zipper opening and in the bottom section a band to hold your MP3 (or an
   iphone in my case) in place.  There is a plug that goes into the
   headphone port of the MP3.  In the top, there is an on/off switch.  4
   AAA batteries.  That's it.  So simple, yet functional.
   Now, can speakers the size of a sunglass case be heard?  Yes they can.
    I have to make sure my music is not set too loud, because these
   speakers can project further than my local surroundings.
   [photo.jpg] [photo.jpg]
   I found mine at Art's Cyclery .  They were $24.99 with $5 shipping.
   They arrived the next day!  Woohoo.  Their price is pretty consistent
   at other online retailers.  Shipping varies.  The only issue I've had
   is that when I hit big bumps on the road, my iPhone skips to the next
   song.
   Rock on....
   Posted by cmomgo at 3:16 PM Links to this post
   Labels: bike, iPhone

Monday, February 8, 2010

MBT - the anti-shoe

   [WomensShoes-MBTMBTWomensLamiMaryJaneRedSuedeOnSale_medium_image1_32718
   .gif]
   I've meant to watch a dvd that came with my MBTs before I told you
   about them.  When I went to play it today, it didn't work.  Oh well, on
   to the most asked about item I have (even more than my bike)!
   I've been seeing MBTs advertised in magazines for years.  I am also out
   of shape and have had back problems due to lack of core strength (or 4
   kids, not sure which came first).  It took MBT coming out with a
   non-medical looking mary-jane style of shoe in red and it being in my
   local athletic store to consider buying them.  "What?"  "The style that
   I want is discontinued?"  Well, that was my $aving grace (see below).
   According to their website, and probably their DVD, MBTs help you have
   proper alignment when standing and walking.  They engage your core to
   create more strength.
   MBTs are comfortable.  When my back has been tweaked, they make it
   easier for me to walk.  The first week I wore them, muscles hurt that I
   didn't even know existed.  Now, I don't notice aching.  Does this mean
   they aren't working?  I have no idea.  I don't feel "more in shape"
   since I've been wearing them.  What I do know is that they feel good
   when I run around doing what I do.  They're not fancy, but as decent a
   look as any normal tennis shoe.  Online they have some cuter styles.  I
   guess if people saw cute in advertisements, they'd think the MBTs
   wouldn't work as well?
   Footwear etc recommends that you order 1/2 size bigger.  This was true
   for me.  I also have a wide foot, and these are comfortable, even with
   socks.  So, I'm not sure how you'd fare if you had a narrow foot.  They
   are comfortable to stand in, in a way that my Danskos have never been.
    In fact, my Danskos have given me blisters and aches when worn for
   extended periods of time.  My MBTs get a bit stinky when not worn with
   socks.  It would be great if they could combine Geox's ability to
   breathe with these, but oh well for now.
   What was $250 (yes, for a relatively non-cute pair of shoes) in my
   local store, was $99 on-line at footwear etc.  In looking them up
   today, they are up to $130, but it's better than $250.  These came so
   fast.  I ordered them in the afternoon one day and they came the next
   morning from their east-bay distribution center.  Amazing service.  No
   tax or shipping.  Normally they don't take returns, but do for MBTs.
   Update....

   Update:  Even though our local summer isn't producing much heat, my
   shoes are running hot.  I don't wear socks in the summer and the shoes
   have been getting sweaty.  Well, really, it's my feet getting sweaty,
   but it doesn't help the shoes any.  My solution was to look for these
   in sandals.  Back to my local shoe shop, I tried the sandals on.
   Comfy, but again $250.   Back to my resource of online shopping I went.
    Unfortunately the "cuter" versions were not as deeply discounted as
   the previous style I purchased.  That's what I get for shopping with a
   need, in season.  3 weeks of vacation was upcoming the next week.  Lots
   of heat and walking.  I had to get these.  I tried to use Orthosandals
   as a substitute, but they rubbed my feet on top and made owies.
   So, footwearetc.com I went and in less than 2 days I had my sandals.
   $200 that I do not regret spending.  I have worn them everyday since
   receiving them, walked miles and miles, drove miles and miles and so
   on.  This is saying a lot because I don't have a lot of disposable
   income right now.  They are worth every penny.
   Posted by cmomgo at 2:08 PM Links to this post
   Labels: shoes

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

clyrago

   This begins the journey of sharing. Sharing my favorite products'
   where, why and how much. Products related to kids, camping, small
   spaces, home and anything that proves itself useful in my life. Most
   items are chosen for function, not all are economical. The one constant
   is that it is something that I love and others have shown interest.

About Me

   My photo

   cmomgo
          Southern Marin, CA
          mom to 4 awesome kids in 1200 sq feet of living space

   View my complete profile

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2011 (1)
          + ▼  February (1)
               o let the sun shine in

     * ►  2010 (9)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  August (2)
          + ►  May (2)
          + ►  February (1)
          + ►  January (3)

     * ►  2009 (6)
          + ►  December (2)
          + ►  November (4)

My Blog List

     * [icon18_wrench_allbkg.png]
       Fed Up: School Lunch Project
       new youtube channel with wordless life skills & recipes
       7 months ago
     * [icon18_wrench_allbkg.png]
       Bakfiets en meer
       WorkCycles Fr8 “Massive Rack”
       2 years ago
     * [icon18_wrench_allbkg.png]
       The Nourishing Gourmet
       3 Reasons I Limit the Time My Kids are on Smartphones
       3 years ago
     * [icon18_wrench_allbkg.png]
       Samantha Smith Productions
       Naked Kitchen SF
       4 years ago
     * [icon18_wrench_allbkg.png]
       you're the best mom i ever had
       I wish I didn't care so much
       7 years ago
     * [icon18_wrench_allbkg.png]
       *Drucker's World*
       Week 11 - 1 new and 1 old
       8 years ago
     * [icon18_wrench_allbkg.png]
       ReusableBags Blog
       Our blog has moved!
       8 years ago
     * [icon18_wrench_allbkg.png]
       *mom go green*
       the story of cosmetics
       9 years ago

Followers

   blogger hit counter

Labels

     * bike
     * camping
     * cart
     * clothes
     * drink
     * farmers' market
     * food
     * home services
     * home stuff
     * iPhone
     * jewelry
     * kids
     * lunch
     * shoes
     * solar
     * toys

Subscribe To clyrago

   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments
