   #White Wolf - Atom White Wolf - RSS

     * Home
     * CATEGORIES
     * ARCHIVES

   Tuesday

Puppy found alive in rubble one month after Hurricane Dorian hit the Bahamas

   Rescuers say they found a puppy alive in the rubble of a collapsed
   building, one month after Hurricane Dorian ravaged parts of the
   Bahamas.
   Members of Big Dog Ranch Rescue found the dog, now named "Miracle," on
   Friday in Marsh Harbour using infrared detection from a drone, the
   organization's spokesman Chase Scott told CNN.
   Scott said that Miracle was nearly crushed to death after a building
   collapsed, trapping him under broken glass, an air conditioning unit
   and building debris.
   The 1-year-old mixed breed had been surviving only on rainwater, and
   was "skeleton thin and unable to walk," Scott said. Despite his dire
   condition, Miracle greeted rescuers with a wagging tail.
   Scott said they're providing the pup with medical and emotional
   support, and are hoping for a full recovery.
   "Seeing this poor little darling dog just trapped underneath there and
   thinking about how hard he fought to stay alive,'' Lauree Simmons, the
   founder and president of Big Dog Ranch Rescue, told Kerry Sanders on
   TODAY Monday.
   [ScreenShot12335.jpg]
   "We had Miracle in our arms within two hours of him being rescued."
   Miracle, who was found on Friday, is believed to have survived by
   drinking rain water while trapped for about three weeks, according to
   Simmons.
   "Miracle will be up for adoption following recovery, unless his owners
   claim him," said Scott. "We have reunited some families who lost
   everything with their pets who they thought had died or were separated
   from them during evacuation and it gives them new hope."
   [ScreenShot12336.jpg]
   Hurricane Dorian struck the Bahamas in early September, killing dozens
   of people and leaving hundreds of others missing. Mass evacuations
   resulted in countless animals being abandoned. So far, Big Dog Ranch
   Rescue has saved 139 dogs.
   Source
   VIDEO

        IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/1tKGcX2eab4?controls=0

   dog
   Monday

Broken dog can’t stop smiling after he realizes he’s being rescued

   Animal rescuers have seen animals in the most appalling conditions
   imaginable and always do their best at nurturing them back to life.
   However, even those who have seen it all sometimes get shocked by
   certain instances of animal mistreatment. Yet they don’t get
   discouraged from doing their job, because there’s nothing more
   rewarding than seeing those cats and dogs recovering from all
   adversities, healing and finding forever homes. One instance just like
   that made the employees of Dallas DogRRR proud to see how the hard work
   they do pays off.
   The animal rescue group Dallas Dog RRR has showed how the life of a
   mistreated dog was changed by being rescued
   Recently, the animal rescue group Dallas DogRRR shared the story of a
   badly mistreated dog named Sanford. After the unfortunate canine was
   found by animal control employees, he was put in a municipal shelter
   where he was kept for a whole week without any medical assistance that
   he so desperately needed.
   When Dallas DogRRR employees first met Sanford, they described him as
   ‘broken’. As it turned out, not only did the dog suffer injuries
   sustained after he was hit by a car, he was also shot and carried a
   bullet in his body for a while.
   The badly injured animal couldn’t even walk and was kept in a shelter
   waiting for his turn to be put down. The organization described his
   situation as ‘absolutely sickening’ and vowed to save him. “We can’t
   imagine the pain he has been in, but we’re going to try to help him,”
   they wrote.
   [ScreenShot12334.jpg]
   Once Sanford was checked by a vet, it turned out that he doesn’t have
   any life-threatening injuries. However, just by looking at his face,
   you could see that 10-year-old Sanford has been through a lot in his
   life.
   Although things have changed dramatically once he was treated and taken
   to his new foster mom, Karen Velazquez. Since the moment Sanford
   entered her home, he realized that he’s finally in a safe place and
   couldn’t be happier about it! Velazquez told: ‘He has been all smiles
   ever since. I think the minute he came to my home, he realized he was
   in a safe place’.
   [ScreenShot12326.jpg]
   However, Sanford’s story isn’t over yet, the senior is waiting for his
   forever home. ‘He’ll be a great family dog. He’ll get along with other
   dogs and all humans. He even does well with kids,” the executive
   director of Dallas DogRRR told
   Source
   [ScreenShot12327.jpg]
   [ScreenShot12328.jpg]
   [ScreenShot12329.jpg]
   [ScreenShot12330.jpg]
   [ScreenShot12331.jpg]
   [ScreenShot12332.jpg]
   [ScreenShot12333.jpg]
   dog
   Thursday

First wolf sighted in Belgium in 100 years was likely shot with her pups

   Hunters have shot dead Belgium’s first wild wolf in more than a
   century, conservationist groups monitoring the resurgent species have
   said. Naya, a she-wolf, has been missing since May.
   Scientists and associations watching her since she was first spotted in
   Belgium in January 2018 fear the worst. Her male companion August is
   now exhibiting signs of being a lone wolf once more, experts said. Naya
   was pregnant when she was last seen in May on one of the 60 wildlife
   cameras set up in rural Limburg, close to the Dutch border.
   “I am 100 percent sure that Naya was shot. It is the only plausible
   explanation," said Sil Janssen, of the Natuurhulpcentrum animal shelter
   in Oudsbergen, which is in the eastern Flemish region that Naya made
   her territory.
   “Hunters have free rein in the area,” Mr Janssen told the Het
   Nieuwsblad newspaper. “They may hunt wild boars there, but if they
   suddenly have a wolf in front of them, they will not hesitate. "
   Hubertus Vereniging Vlaanderen, a Flemish hunting association, demanded
   Mr Jannssen provide evidence or take back the accusation. If proved,
   Naya would be the first wolf killed by hunters in Belgium since 1897,
   122 years ago.
   “This is pure suspicion and an attempt to blacken an entire sector
   without having the necessary material evidence. Has he seen remains?”,
   said Geert Van den Bosch, director of the association.
   [ScreenShot12319.jpg]
   “Does he know the name of the so-called perpetrator? If he has it, he
   must report it as a criminal offence and await the results of a
   possible investigation."
   Jan Loos, of WelkomWolf (Welcome Wolf), said that hunters were to blame
   for Naya’s suspected death.
   “I've had phone calls and voice messages in which hunters were
   threatening to kill them. They literally announced it,” he told the Het
   Laatste Nieuws newspaper.
   “August [Naya's mate] is still visible but his behavior has changed. He
   hunts less, walks in different directions. It is clear that he no
   longer has to deal with his partner or his children . "
   Mr Loos added, “Every day we hear nothing from her, it increases the
   chance that she is no longer alive. If she is dead, we will not have to
   look far for the cause." Mr Jannssen said that wolves do not die in
   childbirth or move away from their territory once they have cubs. He
   said that if Naya had been hit by a car, the conservationists would
   have found out by now.
   [ScreenShot12320.jpg]
   “I can't prove she was shot, but you don't have to be clairvoyant to
   see that," he said, “the other scenarios are not really an option.”
   Belgium’s Nature and Forest agency has not confirmed Naya’s death. No
   body has been found and the agency continues to investigate her
   disappearance.
   "We have no news about Naya, but we will meet with the parties involved
   next week," said Jelle De Wilde, of the agency.
   Naya made international headlines in 2018 when she travelled 310 miles
   in ten days from Germany, through the Netherlands and into eastern
   Belgium. Until then, Belgium was the only country in continental Europe
   to have not reported a wild wolf sighting, environmental group
   Landschap said at the time.
   Wolves disappeared from most of Western Europe from the beginning of
   the 20th century because of hunting, growing cities and
   industrialisation but are now recolonising the continent.
   Source
    VIDEO

        IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/5LmmGq7HRLM?controls=0

   wolves
   Wednesday

Washington Gov. is asking state wildlife officials to significantly reduce
the killing of wolves

   Washington Gov. Jay Inslee is asking state wildlife officials to
   “significantly reduce” the killing of wolves involved in livestock
   conflicts. In a letter to Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife
   Director Kelly Susewind, Inslee asked that the state increase efforts
   to change guidelines that dictate when a wolf can be lethally removed.
   “We must find new methods to better support the coexistence between
   Washington’s livestock industry and gray wolves in our state. The
   status quo of annual lethal removal is simply unacceptable,” Inslee
   wrote.
   Right now, the state can lethally remove wolves after they’ve
   repeatedly killed livestock. The department says this is an attempt to
   change pack behavior. They must confirm at least three wolf
   depredations from the pack on livestock within 30 days or four within
   10 months.
   Livestock owners have to show that they’ve tried other methods to keep
   wolves away, such as deploying range riders, using lights or noise to
   scare wolves, or bright flags with electric fencing.
   In his letter, Inslee asked the department to increase these types of
   non-lethal measures and to work with public land managers to change
   “allotment policies for public lands that are prime wolf habitat.”
   In particular, Inslee called out actions taken in the Kettle Mountain
   Range in Ferry County, where many of the wolves are concentrated in
   northeastern Washington. Wolf-livestock conflict has proven
   controversial in the area, where the majority of wolves in the state
   are located.
   [ScreenShot12316.jpg]
   Inslee wrote that management actions have “resulted in public concern
   and outrage.”
   Last June, the Center for Biological Diversity, sent a letter to Inslee
   asking that he revise the way the state manages wolf-livestock
   conflicts.
   Earlier this summer, four wolves in the Old Profanity Territory pack
   were killed in northeastern Washington, hours before a court hearing
   was to decide their fate.
   In August, WDFW’s Kelly Susewind authorized the lethal removal of the
   two remaining wolves in the Togo pack. Neither wolf had been killed as
   of Sept. 27.
   Most recently, Susewind authorized the incremental lethal removal of
   the Grouse Flats pack in southeastern Washington. The lethal removal
   will be evaluated after a certain time to see if the pack’s behavior
   has changed. In an emailed statement, Conservation Northwest Executive
   Director Mitch Friedman said there is more work needed in northeastern
   Washington’s Kettle Mountain Range. The group works with some livestock
   producers in the region.
   [ScreenShot12317.jpg]
   “Incidents of wolf lethal removal remain very low in Washington
   compared to other states even as our wolf population continues to grow
   and expand its range,” Friedman said.
   Defenders of Wildlife applauded the governor for “pushing back against
   the status quo,” urging the state to act quickly. “We can’t turn a
   blind eye to avoidable conflicts that lead to the continued lethal
   removal of wolves and expect a different result,” said Quinn Read,
   northwest program director for Defenders of Wildlife.
   Wolves are protected under state rules in the eastern third of
   Washington. They are protected under the federal endangered species
   list in the western two-thirds of the state. Since 2008, Washington’s
   wolf population has grown by 28 percent each year, according to the
   Department of Fish and Wildlife. Most recent counts show there are at
   least 126 individual wolves, which includes wolves in packs and those
   out looking for a mate. The individual wolves make up at least 27 packs
   and 15 successful breeding pairs in the state.
   Inslee had previously opposed the Trump administration’s plan to remove
   gray wolves from the federal endangered species list. That view also
   broke from Susewind’s opinion. He previously called the decision to
   federally delist the gray wolves “appropriate and timely.”
   The state is developing a gray wolf post-recovery plan to figure out
   how to manage wolves once they are federally delisted.
   Source
   [ScreenShot12318.jpg]
   wolves
   Sunday

Hero Dog Sacrifices Himself To Save His Entire Family From Fire

   A Jack Russell Terrier from Florida is being hailed a hero after he
   saved his entire family from a house fire before dying before he could
   be rescued.
   Early Tuesday morning, Bradenton resident Leroy Butler's home caught on
   fire around 2am at 15th East Street. Butler told WTSP: 'By the grace of
   God we all made it out,' Butler said. The fire didn't spare much. 'I
   took a look up at the ceiling, and the ceiling is engulfed in flames.'
   Butler had been living in the home for 18 years when flames began to
   form in the attic near the air conditioner. At the time, Butler, his
   father and his two young children, ages eight and 12, were inside the
   home. Butler told WTSP that the home's fire alarm sounded, but quickly
   failed. It was Zippy that began barking and didn't stop barking until
   the family was awake.
   'He was a part of the fire alarm, he was barking,' Butler said. 'We
   just made it out the door while everything was collapsing, with a big
   plume of black smoke fire was everywhere.'
   Butler and his family made it out safely, but he couldn't get to Zippy
   when he tried to go back in for the little hero.
   'We made it out just in time. It went "poom" and when I turn around,
   I'm making them run, and I go to get the dog,' he told ABC News.
   [ScreenShot12310.jpg]
   'I just get all this black smoke and ‘poom’ - all in my mouth, and all
   in my face. I was like "ok, I gotta turn around. It's too hot and I
   gotta get out of here".'
   Butler told Fox 13 that Zippy's small body couldn't get past the large
   flames.
   He said: 'The floor in the living room was all on fire so there was
   nowhere for him to run out. Even if the smoke was this high. He was a
   short little dog. There was nowhere for him to go.' Zippy was adopted
   by Butlers father at the Humane Society of Manatee County for two
   children.
   [ScreenShot12311.jpg]
   'He was a good dog. He did his job, we rescued him, and I guess he
   returned the favor,' Butler told WTSP. Zippy was reportedly found after
   the fire hiding under a bed inside the home.
    Source
   VIDEO

        IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ci6isfpC4bM?controls=0

   dog
   Older Posts →

Stats

Archives

   [Archives_______]

Pages

     * Home

   Loading...

                            White Wolf on Twitter

Google Friend Followers

                                [1z1cqw4.gif]

   Copyright © 2011 White Wolf .
