    #Atom RSS 2.0

Eat Drink Chic

   Advertise on Eat Drink Chic

   COPYRIGHT

   Website design and all post layouts are © Amy Moss for Eat Drink Chic.
   You are welcome to share as long as you credit and link back to the
   original post and/or eatdrinkchic.com.

   If you see an image on this site that has been credited incorrectly or
   you wish for your image to be removed, please contact me.

   DISCLOSURE

   Some posts contain affiliate links. The small commission I receive on
   these helps to keep this site running. However, I only ever link to
   products that are consistent with my personal taste and the Eat Drink
   Chic aesthetic.
     * HOME
     * ABOUT
     * ADVERTISE
     * PRESS
     * TOPICS
     * SUBSCRIBE
     * DIY + FREEBIES
     * CONTACT

   Amy Moss

Hello

   My name is Amy Moss. I'm a graphic designer obsessed with cute and
   colourful details for parties, weddings, entertaining, fashion, gifts,
   the home and everyday life…

   READ MORE...

Follow

   Twitter Pinterest
   Facebook RSS
   Instagram Tumblr

Email Updates

   ____________________ Submit
   D.I.Y and Freebies

Categories

     * Bits of Happy
     * Christmas
     * DIY and Freebies
     * Entertaining
     * Fashion
     * Gifts
     * Holidays
     * Home Decor
     * Mixed Bag
     * Moody Hues
     * Parties
     * Stationery
     * Storytelling
     * Sukie
     * Weddings

   MORE...

Blogroll

     * 100 layer cake
     * cannelle et vanille
     * creature comforts
     * daydream lily
     * decor8
     * designlovefest
     * design*sponge
     * design work life
     * elephantine
     * follow studio
     * graphic exchange
     * jonathan ong
     * kinfolk
     * mini eco
     * oh happy day
     * oh joy
     * sunday suppers
     * the design files
     * what katie ate
     * wit + delight

   MORE...

Search

   ____________________ Submit

Roksanda Resort 2016 | June 23, 2015

   The colourful, geometric / graphic awesomeness of Roksanda Resort 2016.
   Check out more pics here!

   ( photos: style.com )
   XO
   1621
   posted under: Fashion
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Mod Pieces Vintage Lamp Bases- Sale! | June 20, 2015

   If you have a thing for vintage lamps, you might want to check out the
   eclectic collection of bases which are currently on sale at Mod Pieces.
   Hurry up though, 40% off sale ends June 21st!! I kinda want them all...
   XO
   736
   posted under: Home Décor, Vintage Style
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Party Mix... | June 18, 2015


   This summer I'm loving...

   one | two | three | four | five | six | seven | eight
   XO
   500
   posted under: Entertaining, Parties, Party Mix, Tableware
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Plum and Ashby | June 17, 2015

   San Francisco is meant to be one of the most dog-friendly cities in the
   world.

   And in many cases, it is.

   I've witnessed many a dog casually wander into a boutique with their
   owner- sometimes even cafes and house inspections! A stroll on 24th St
   in Noe Valley any given Sunday morning will deliver the frequent canine
   encounter.  Outside the Farmer's Market a multitude of panting pups
   eagerly await their owners who are picking up their fresh produce for
   the week. And, of course, beautiful dog parks abound and are usually
   rife with activity.

   The city is seemingly perfect for us and our massively spoilt furkid,
   Sukie.

   The only way San Francico kinda misses the mark on the dog front is
   their rental property policies. Many properties will claim that they
   are dog-friendly. It's the usual riff- "We love dogs!"  which will then
   be followed by these oh so-common caveats- "Small dogs only", "Pets
   have to be under 40 lbs", or "No 'aggressive' breeds".  Sometimes
   you'll simply get a long and, oftentimes, baffling list of strictly
   forbidden breeds.  I mean, Dalmations? Really?

   Considering the overt fido-friendliness of this town, the vast
   challenges we face as owners of a large dog of mixed breed seem
   strikingly incommensurate. :(

   *Sigh*

   BUT... we are slowly and steadily navigating these confusing new waters
   and will hopefully secure our next home in this city soon. Fingers
   crossed!!

   So, enough with the griping and onto happier pooch-related matters!
   Here's an adorable find for all the dog lovers out there...

   Plum and Ashby is a stunning UK-based home accessories brand by Vicky
   White. I'm simply loving the products inspired by her gorgeous pup
   Bertie- especially the ceramics! Way to combine perhaps my two
   favourite things in the world- homewares and dogs!

   Take a gander at the whole collection here.

   ( photos: Plum and Ashby )
   XO
   347
   posted under: Gift Ideas, Home Décor, Pet Chic, San Francisco, Sukie
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Party Mix... | June 11, 2015

   So apparently this is Summer in San Francisco, huh? It's a bit hit n'
   miss in terms of the California sunshine we've heard so much about!
   I'm hoping, however, that whatever the season and wherever you may be,
   these colourful finds will put you in a Summer party mood! :)

   flowers | napkins | cake stand | bowl | pillow | dress | platter |
   party horns | elephant candle
   XO
   220
   posted under: Entertaining, Fashion, Home Décor, Parties, Party Mix,
   Tableware
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Kinda Big News, Ok- HUGE... | June 11, 2015

   So, about a month ago Mark and I, along with our dog Sukie, packed up
   all our belongings and moved to California!

   Yep.

   Cos, you know, we hadn't done anything CRAZY recently and needed to
   fill out quota.

   The whole process started about 7 months ago and it's been one
   giganormous rollercoaster ride ever since. The short of it is this:
   Mark was offered a job at Google in San Francisco!!

   GOOGLE!!!

   So, we left our extremely comfortable, happy and, let's face it,
   SPOILED ROTTEN existence in our hometown Melbourne, Australia and
   hi-tailed it all the way to the USA. The Bay Area is no joke. Property
   and rent prices are sky high as masses of people trying to squeeze into
   an already high density, tech-frenzied, fast-paced town. NOTHING here
   is easy. But when Google calls, you come running!! And we did.

   To say that this whole process has been a challenge is the
   understatement of the millenium. We've been through every headache from
   trying to apply for work VISAs to working out where we're going to be
   buy our underwear from now on.

   But I won't get into all of the craziness now, at least not yet. Let's
   just say that, despite the monster challenges we continue to face, this
   is possibly the most exciting adventure we've ever been on and totally
   worth the blood sweat and tears!

   Mark and I have moved into a temporary Airbnb for a couple of months in
   a very, very cute suburb of SF.  We're still exploring, still learning
   lots and still getting our bearings...

   Thankfully, Jordan, of Oh Happy Day, has been an absolute godsend!! She
   has been so welcoming- showing us around all the awesomeness of SF,
   inviting us to a dinner party, helping us get settled. That's Jordan in
   the pic with the gorgeous flowers- I'm sure you recognise her little
   red Fiat! (Photo taken by Paul Ferney). I simply had to get her a gift
   for being so awesome (bottom left).

   Amazingly our super-anxious rescue pup Sukie has settled in extremely
   well. She used to be an absolute wreck when it came to any slight
   change of routine but she has adapted so quickly and easily to this
   whole new life!! Admittedly, faster than I have!!! She even had to
   endure a 14 hour flight in air freight and she used to be terrified of
   confined spaces! She was in a bit of a daze and slightly traumatized
   after the ordeal, but she recovered quickly! She's LOVING exploring her
   new backyard in our current rental and dozing in the California
   sunshine- when it actually bothers to make an appearance, that is. (The
   pic of her in the grass was perfectly captured by Mark).

   Also, I would be remiss if I didn't make a note of just how proud I am
   of Mark for getting this amazing job at Google. He went through a
   particularly gruelling interview process and successfully made it to
   the other side! Even more impressive is that he's been so great at
   navigating this whole process of moving to an entirely different
   country- which is no small feat! He's provided us with such a wonderful
   opportunity and I'm so incredibly grateful!!

   We've been living in a constant state of transition for the last 7
   months. The continual uncertainty has been a huge challenge for us at
   times- we don't know what's going to happen next or where we'll be
   living (our lease runs out in a couple of weeks and we still haven't
   lined up our next place!!), but at the end of the day, it's all just
   part of this INSANE adventure. We don't know what the future will
   bring... but, in some strange way, that's actually part of the fun.

   Finally, apologies for being away from this blog for so long. It has
   been an overwhelming experience and I do have a tendency to retreat
   when things get too much... I do, however, want to document this whole
   crazy ride here. So much to tell you....

   Hopefully, back with more news soon!

   Toodles! :)
   XO
   608
   posted under: San Francisco, storytelling, Sukie, Travel
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

New Printable Holiday Gift Tags in the shop | December 16, 2014

   Only a week or so to go! Usually around this time the panic starts to
   set in. Thankfully, I'm a bit more organised with my Christmas prep
   this year! I have to admit, however, I am fast slipping into a 'Holiday
   Daze'. I'm finding it increasingly hard to think straight...

   Despite this condition, I have managed to pop another gift tag
   printable up in my shop!

   Add a burst of bright colour to your holiday projects- gifts,
   table-settings, you name it- with these 'painterly' tags. I've actually
   supplied three variations within the one PDF- "Joyeux Noel", "Noel" and
   "Happy Holidays". Just $2 (USD) for the digital file. Print as many
   times as you like!

   Grab your printables right here!
   XO
   1279
   posted under: Christmas, Entertaining, Gift Ideas, Holidays, Shop,
   Stationery
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

NEW Printable Watermelon Gift Tags in the shop... | December 11, 2014

   Are we over watermelons yet? I hope not, cos I'm kinda in love with
   these little cuties that I've created for the shop. I actually think
   the colours are kinda appropriate for the festive season. Just $2 (USD)
   for the digital PDF that you can print as many times as you like!

   Grab your watermelon gift tag printables here!
   XO
   593
   posted under: Christmas, Gift Ideas, Holidays, Parties, Shop,
   Stationery
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Free Printable Toucans | December 03, 2014

   Adore Home magazine recently asked me to create a festive holiday
   project for their annual printed issue and so I designed these mini
   toucan printables!  They make cute place-setting cards for
   tropical-themed summer luncheons, gift tags or even tree decorations
   for the festive season!

   You can check out the full project with instructions in the gorgeous
   Adore Home annual printed issue available here or in select
   newsagencies across Australia.

   (photo: Adore Home)

   Download the free printable right here!
   XO
   226
   posted under: Blog Stuff, Do It Yourself, Entertaining, Free Stuff,
   Gift Ideas, Holidays, Parties
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Eat Drink Chic - The Shop | December 01, 2014

   The very popular “Sweet New Year" Calendar has been updated for 2015
   and is now available for download in my Etsy shop. That's right, I've
   opened up a shop!! Nothing too fancy yet, just a couple of printables
   available including a bright and colourful Happy Xmas card.

   The shop is very much a work in progress at the moment, but I hope to
   fill it up, bit by bit, as time goes on. Would love to hear your
   thoughts on what you'd love to see there in the future! Greatly
   appreciate your feedback :)

   Check out my brand new shop right here!
   XO
   558
   posted under: Christmas, Gift Ideas, Holidays, Shop, Stationery
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Holiday Ornaments | November 12, 2014

   Here's a quick round-up of some of my favourite holiday ornaments that
   I've come across so far this year...

   'Face Paint' paper ornaments from Kate Spade Saturday.

   Elegant, geometric brass ornaments from Kristina Krogh.

   Letterpress paper ornaments from Banquet.

   Polygon ornaments from Land of Nod.
   XO
   436
   posted under: Christmas, Holidays, Home Décor
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Mixed Bag... | November 10, 2014

   So, my weekend ended up being unexpectedly eventful. Among the
   highlights was some shopping and a yummy lunch at Mighty Boy Eatery, a
   trip to the Melbourne Design Market at Fed Square, a slow perusal of
   the awesome books at Metropolis Bookshop, some homemade dumplings from
   a stall at the Sunday Market at The Arts Centre and a brief stop at the
   NGV to see the supremely colourful and kooky "Express Yourself"
   exhibition by Romance was Born. How was your weekend?

   cushion | lamp | ring | ceramic herb markers | outfit | cup | table |
   face mirror | scarf | bow tie
   XO
   170
   posted under: Fashion, Gift Ideas, Home Décor, Jewellery, Melbourne
   Chic
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Stephen Baker | November 05, 2014

   Discovered on one of my wayward excursions on Instagram- the works of
   Melbourne artist Stephen Baker. Awesome.
   XO
   164
   posted under: Artwork, Melbourne Chic
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Mixed Bag of Curiosities... | November 05, 2014

   Cute, quirky colourful curiosities. Perhaps unique gifts or treasures
   for your own collections...

   evil eye | toy police cruiser | soap |  stickers | beaded
   doll | crescent moon | vase | lemon card | kids shoes | slug
   XO
   1123
   posted under: Christmas, Gift Ideas, Home Décor, Kids
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Starting Early | November 03, 2014

   It's always around this time of year that I start to get excited about
   the impending craziness that is the holiday season. Each year I make
   these utterly gargantuan plans.  “It's gonna be so friggin' AWESOME!” I
   say to myself as I begin crafting a mile-long list of ideas for
   decorations, gifts, wrapping and design projects- getting myself all
   hot and bothered in the anticipation of seeing each idea come to
   fruition.

   It's about this time of year that I basically start setting myself up
   for the biggest disappointment ever.

   I usually get so overwhelmed in the planning that hardly any of my
   ideas see the light of day. All my gift shopping ends up
   last-minute-week-before; dashing all hope to find or make gifts that
   are thoughtful and unique.

   This year I pray that I've learned from my past mistakes but, in all
   honesty, over the last month or so the extravagance of my daydreaming
   has hit new bounds. I have to remind myself: Keep it simple. Don't be
   over-ambitious. Set your mind on only a handful of achievable projects.

   The good news is, however, I have started my Christmas gift hunting
   early this year! If you're a bit of a creative nut like me, I would
   highly recommend this strategy! Especially when you're as
   details-oriented as I am.

   Anyway, during this season, I hope to share many of my finds with you
   on this blog. Perhaps it will inspire you to start early too. Here's
   the first round...

   kids sweater | mortar and pestle | clutch | tea | card | tray

   Ok, so it's actually the gorgeous packaging that sold me on the
   Flutterby range of teas from T2. I have, however, sampled both flavours
   and they are really tasty! I particularly like the Flutterby Kisses
   fruit tisane. The great thing is that the label peels off easily so
   that when the tea is finished you can re-use the pretty tin to store
   other teas!

   Finally, how stunning is this box set of copper patterned notecards?!
   XO
   305
   posted under: Christmas, Fashion, Gift Ideas, Holidays, Kids,
   Kitchenware, Stationery
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Mixed Bag... | November 02, 2014

   Hope everyone had a happy weekend! Here's a jumble of colourful goodies
   to kick-start the week...

   lamp | tree decoration | artwork | clutch | cat candle | vase |
   eyewear (via) | shoes (via)
   XO
   531
   posted under: Artwork, Christmas, Fashion, Home Décor, Mixed Bag
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Where the Pretty Things Come From... | October 09, 2014

   I make a lousy house-wife.

   I have a very limited repertoire of dishes that I can cook and invest
   very little time in improving my culinary skills.

   Also, I think I'm allergic to manual labour. Whenever I clean the house
   I fly into a tiny rage that elicits a stream of unladylike cursing and
   a tendency to snap at unfortunate bystanders.

   We have no children (bar a fur-child). In fact, having a child seems
   like the scariest thing in the world to me and I often wonder what all
   the fuss is about.

   Instead, I spend my days obsessively nurturing a slightly unorthodox
   lifestyle- one where I provide a kind of nourishment through art and
   design rather than homemade lasagne. I litter our home with colourful
   and, oftentimes, childish knick knacks and plan the aesthetics of
   dinner parties with infinitesimal detail.

   I struggle daily with trying to eke a living from a creative existence.
   And in the process, I've converted our living/dining room into, what
   appears to be, a messy snapshot of my brain. Piles of colourful props
   and remnants of paper, twine, glitter and sequins are constantly
   scattered across our dining table. Bright pink IKEA boxes line the
   walls in my attempt to curb the ever-expanding chaos.

   And yet, despite lacklustre domestic skills, the ostensibly frivolous
   nature of my interests and a creative anarchy that threatens to consume
   us whole, my husband still loves me (!) and seems genuinely in awe of
   what I do. He says I make this house a home, albeit, in my own peculiar
   way.

   For me, collecting, composing and making pretty things is the only
   truly successful way I've learned how to communicate myself to the
   world. Where others are articulate, social creatures who use themselves
   as a canvas to express their art, I prefer to hide behind these things
   that I make. It's just who I am, and with all the faults and
   limitations it presents in the real world, I am slowly learning to
   accept and even embrace it.

   I seem to be creating this home, and this blog, in an effort to
   communicate only the beautiful parts within me and, perhaps, with a
   belief that somehow this will banish the wealth of darker, messier and
   far less glamorous traits; to show others that although I may verbally
   stumble through a sentence or carry myself hesitantly, averting my gaze
   and swerving from the reach of friendly strangers, that there is
   something in this world I am capable of contributing... however tiny
   and frivolous it may seem.

   Thanks for listening :)

   P.S. I am attempting to spend a bit more time over at Instagram
   lately.... Please follow me if you're interested in keeping up with the
   visual frivolity!
   XO
   697
   posted under: Bits of Happy, Blog Stuff, Our Home, storytelling, Sukie
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Vote for me! | August 27, 2014

   So, in a kind of awesome and somewhat surreal turn of events, I've been
   nominated for this year's Cosmopolitan Magazine 'Fun Fearless Female'
   Award in the Social Media category.

   Admittedly, I was a little nervous about how to approach this post. I'm
   generally not one for the blatant 'Vote for me!' spiel. However, I
   think this nomination is actually pretty darn cool so, to heck with
   with subtlety- 'Vote for me!!' (please).

   I'll love you forever.

   Also, make sure to take a gander at all of this year's 80 amazing
   nominees! Voting closes on September 15. (EDIT Aug 28: You can vote up
   to three times per day!)

   And thanks to Cosmo for the nomination! I'm exceedingly flattered. :)
   XO
   399
   posted under: Blog Stuff, storytelling
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Styling the Acrylic Tray from West Elm | July 29, 2014

   When West Elm recently sent me their clear, rectangle acrylic tray and
   asked me how I would style it, my mind was flush with all the
   possibilies! I've secretly had my eye on it for awhile so was thrilled
   when presented with the opportunity. I love mixing different materials
   when I style and as the decor in our home is predominantly wood and
   ceramic, the clear acrylic adds a wonderful new element to the mix.

   My first thought was that it would be great as a drinks tray, perfect
   to accommodate my brand new acrylic Baci Milano champagne flutes (a
   recent purchase from Terrace Outdoor Living) and also my growing spoon
   and stirrer collection. I added a festive touch with colourful pom poms
   from Fenton and Fenton.

   Secondly, I'm hopelessly addicted to collecting pretty stationery
   items, (some, admittedly, that I never actually use but just like to
   gawk at!) and the clear tray provides a beautiful way to display some
   of my favourites.

   Finally, I had an idea to simply use the tray to stack large
   coffee-table books. I think it creates a nice alternative to bookends
   without blocking view of them and it also neatly separates them from
   other styled elements on display on a sideboard.

   Think of any other creative uses? Let me know!
   XO
   779
   posted under: Entertaining, Happy Workspace, Home Décor, Parties,
   Stationery
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:

Teil Duncan | June 16, 2014

   The gorgeous colours, the brilliant compositions... lots to love about
   the Beaches series by Teil Duncan. Although most are of her artworks
   are already sold, I thought I'd share them here because I find them so
   inspiring!

   Psst.. she also has some prints available in the series!
   XO
   1397
   posted under: Artwork, Home Décor
   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on
   Pinterest Share
   SHARE THIS POST:
   Previous Entries
   (C) Amy Moss 2009-2012. All Rights Reserved.
