   #AU-EU Youth Cooperation Hub » Feed AU-EU Youth Cooperation Hub »
   Comments Feed alternate alternate alternate alternate

   AU-EU Youth Cooperation Hub

     * Home
     * Clusters
     * Get involved
     * Partners
     * Gallery
     * About
     *
     *
     *
     * FR

   Select Page
   ____________________

   The proposals received from civil society have just been assessed in
   Addis.
   The accepted proposals will be officially announced in November.
   We are as excited as you are to start this collaboration with civil
   society in implementing the ideas set out by the different clusters.
   Watch this space!

   The Call draws on the inputs provided by youth at the 5th AU-EU Summit
   in Abidjan, November 2017

The AU-EU Youth Hub is calling on all civil society organisations to submit
concept notes for the AU-EU Youth Hub Call for Proposals. The Call makes
available EUR 10 million in 7 lots:

Culture, Arts and Sports

Peace and Security

Governance and Political Inclusion (Accountability)

Governance and Political Inclusion (Remittances)

Environment Preservation and Climate Change

Education and Skills

Business, Job Creation and Entrepreneurship

About

—

   Less than a year ago, youth from Africa & Europe developed new ideas on
   six topics, essential to the AU-EU Partnership. The outcome (AU-EU
   Youth Declaration and Agenda) was presented at the 5th AU-EU Summit in
   Abidjan.


The AU-EU Youth Cooperation Hub is where African & European Youth THINK and
ACT TOGETHER.


   The AU-EU Youth Cooperation Hub, launched in October 2018, is about
   turning some of those ideas into reality; piloting them on a small
   scale but with maximum impact, visibility and result-evidence. With €10
   million, civil society organisations, and 42 Young Experts from both
   continents as core drivers.
   Find out more
   [ych_mogherini.svg]
   [aueuyouthhub_paris_peace_forum_group_photo_1600x1200.jpg]

The AU-EU Youth Cooperation Hub was selected by the Paris Peace Forum, out of
119 other projects, as one of the top 10 governance initiatives. This
nomination will enable the Hub to benefit from expertise, visibility and
financial help from the organisers of the Paris Peace Forum for the coming
year.

   [ych_wave.svg]

Young Experts

Clusters

Culture, Sports & Arts

Education

Environment

Business

Governance

Peace & Security

These 42 Young Experts are the core drivers of the Hub; they will contribute
to defining the scope of pilot projects, to be implemented by civil society
organisations, and monitor their implementation.


   The initiatives to be piloted are expected to meet four
   characteristics:
     * Have the potential to bring Europe & Africa closer,
     * Be people-centred,
     * Be visible,
     * Have the potential of being scalable after the pilot phase, should
       they prove successful.

     * Business
     * Culture, Sports & Arts
     * Education
     * Environment
     * Governance
     * Peace & Security

Business, Job Creation & Entrepreneurship

—

   In Africa, the very high percentage of unemployed youth or young
   working poor is directly relevant to the priority of SDG1 (“End poverty
   in all its forms everywhere“).

   In the EU, the multiplication of precarious jobs and non-standard forms
   of contracts and high levels of unemployment have long-term
   consequences for the earning potential of youth and their future
   opportunities, ultimately inhibiting economic innovation and
   jeopardising the achievement of (“Promote sustained, inclusive and
   sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent
   work for all”).

   The role of the private sector in generating jobs is key. But in order
   to attract responsible domestic and foreign investments, stable and
   open financial systems, an enabling investment climate and proactive
   job creation policies are required. At the same time, it is crucial to
   ensure that social protection systems are adequate and adapted to new
   forms of work.
   Khadijat Abdulkadir

Khadijat Abdulkadir

   Nigeria - Belgium
   Aba Esther Eshun

Aba Esther Eshun

   Ghana
   Yorick Bruins

Yorick Bruins

   The Netherlands
   Elena Bonell de Pascual

Elena Bonell de Pascual

   Spain
   Alieu Jallow

Alieu Jallow

   Gambia
   Jordan Stephanou

Jordan Stephanou

   South Africa - Cyprus
   Daniel Oulai

Daniel Oulai

   Ivory Coast

Khadijat Abdulkadir

25 years old, Nigerian in diaspora in Belgium

   Khadijat holds a double Master’s degree; one from the US and the other
   from Solvay Business School of Belgium in Commercial (Business)
   engineering and a Bachelor Degree in Anthropology and Political
   Science. She is the founder of Digital African Woman (DAW), a social
   enterprise that supports women-led businesses across Africa and the
   diaspora through active digital training and business engineering.
   Through DAW, she triggered the launch of 70 successful start-ups across
   Europe and Africa. As a result of her engagement for the diaspora
   community in Europe, she is an active member of the African Diaspora
   Network in Europe – ADNE.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Elena Bonell de Pascual

25 years old, Spain

   Elena holds a Bachelor Degree in Social Sciences and a Master in
   International Economic Policy, both from Science Po Paris. After
   working at the EU Delegation in Senegal on the Economic Partnership
   Agreement, she joined Sagaci Research, a market intelligence firm
   working across Africa. She worked on consulting projects for big
   corporations and conducted census in many cities. She is currently
   working as an impact measurement consultant for social-driven startups
   across Africa and India in the sectors of agribusiness, technology and
   cosmetics. Her passion for sub-saharan african development has led her
   to be a board member of two foundations in Ghana. At Asheba Foundation
   she is in charge of alleviating menstrual poverty through menstrual
   cups and reusable pads and at Nasco she is piloting a project on tech
   outsourcing.
     * Follow

Yorick Bruins

28 years old, the Netherlands

   Yorick is a specialist in sustainable food systems, agri and food value
   chains, and agri-businesses. He holds a Bachelor in Gastronomic
   Sciences from the University of Pollenzo, Italy, and a Master of
   Science in Food Policy from City University in London, where he
   presented two dissertations addressing economic exploitation and
   development as well as inequality in global value chains. For three
   years he has been engaged as an advisory board member of two
   organisations in Italy and the UK, with the goal to improve knowledge
   and understanding of food systems. Since 2016, Yorick has worked at
   Agriterra as a business advisor for farmer organisations across Eastern
   Africa and South Asia. He recently co-founded the social enterprise
   Wakuli with the aim of utilizing technology to connect farmers with
   consumers, thus addressing inequalities in global soft commodity supply
   chains.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Aba Esther Eshun

35 years old, Ghana

   Aba is a doctoral student of University of Ghana, Legon. She holds a
   Bachelor in Agriculture and a Master of Philosophy in Agricultural
   Administration from the University. She has developed a career in food
   security, livelihood support and diversification and entrepreneurship
   activities with over 10 years work experience. She served as the
   Country Manager at AAIN, Operations Manager of an incubator and
   maternity cover for Private sector and secured livelihoods portfolio at
   Oxfam in Ghana working on Systems Innovation for Women Economic
   Empowerment (SIWEE). Her work has impacted over 5,000 entrepreneurs and
   youth, provided investment support, mentorship, facilitated market
   linkages and business networking for entrepreneurs, by incubating women
   and youth start-ups and developing public-private partnerships, with a
   focus in the agribusiness sector. She currently volunteers as a mentor
   and coaching expert for youth volunteers working for the Compassion in
   Ghana / Kasoa Youth and Child Development Center.
     * Follow

Alieu Jallow

28 years old, Gambia

   Alieu holds a Bachelor in Economics from the University of Gambia and
   Certificate in Business and Entrepreneurship from Northwestern
   University. He founded the Startup Incubator Gambia through which he
   incubated 62 young enterprises, accelerated 26 agribusiness enterprises
   thus contributing to create over 300 jobs in fashion, online services
   and agriculture. He is also the founder of Young Entrepreneurs
   Association and a board member of the ITC Youth Empowerment Project.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Daniel Oulai

30 years old, Ivory Coast

   Daniel is holder of a Master in Marketing Development and a Master in
   Agricultural Development. Daniel is CEO of the start-up "Grainotèque",
   a social and solidarity company specialized in services and tools in
   organic farming. In recognition of his achievements, he was selected as
   Ashoka Change Maker and was awarded the Orange Entrepreneurship Award
   2018 and the "Pierre Castel Prize", endowed with the Pierre Castel
   Bordeaux Africa Endowment Fund.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Jordan Stephanou

26 years old, Cyprus Diaspora in South Africa

   Jordan holds a Bachelor Degree in Health Science and a Master in
   Management of Innovation and Technology. After working in the private
   banking sector for 3 years, he founded tastePal, a pre-ordering App for
   the office catering sector, with the social mission to eradicate hunger
   in South Africa through meal contribution to NGOs. The App has
   partnered with FoodForward SA to strive towards the first two of the
   UN’s Sustainable Development Goals. The App received multiple
   recognitions and nominations at international summits and competitions
   concerning innovative and tech startups.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Culture, Sports & Arts

—

   Culture, arts, sports and inter-cultural dialogue can foster
   understanding among citizens and states. They can therefore contribute
   to address major global challenges – such as conflict prevention and
   resolution, integration of refugees, prevention of violent extremism,
   and protection of cultural heritage.

   The culture sector is also increasingly a source of job creation,
   contributing to growth, and an excellent conduit for promoting social
   inclusion. The 2030 Agenda marks a substantial step forward for culture
   as it is the first time that the global development framework refers to
   culture in relation to several SDGs (education, sustainable cities,
   food security, the environment, economic growth, sustainable
   consumption and production patterns, peaceful and inclusive societies).
   Ebenezer Agu

Ebenezer Agu

   Nigeria
   Clemence Nahimana

Clemence Nahimana

   Rwanda
   Daphne Van Dam

Daphne Van Dam

   The Netherlands
   Sandy Alibo

Sandy Alibo

   Ghana - France
   Romuald Parfait Ngomssi Ngomssi

Romuald Parfait Ngomssi Ngomssi

   Cameroon
   Aude Taligrot

Aude Taligrot

   France
   Hatoumata Magassa

Hatoumata Magassa

   Mali - France

Ebenezer Agu

25 years old, Nigeria

   Ebenezer holds a Bachelor of Arts in English and Literary Studies. He
   is a poet and an essayist. He is editor-in-chief at 20.35 Africa, an
   anthology of contemporary poetry featuring young (resident and
   diaspora) African poets. He is also poetry editor at 14, a collective
   of young Nigerian artists that publishes queer art. He has also
   contributed reviews and interviews to Brittle Paper, Africa's foremost
   arts and culture online platform, and has also worked as a copy-editor
   for some book publications.
     * Follow

Sandy Alibo

35 years old, Ghana - France

   Sandy holds a Master in Multimedia Strategy. Her employment experience
   is mainly focused on democratization and easy access to sports and
   eco-citizenship. In 2016 she founded a community-based collective of
   surfers and skateboarders, which engages in eco-citizenship activities.
   She has a total of 10 years of experience in sports within the private
   sector.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Aude Taligrot

32 years old, France

   Aude holds a Bachelor in Social Development and two Masters in
   Cooperation, International Solidarity and Social Economy. Furthermore,
   she followed trainings on volunteering, global citizenship, sustainable
   development. Since 2009, her work experience has been mainly in France
   and Senegal on projects to support youth initiatives and focused on
   education and culture. For the past five years she has been a board
   member of an association that promotes African culture in France. She
   also co-founded a French-based association to support and accompany
   project leaders, which is currently supporting projects in music,
   circus, and dance.
     * Follow

Clemence Nahimana

28 years old, Rwanda

   Clemence holds a Bachelor Degree in Art and Education. She is an
   experienced theatre playwright /Director, film writer and actress.
   Since 2007 she had contributed to writing, acting and directing
   different radio dramas, sketches and stage performances in schools,
   colleges, organizations as well as in Rwandan community. She works as a
   scriptwriter since 2015 at La Benevolencija Grands Lacs, a Dutch NGO
   focused on unity and reconciliation, peace building and art through the
   Rwandan popular Radio Drama Called Musekeweya (New dawn). She is one of
   the leading Rwandan female comedians. She founded Feruje Comedy for
   peace education, gender equality, Culture promotion as well as social
   inclusiveness. She co-founded Double C Technology Solutions with the
   main focus to disadvantaged youth and women in order to contribute to
   Rwanda economic growth and Sustainable development through new ICT job
   creation.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Romuald Parfait Ngomssi Ngomssi

33 years old, Cameroon

   Romuald is a last year Ph/D researcher in Performing Arts and
   Cinematography, ambitious and goal-orientated hard worker. His research
   focuses on educational films and television. Since Decembre 2018 he is
   the artistic director and communication manager of I-Studio (which is
   an audiovisual and digital production house based in Yaounde). He is
   also the Executive Director of the People's Theatre and Cinema for
   Social Change association. From 2017 to 2018 he was the project manager
   for youth and envoy for cultural activities for the network of
   ‘Alliance Française de Roumanie’ where he has launched the first pocket
   film festival for bilingual schools. Flexible and able to adapt himself
   in various situations, he is a monitor at University of Yaounde 1 since
   2015, where he teaches theatre education and cinema for social change.
   He has acquired experience in the field of cultural industries,
   communication and applied arts during the past eight years both in the
   university and professional milieu. His expertise also aligned with
   film, radio and television production.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Hatoumata Magassa

30 years old, Mali - France

   Hatoumata is a Sciences Po Paris graduate and has six years of work
   experience in the fields of private sector development in Africa,
   embracing the areas of impact investing, start-ups incubation and
   digitalization. She is the Manager of the AFIDBA program, aimed at
   financing and developing African start-ups that have social and digital
   components at Bond'innov and is the founder and President of an NGO
   dedicated to youth empowerment and innovative education.
     * Follow

Daphne Van Dam

28 years old, the Netherlands

   Daphne holds a Master of Science in International Development Studies.
   Over the course of her studies she interned and worked for several
   (international) governmental institutions in both Europe and Africa. In
   her spare time, Daphne also volunteered for three years (as a coach)
   using sports as an educational tool for marginalized youth. She
   recently founded a jewelry company through which she fuses West-African
   beads made from recycled glass in her Dutch designs to symbolize
   intercultural dialogue. She currently works as a Young Expert Private
   Sector Development at Cordaid on projects in fragile and
   conflict-affected states. As a natural project leader, Daphne
   translates out-of-the box ideas into practical actions, often by
   creating visualizations and workable mock-ups for the solution. As
   William Plomer wrote, “Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly
   unconnected.” Daphne integrates this idea in all her adventures.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Education

—

   Education and skills are vital to enable young people to become active
   citizens and to provide them with opportunities. Sustainable investment
   in education and the promotion of lifelong learning is the best
   protection against poverty and to foster the acquisition of the
   necessary competences to be an active and independent citizens.

   Under the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, States have
   committed to SDG4: “Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education
   and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all”.
   Audrey Giacomini

Audrey Giacomini

   France
   Shimmaa Mohammed

Shimmaa Mohammed

   Egypt
   Safi Sabuni

Safi Sabuni

   Democratic Republic of Congo - Sweden
   Lusanda Magwape

Lusanda Magwape

   South Africa
   Aoudou Mounchili

Aoudou Mounchili

   Cameroon
   Marilena Maragkou

Marilena Maragkou

   Greece
   Ademulegun Olowojoba

Ademulegun Olowojoba

   Nigeria

Audrey Giacomini

30 years old, France

   Audrey holds a dual Bachelor in Political Science and a Master in
   International Affairs. Following a short experience at the EU
   Delegation in Eritrea, she worked for 2 years as the Education and
   Vocational Training Programme Coordinator at Total in Uganda. After
   working in the higher education sector, where she was in charge of
   Master and dual degree programs, she joined in 2017 the World
   Innovation Summit for Education (WISE) as Head of Programs. In her
   current position, she aims to foster new approaches in education and to
   build the future of education through collaboration.
     * Follow

Lusanda Magwape

32 years old, South Africa

   Lusanda is an admitted Attorney who holds a Master in Commercial Law.
   She is the founder of Dream Factory Foundation that seeks to empower
   youth-at-risk through educational programmes that train participants to
   transition successfully into adulthood and contribute back to society
   through their dreams and aspirations. In 2015 she spearheaded a social
   enterprise which was awarded the Google Rise Award and listed in the
   2017 Social Enablers "100 most inspiring Social Entrepreneurs
   worldwide". As a CIVICUS member, Lusanda was selected to represent the
   voice of youth-led and grassroots NGOs that seek to have greater access
   to the EU partnership process at the 2018 EU Partnership Forum. She is
   also a Global Shaper and Facebook Community Leader Fellow.
     * Follow

Marilena Maragkou

29 years old, Greece

   Marilena holds a Bachelor in Management & Business Administration and a
   Msc in International Marketing. From 2013 to 2018 she worked on
   European projects at the University of Piraeus in diverse capacities,
   collaborating with the EU Representation in Greece and the European
   Parliament Information Office. She is the co-founder of an educational
   project that was implemented in 7 African countries, entitled WE
   AfriHug, aiming at empowering African youth with skills needed for the
   21st Century and raising awareness about study opportunities through
   Erasmus +. Thousands of students and academic staff were reached in
   universities and secondary schools across 7 countries throughout 7
   months and synergies have been created between African and Greek
   universities.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Shimma Mohammed

26 years old, Egypt

   Shimmaa holds a Bachelor in Science with a major in Biology. Since
   2012, she has volunteered and worked to mainstream and facilitate
   science and STEAM education through non-formal education and mentorship
   across Egypt and Africa. In the following years, she has been committed
   to promote access to college and volunteerism. In 2014 she founded a
   non-formal education social enterprise called Olomangy that aims at
   encouraging 3 to 14 year-old students as well as teachers to practice
   STEAM education. 7500 individuals were reached in four years. After
   being selected as an African Union youth volunteer in 2016, she started
   working in a research center for STEM in Africa, based in Kenya.
   Recently, her social enterprise has been chosen as one of the top 50
   education innovators in Africa.
     * Follow

Aoudou Mounchili

28 years old, Cameroon

   At 29, Mounchili Aoudou has seven years experience in Education. With
   four years experience as Teacher at secondary level he fully
   understands what teaching and learning means and how they happen. Since
   2015, he dedicates his time advocating for access and quality of
   education, and implements alternative education solutions to equip
   youth with skills and competences they need to express their full
   potential.The realities of conflicts and crisis for education present a
   significant challenge to reaching education goals in Africa and Europe.
   His brings in his experience in hard to reach areas and in emergency
   contexts. He also has extensive experience working with Associations
   NGOs, Intergovernmental organizations and UN agencies on topics
   including girls and women’s rights, youth economic empowerment,
   democratic governance, peace building.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Ademulegun Olowojoba

29 years old, Nigeria

   Ademulegun holds a Bachelor in Engineering, a diploma in Data
   Journalism and an executive certificate in Social Sector Management.
   From 2014 – 2016, he served as the curator of
   opportunitiesforyouths.com, an online community that connects young
   people with education and development opportunities. Since 2016 he has
   served as project team member of ReadysetWork, an initiative by Lagos’
   State Government. As the Community Affairs Manager at Microsoft
   Nigeria, he was responsible for implementing youth employment and
   digital skills development. At part of the Microsoft Philanthropy team
   in Nigeria, he supervised the training of +25.000 youth. He served as
   Project Lead of CodeLagos in 2017, an initiative sponsored by the Lagos
   State Ministry of Education. He supervised the expansion of the program
   to +300 coding centres and over 40,000 beneficiaries. In 2018 he became
   Country Director of CodeTutor.com.ng, focusing on implementing computer
   science programs in Nigeria.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Safi Sabuni

28 years old, Congolese (Democratic Republic) in diaspora in Sweden

   Safi holds a degree in Public Relations majoring in Peace and
   Development studies. Her expertise is focused on international
   education and youth mobility, and capacity building of youth. Safi’s
   experience comes from working for 7 years with the European-wide
   networks Erasmus Student Network, Eurodesk and Erasmus+ Student and
   Alumni Association. Through her engagement she has worked with the
   European Union, the Council of Europe and several international NGOs.
   She has coordinated international activities and research projects,
   liaised for advocacy processes and facilitated cross-sectorial
   cooperation. As former President of the Erasmus Student Network, she
   has lead a network of 15.000 volunteers in 40 countries.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Environmental Preservation & Climate Change

—

   Climate change is affecting every country on every continent. People
   around the world are experiencing the significant impacts of climate
   change, including changing weather patterns, rising sea level, and more
   extreme weather events. Climate change finds its origins in human
   activities and in greenhouse gas emissions.

   Without action, the world’s average surface temperature is projected to
   continue rising and to surpass 3°C this century. Therefore, SDG13 urges
   to “Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts”. The
   poorest and most vulnerable people are most affected by the impacts of
   climate change. Outbreaks of infectious diseases and famines highlight
   the effects and inter-linkages of insecurity, climate change, and food
   and water shortages. These challenges have led to unprecedented levels
   of forced displacements in Africa.
   Biao Affo

Biao Affo

   Togo
   Yonas-Sebastian Fall

Yonas-Sebastian Fall

   France
   Varpu Vasko

Varpu Vasko

   Finland
   Anaïs Amazit

Anaïs Amazit

   Algeria - France
   Ioannis Papageorgiou

Ioannis Papageorgiou

   Greece
   Antonette Ncube

Antonette Ncube

   Botswana
   Komi Elom Claude Sodokin

Komi Elom Claude Sodokin

   Togo - France

Biao Affo

27 years old, Togo

   Biao holds a Master of Engineering in Water and Forests with an
   elective in Natural Resources Ecology and Management. He boasts a broad
   experience in environment engineering, geographic information systems,
   rural development, green economy and human rights. He founded the
   “Climate Innovation Laboratory Togo” (CIL TOGO), which focuses on green
   innovation (eco-entrepreneurship) support through capacities building,
   consulting services and networking and events and forums.
   Biao is currently working as Analyst for Tony Blair Institute for
   Global Change (TBI)- Governance Togo supporting the ministry in charge
   of agriculture for execution and "Delivery" in implementation priority
   projects and for foreign investments’ promotion and facilitation.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Anaïs Amazit

29 years old, Algerian in diaspora in France

   Anais holds a Bachelor in Applied Foreign Languages and a Master in
   Management. She has developed a vast experience on social and
   solidarity economy and solar energy. She currently serves as the
   Regional Coordinator Africa for a civil society organisation, where she
   is responsible for the construction and implementation of two
   vocational training centers in solar energy, for illiterate or
   semi-literate rural women.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Antonette Ncube

27 years old, Botswana

   Antonette is one of the IUPAC Next Generation Programme 2019 Alumni and
   also an Agriprenuer N-GAGE Champion for Solar Charged Drone
   intergration in Crop Protection based in Botswana. She is an
   experienced Agronomist, an AgVocate and a Youth Expert in the
   Environmemtal Preservation and Climate Change Cluster for the AU-EU
   Youth Hub. She is an Open Source Leader of the Commonwealth100 through
   the Common Purpose Initiative. She has a profound knowledge and
   experience in related topics such as food security, agribusiness,
   climate smart agricultural approaches, transformational resilience
   thinking techniques and precision farming. She is also an Agricultural
   YouTube Vlogger, using her native language and English to inspire young
   people across the world towards perceptions built around Agriculture.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Yonas-Sebastian Fall

28 years old, France

   Yonas holds a Master in Management. He has seven years of working
   experience in sustainable investment, consulting and impact evaluation.
   He has almost five years of experience in a senior management position,
   overseeing consulting and research projects in various fields such as
   migration, education, private sector development and sustainability.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Ioannis Papageorgiou

30 years old, Greece

   Ioannis holds Bachelor degrees in Electrical Engineering and Technical
   Education, a Master of Science in Environmental and Resource Management
   and a Masters in Geographical Information Systems. His experience
   focuses on renewable energy, cartography, sustainability, corporate &
   social responsibility, and green finance. For the last three years he
   has been working for the United Nations Office for Project Services
   (UNOPS) across Europe, Africa and the Middle East on renewable energy,
   environment and energy security.
     * Follow

Komi Elom Claude Sodokin

21 years old, Togolese in diaspora in France

   Komi founded a start-up at the age of 17 and he is the founder and
   leader of a youth platform (Ecolotrip) on climate change. For three
   years, he has been responsible for project development and management
   in a local startup, with a goal was to provide local, namely rural,
   population with biogas and electricity produced from manure. He gained
   a Bachelor in Mines and Environment in Niger and a specialization in
   Engineering, with a major in electronuclear installations at the
   College of High Level studies in Caen, France.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Varpu Vasko

30 years old, Finland

   Varpu holds a MsC in Environmental Studies with a minor in Development
   studies. Her employment and volunteering history encompasses several
   areas, ranging from WASH, waste management, smart cities, ecology,
   energy, ethical trade and adult education. Varpu grew her experience
   throughout Europe, Africa and East Asia. She has worked as the Product
   Manager on energy and eco efficiency services in an international
   facility services company for the past two years.
     * Follow

Governance, Political Inclusion & Democratic Inclusion

—

   Governance, development and security are closely interlinked. Resilient
   societies, with accountable, democratic and transparent institutions in
   which human rights are respected, are much more likely to enjoy
   sustainable development and stability. Inclusive  participation  of
   citizens  in  public  decision  making  and,  in  particular,  the
   involvement of youth and women in formal political processes can
   increase trust in state institutions.

   Strong, transparent and efficient institutions are key in areas such as
   public finance management, the fight against corruption and fraud or
   domestic revenue mobilisation, a prerequisite for the state being able
   to deliver, which is often undermined by Illicit Financial Flows. This
   situation is meant to be addressed under SDG16, which is dedicated to
   the provision of access to justice for all, and to building effective,
   accountable institutions at all levels (“Promote peaceful and inclusive
   societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for
   all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all
   levels”).
   Martin Dethier

Martin Dethier

   Belgium
   Mathias Leopoldie

Mathias Leopoldie

   France
   Benjamin Mwape

Benjamin Mwape

   Zambia
   Ismaeel Tharwat

Ismaeel Tharwat

   Egypt - France
   Esther Nakajjigo

Esther Nakajjigo

   Uganda
   Inge Meesak

Inge Meesak

   Estonia
   Mildred Nzau

Mildred Nzau

   Kenya

Martin Dethier

28 years old, Belgium

   Martin is a lawyer with experience in working with the Ministry of
   Economy and Finances in Djibouti. His expertise embraces technical
   assistance contract management, public private partnerships as well as
   legal capacity building.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Ismaeel Tharwat

26 years old, Egyptian in diaspora in France

   Ismaeel's passion lies in developing innovative, inclusive and
   accountable communities to build a better world. He is currently a PhD
   candidate in Economics in Paris, as well as a Business Development &
   Innovation Manager at Nile Capital Egypt. Ismaeel's diverse set of
   professional experiences include stints in government, startups and
   Fortune 500 companies. Most recently in 2017, Ismaeel served as Dr.
   Hisham ElSherif's Assistant Minister for Local Development in Egypt,
   where he led the economic team in the planning and first phase
   implementation of the World Bank's 500 million-dollar Upper Egypt Local
   Economic Development Program. In 2016, he worked as a growth marketer
   for Egypt's fastest growing startup, the YC backed Instabug. Prior to
   that, Ismaeel worked as a Financial Services Consultant for IBM Global
   Business Services in Paris, France. Ismaeel also has a diverse academic
   background. Prior to his PhD, Ismaeel earned 3 Master Degrees; 1) a
   Master in Business Decision Engineering from EPF-Ecole d'Ingénieurs in
   Paris, 2) a Master in Economics & Management of the Digital Economy &
   Network Industries from Paris Saclay University and 3) a Master in
   Economics with a specialization in Financial Economics from Ecole
   Polytechnique & HEC Paris. As an undergraduate at the American
   University in Cairo, Ismaeel double majored in Construction Engineering
   & Economics. Ismaeel has always been involved in developmental
   initiatives including being co-founder and president of Junior
   Enterprise Egypt, a student-led organization promoting entrepreneurship
   and providing affordable consultancy services to SMEs.
     * Follow

Inge Meesak

27 years old, Estonia

   Inge holds a Master in Security Studies from UCL. She currently works
   for ACTED in South Sudan, where she is responsible for ensuring the
   organisation’s transparency and compliance policy. She leads a capacity
   building project aimed at local NGOs. Among her previous experiences,
   she worked at the UN Joint Inspection Unit in Geneva as well as with an
   Estonian NGO on a project focused on increasing youth awareness and
   involvement in policy and diplomacy.
     * Follow

Mathias Leopoldie

24 years old, France

   Mathias holds a double degree in Corporate and Public management. His
   experience was developed across Europe and Francophone Africa, notably
   Burkina Faso, Senegal, Mali and Ivory Coast. After a two year
   professional journey focusing on mobile payments in West Africa, he
   launched a mobile money app to reduce transfer costs for end users:
   Julaya
     * Follow
     * Follow

Benjamin Mwape

31 years old, Zambia

   A dynamic and accomplished communication specialist by profession and
   youth development expert, Benjamin brings to the AU-EU Youth
   Cooperation Hub over ten years experience in the international
   development sector, successfully implementing communications & advocacy
   strategies as well as youth development projects for governments, civil
   society and UN agencies. He has been actively involved in shaping
   policy and practice through youth-led accountability models that engage
   young people and policy makers. He was equally instrumental in the
   review of the national youth policy in Zambia as well as serving on the
   board of the National Youth Development Council as an adviser to the
   Minister of Youth. Benjamin uses his communication skills and
   experience to advocate for greater youth participation in governance at
   national, regional and international platforms.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Esther Nakajjigo

23 years old, Uganda

   At 17, Esther was named Uganda's Ambassador for Women and Girls. She
   donated her university tuition and started a community health facility
   supporting child mothers. She owns a popular reality television show on
   teenage pregnancy called “Saving Innocence Challenge” applauded by the
   EU in Uganda as one of the best self-sustaining girl-lead models in the
   world, championed as well as financed by local girls for local girls.
   Amidst the world's refugee crisis, she is championing “Lift up her
   Voice” Expedition where girls from selected universities around the
   world innovate for a decent life for refugee women and girls in a
   Global Girls Movement. She has won 5 National Awards and a Geneva
   Women's World Summit Prize. Esther’s passion is to give migration a
   human face.
     * Follow

Mildred Nzau

29 years old, Kenya

   Mildred is a self-proclaimed Youth Futurist who believes that the
   potential and success of Africa lies within its young people. She has a
   vast experience in championing innovative youth engagement strategies,
   conducting advocacy and driving policy and legislative interventions.
   Her work on the #DearPolitician campaign resulted in more than
   7.5million youth getting involved in setting young people’s election
   agenda. She has also been involved in building the capacities of women
   to run for office while focusing on issue-based politics and encouraged
   youth to support the candidacy of women. Her engagement in advocacy
   resulted in the implementation of the Nairobi Youth Advisory Board. She
   has been an online researcher volunteer with the UNDP for country
   updates on South Sudan and Libya. She has experience in training more
   than 1000 youth in local accountability with the scorecard method, and
   in youth focus groups to contribute to county planning. Currently, she
   has taken on the task of building and strengthening Youth Networks
   towards active citizenship in Tanzania, Nepal, Bangladesh and Cambodia
   and is supporting active citizenship of youth volunteers in her current
   role as the International Citizen Service Youth Engagement Officer at
   Voluntary Services Oversees.
     * Follow

Peace and Security, including Prevention Violent Extremism

—

   European and African interests are strongly intertwined when it comes
   to peace and security. Terrorism, violent extremism and transnational
   organised crimes, such as trafficking in human beings, as well as more
   traditional threats to peace and stability (intra-state conflicts,
   local conflicts over resources, electoral violence, armed robbery and
   piracy etc.), all constitute symptoms of deeper structural instability
   and fragility. SDG16 is dedicated to the promotion of peaceful and
   inclusive societies for sustainable development.
   Imrana Buba

Imrana Buba

   Nigeria
   Oyewole Oginni

Oyewole Oginni

   Nigeria
   Aryana Francesca Urbani

Aryana Francesca Urbani

   Italy
   Julie Feremans

Julie Feremans

   Belgium
   Yasmine Ouirhane

Yasmine Ouirhane

   Morocco - Italy
   Etienne Reussner

Etienne Reussner

   Germany
   Sesame Omphile Mogotsi

Sesame Omphile Mogotsi

   Botswana

Imrana Buba

26 years old, Nigeria

   Imrana holds an MSc in Africa and International Development from the
   University of Edinburgh, UK. He is the founder and coordinator of the
   Youth Coalition Against Terrorism (YOCAT) for the past 7 years, which
   engages in youth-led peacebuilding activities in Nigeria. Through his
   association he managed to involve more than 600 multi-stakeholder
   volunteers, to reach out to 8000 students, to train more than 50
   teachers and to partner with 10 enterprises for skills and jobs for 276
   youth. He is a Generation Change Fellow of the US Institute of Peace
   (USIP), and he participated in the UN Counter-Terrorism Centre's expert
   meetings that conceptualized a handbook to assist victims of terrorism.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Julie Feremans

25 years old, Belgium

   Julie Feremans holds a Master in Law from the University of Leuven and
   a MSc. in business and negotiation from IESEG School of Management. She
   currently works for the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs at the
   economic interests section on topics such as conflict minerals and
   economic sanctions. Before she worked for the Ministry of the Interior,
   where she was the project manager of BOUNCE Resilience and Family
   Support, two EU-co-funded projects on radicalization, and for the
   Ministry of Justice, where she drafted texts on military law and
   terrorism for the Public Prosecution Office. She is an active member of
   several youth networks such as the UNAOC fellows, the ONE Campaign and
   Amnesty International.
     * Follow

Etienne Reusner

26 years old, Germany

   Etienne is a Franco-German citizen and holds a Master of Arts in
   International Relations and European Diplomacy from the College of
   Europe, completed with a Dissertation on EU-AU Relations for
   Development & Cooperation and Peace and Security. He also holds a
   Master in International and European Governance and a diploma from
   Sciences Po Lille, France with a special focus on conflict and
   development studies. He has a strong history of engaging youth, local
   partners and stakeholders in peace building through the organization
   “Interpeace”. He has contributed to draft the Report “Youth Speak
   Out!”, in favour of the participation of youth in peace and security
   processes in the Ivory Coast and the progress report of UNSCR 2250.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Oyewole Oginni

31 years old, Nigeria

   Oyewole currently works as a researcher at the Center for Development
   Researcher (ZEF), Bonn, and he is also a doctoral candidate at the
   University of Bonn, Germany. His ongoing doctoral thesis focuses on
   ‘the everyday life of the displaced families in the frontline cities of
   the Lake Chad Basin.’ He holds MSc Degrees in Governance and Regional
   Integration, and Forensic Science (Criminal Investigation), and Pg.
   Diploma (ongoing) in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.
   Previously, Oyewole was one of the 36 fellows under AU-EU Youth Plug-in
   Initiative (AUEU YPII) who participated in the development of proposal
   that formed the six clusters of the AUEU YCH. He has also served as the
   Senior Correspondent, Deputy Director and Director of the Africa
   Division of the World Peace (OWP, Canada), engaged more than 1000
   youths on peacebuilding. Oyewole later became the Director of the
   Inside Africa, a quarterly OWP Magazine and Report on peace and
   conflict prevention initiatives across Africa. He worked as an EFHR
   Fellow at the Common Ground Centre (Kenya) on “international human
   rights policy and practice on religious intolerance and discrimination”
   and supported the crowdfunding for Syria victims. Other capacities in
   which he has served include Endowment Fund Officer (Kalube Consult Ltd,
   Uganda-Cameroon), international election observer (Carter Centre, USA,
   in Kenya’s General Elections), Junior researcher (West Africa
   Institute, Praia, Cabo Verde) and Research consultant (CWhaD, Nigeria).
   Oyewole is a recipient of the DAAD-EPOS (Germany), AfDB research fund
   via PAU (AUC), African Union Scholarship (AUC), ANAN Award (Nigeria),
   EFHR Research Fellowship (CGC) and an alumnus of the Leading in the
   Public Life, Nelson Mandela School of Public Governance, UCT (South
   Africa), amongst others.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Yasmine Ouirhane

22 years old, Moroccan in diaspora in Italy

   Yasmine is the newly recognized “Young European of the Year 2019”. She
   is a member of the European Youth Advocacy Team at the United Network
   of Young Peacebuilders and she was recently named EDD Young Leader by
   the European Commission.

   She is also an award-winning fellow at WomenDeliver and a member of the
   Gender Innovation Agora at UN Women. Since the age of 16, she worked in
   underprivileged neighbourhoods of France, committed to address
   inequalities and promote social inclusion. Last year, she helped
   organising the YO!Fest, gathering 8000 youth at the European Parliament
   and she managed to sponsor a delegation of underprivileged students
   with a migrant background coming from France and Italy.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Sesame Mogotsi

25 years old, Botswana

   Sesame Mogotsi is a Social Justice Campaigner with over 4 years
   experience in advocacy, engaging youth in peacebuilding, and poverty
   eradication. She is the Founder of The Metamorphosis Project, an NGO
   that delivers educational programmes that help build youth resilience
   to violent extremism and activities centred on women and girls
   empowerment. Previously, she was the Country Coordinator of the
   Commonwealth Youth Peace Ambassadors Network (CYPAN) in Botswana, she
   spearheaded the design and implementation of the Peace Education
   Programme which reached well over 5 000 youth between 2017 and 2019.
   Sesame is a certified Trainer, equipped to deliver the iDove Preventing
   Violent Extremism (PVE) training. She holds a BA in Political Science
   and Public Administration and is an alumna of the Young African Leaders
   Initiative (YALI) Southern Africa.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Aryana Francesca Urbani

27 years old, Italy


   Aryana recently worked at the United Nations Department of Peacekeeping
   Operations in New York, focusing on conflict prevention and
   peacekeeping transitions. Previously, she was a trainee in the Crises
   and Fragility team at the OECD, where she analysed donor policies in
   crisis and post-crisis contexts. She’s the founder of “Imagined
   Borders”, an online advocacy platform covering migration, forced
   displacement and statelessness. Born in Iran, she holds a Master of
   Research in International Relations from Université Paris I
   Panthéon-Sorbonne, where she specialised in political sociology and the
   social dynamics of civil wars.
     * Follow
     * Follow

Work in Progress

—

1st week of October

   Selection of 42 African and European youth to take part in the Hub.
   Introduction of cluster team members and start of initial research and
   virtual meetings.

27 October – 4 November: Addis Ababa

   First Hub Session: a 10-day workshop with the AU & the EU to define the
   scope of pilot projects. Workshop supported by GiZ.

11-13 November: Paris

   Presentation of the AU-EU Youth Cooperation Hub at the Paris Peace
   Forum.

@aueuyouthhub

—

   #AUEUYouthHub Highlights

   © AU-EU Youth Cooperation Hub 2018. All rights reserved.
