   #Becoming Peculiar » Feed Becoming Peculiar » Comments Feed next

     * Home
     * About
          + About Kathleen
     * Contact
     * Felix’s Story

Becoming Peculiar

   Adventures in a Backwards Kingdom

How to Crochet Your Own Weighted Blanket

   August 5, 2019 by Kathleen Quiring 10 Comments

   A lot of people are talking about weighted blankets these days. They
   are said to ease anxiety, help you self-soothe and help you sleep
   better. And what’s more appealing than snuggling under a big, heavy
   blanket to help ease your worries? It provides deep pressure all over
   your body, mimicking a hug.
   There seems to be some scientific evidence to support these claims of
   improved sleep and relaxation. And there’s definitely a lot of
   anecdotal evidence from people who say that weighted blankets changed
   their lives. Some claim that these blankets can be particularly
   beneficial for people with autism, sensory processing disorder, or
   anxiety.

   And even if the science isn’t 100% there yet, well, using a weighted
   blanket (in addition to whatever you healthcare provider recommends)
   can’t hurt, right? It’s a low-risk, relatively low-cost, fairly
   accessible tool that has potential to help anyone struggling with
   negative feelings or sleeplessness.

   If you struggle with any of the above issues (anxiety, sensory issues,
   troubled sleep), a weighted blanket is worth a shot, right?

My Story: The Hunt for the Perfect Weighted Blanket

   When my autistic son was really struggling with sleep, I was anxious to
   try anything that might help. Naturally, I became interested in trying
   a weighted blanket. I did some preliminary research into different
   products, but ran into various problems:
    1. The options were all quite expensive. A child-sized blanket was
       typically at least $120 USD. That felt like a lot of money to spend
       on something that might not do anything. What if he didn’t respond
       to it?
    2. There weren’t any options available locally – they were all online.
       Which meant I couldn’t touch and feel the blankets myself before
       purchasing. I didn’t feel comfortable laying down money for
       something so intrinsically tactile when I had never been able to
       physically interact with it.
    3. Most of the options were made from synthetic materials. They used
       synthetic fabrics like acrylic and polyester, and were weighted
       with plastic beads. This sounded both uncomfortable (I hate to
       sleep on and under non-breathable fabrics!) and not ideal from an
       environmental standpoint.
    4. Most of the options were kind of ugly. Again, if I was going to put
       down that much money for something, I didn’t want it to be an
       eyesore. Most had childish patterns and/or looked like therapy
       tools, not bedding.

   Ideally, I was looking for a relatively inexpensive product, that was
   made from natural, breathable materials, that was available locally,
   and that looked nice, too.

   I came across one company that made a product which met almost all my
   desires: Sheltered Co, a small business in California that made
   gorgeous hand-crocheted blankets from deadstock (leftover) fabric
   (mostly stretchy cotton jersey). They bought bolts of fabric, cut them
   into strips, and crocheted them into densely-woven blankets that
   weighed 13lbs or more.

   The resulting blankets were environmentally-friendly, beautiful, and
   breathable. They weren’t local, though. And the biggest problem? They
   were expensive. I’m talking $335 USD plus shipping minimum for a
   child-sized blanket (+$100 for an adult-sized). Yikes! We’re a
   single-income family, we don’t have that kind of cash to spend on
   things that might not work!

   The moment I first saw one of their blankets, I was blown away by their
   simple, elegant beauty. And the moment I saw the price, I thought, “I
   bet I could make that.”

   If you can single-crochet a giant rectangle, you can make one of these
   blankets.

Making my First Blanket

   My journey towards crocheting my own weighted blanket had its own
   problems. I didn’t have access to deadstock cotton jersey fabric like
   the folks at Sheltered Co, for starters; and I didn’t have a way to
   easily cut fabric into strips if I had. So I decided my first step
   would be to find pre-made cotton jersey yarn (often called “t-shirt
   yarn”).

   I spent a lot of time hunting down the right kind of yarn. I knew I
   wouldn’t be able to find yarn as thick as what I’d seen in those
   photos, but I thought I could still get some good results with a
   super-bulky weight. But just as with the blankets themselves, I
   couldn’t find a local source, so I ended up having to purchase the yarn
   online without being able to touch and feel it. (At least in the case
   of yarn, the cost was much lower than a whole blanket, so it was less
   of a leap of faith.)

   I ended up going with Hoooked Zpagetti t-shirt yarn. It’s made from
   recycled jersey fabric, so it’s environmentally friendly. It’s
   generally made from at least 90% cotton, so it’s natural and
   breathable. (Because it’s made from leftover fabric, the contents
   vary). I got it from Lovecrafts, but a number of sites sell it. I
   continued to run into problems with the yarn, but I won’t get into that
   here — I’ll just share my tips when I tell you how you can make your
   own blanket.T

   My first blanket was . . . okay. I tried mixing colours and discovered
   that when using recycled yarn, sticking with one colour is better to
   get a more consistent result. I also misjudged the sizing a bit, and
   ended up with a narrower blanket than I wanted.

   I also learned that there is no attractive way to tie t-shirt yarn end
   together or weave them in. So for my next blanket, I would have to bust
   out my sewing machine and actually sew all yarn ends together, which
   added a step.

   But gosh, it felt good to wrap around my body. And it looked pretty
   good, too! Even if it didn’t help my son sleep, it would make an
   attractive throw blanket for the family room.

   I made three more blankets (one for my daughter, one for a friend, and
   one for my sister) before I finally felt like I’d hit on a good
   formula.

Testimonials

   Here’s what one friend said about the one I made for her:

     I use it every single day! I find it really comforting, especially
     when my body is feeling uncomfortable. I even feel like my sleeping
     has improved since I started using it as my blanket at night. Even
     though it’s summer, it’s still cool enough to use at night, and in
     winter I just double it up with my usual blanket. Plus it’s cute!

   And her roommate:

     [My friend] has used it more than me, but honestly I love it
     whenever I do use it. I find it really soothing, and because I tend
     to be really restless when I’m anxious, the weight is comforting and
     reminds me to relax. It just helps me feel more secure? Kind of like
     I’ve been tucked in, haha. And if I’m sitting up to read or
     whatever, I can double it over and lay it over my legs, which are
     usually the most restless part of me. We are often arguing over who
     gets to use it! So yeah, it gets a lot of use out of us!

   I personally took my daughter’s weighted blanket with me when I got a
   root canal, and I found the pressure of the blanket soothing during the
   stressful procedure.

The Blanket: Details

   These guidelines are for a child-size blanket. It will be approximately
   3×4 feet in size and weigh around 6 lbs. This is generally considered a
   good size and weight for a child (weighted blankets are recommended to
   be about 10% of the person’s body weight). For an adult, you’d have to
   make adjustments (buy an extra ball or two of yarn and add
   chains/rows).

   This blanket has a very open weave. You can put your fingers right
   through the holes. Some users like this feature, and find comfort in
   lacing their fingers through the holes.

   It does not provide significant warmth (which is a huge advantage in a
   warmer season or climate). If you want warmth, you can layer it with
   another blanket/comforter.

   Cost: a ball of Zpagetti yarn is typically around $11 USD. Five balls
   (what I recommend) then comes out to about $55. However, look out for
   sales, and check different websites for better prices. I got mine on
   sale once and only paid about $41 for all the yarn I needed for a
   blanket. If you’re buying a jumbo crochet hook for the first time, they
   generally run you about $5 each.
   Construction:
   The whole thing is made with single crochets through the front loops
   only. Crocheting through the front loops creates an attractive texture
   and also makes the blanket stretchier. (Click here if you need a
   refresher.)
   Ready to make your own?

DIY Weighted Blanket Instructions

   Important Note on the Yarn:
   One thing I learned the hard way is that because most (all?) t-shirt
   yarn is made from leftover jersey material, every skein of yarn is
   different. The makers cannot guarantee an exact weight/thickness for
   the yarn, and the stretchyness also varies. This means I can’t give you
   exact instructions on what size hook to use, how many chains to start
   with, or how many rows it will take. I can offer general guidelines,
   but you will have to do a bit of experimenting to get the exact size
   and drape you want.
   Also, even if you buy the same colour from the same place, you might
   get varying shades. I was disappointed once by mismatched yarn, all
   ordered from the same site. For this reason, if at all possible, get
   this yarn from a brick-and-mortar store so you can see for yourself
   that it all matches. Or buy directly from the manufacturer site (which
   is easier/cheaper to do if you’re in Europe).

   You want to use a much larger hook than what the yarn manufacturer
   recommends, because they are expecting you to be making something
   sturdy (like a rug or a cushion cover), not something that drapes and
   hugs. A blanket is an unconventional/unexpected use for this yarn.
   As I mentioned above, you will run into knots in your skein where
   fabric yarn ends were tied together. These do not look nice in your
   blanket. The best way to deal with them is to untie them and sew them
   together yourself. I will give a bit more detail in my instructions
   below. However if this is not an option for you and you’re not that
   picky about the look of your blanket, you can ignore them and leave
   them in. It wont affect the durability or function of the blanket.

Materials:

     * 5 skeins of matching Hooked Zpagetti yarn (or similar extra-bulky
       t-shirt yarn)
     * 19mm or 25mm hook, depending on thickness of yarn and personal
       preference
     * measuring tape
     * sewing machine (optional)
     * thread to match yarn (optional)

Step 1: Make a test swatch.

   I would recommend doing a couple of large test swatches to gauge what
   size hook you need to give you the look and drape you want.
   (The bigger the hook, the drapey-er the blanket. As a general rule, I’d
   say err on the side of bigger/drapey-er. If it’s too stiff it will feel
   like you’re sleeping under a rug.)
   To make your test swatch:
   1. Chain 25 or so.
   2. For the fist row, single-crochet into every stitch, working into the
   bottom or the top of the chain — whatever you prefer/are used to.
   3. For the next few rows, single-crochet into the front loop only. Once
   you have about 25 rows, you can stop.

   Spend some time with your test swatch to gauge if you like the look and
   feel of it. You might decide to start over again with a different hook
   size until it’s the way you like it.
   Calculating Size:
   When you’re happy with your swatch, count how many stitches your yarn
   and hook combo take to make one foot in width. You’ll want to triple
   that to get a blanket that’s roughly three feet wide. (Feel free to
   round up — better to get it a little big than too small.) In my
   experience, it takes roughly 50-65 stitches to make three feet.
   Next, count how many rows it takes to get one foot in length. Quadruple
   that number to get a blanket that’s roughly four feet long. In my
   experience, it takes roughly 75 rows to make four feet.

Step Two: Start Your Blanket!

   You’re just making a bigger version of your test swatch, using the
   numbers you came up with above for the full size.

   I start with a chain of between 50-65 stitches.

   Then I single crochet into every stitch through the front loops only.

   Then you keep going until you have your desired length!

   When you come to yarn knots/end in your ball (and you will), you can
   leave them; but it looks MUCH NICER if you undo the knot and sew the
   ends together with a sewing machine. With matching thread and a zigzag
   stitch, just overlap the ends about 1/2 inch and sew together.

   To finish off, just tie a really tight double knot, and trim the yarn.
   It doesn’t really work to weave in the ends with t-shirt yarn.

   Optional: for a more polished look, once your blanket is your desired
   length, you may choose to single-crochet all the way around your
   blanket (i.e. across the top, down one side, across the bottom, and
   then up the other side.) I omitted this step in three of my four
   blankets and liked the look without. Tie a tight knot and trim yarn.

   Postscript:
   You may be wondering, “What about your son? Did the blanket help him
   sleep??” Unfortunately, he didn’t really take to the weighted blanket.
   He’s really teeny-tiny (at almost five years old he weighs only 32lbs!)
   and has poor coordination, so a heavy blanket wasn’t the right fit for
   him right now. He ended up requiring prescribed medication to help him
   sleep through the night. But maybe he will like it when he’s a bit
   bigger.

   Welcome to Becoming Peculiar! If you're new here, you may want to
   subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
   Filed Under: Peculiar Living

Maybe Someday.

   May 1, 2019 by Kathleen Quiring 13 Comments

   Hi friends.

   No, I haven’t finished my series on the crunchy community, and
   honestly, I don’t know if/when it will ever get done.

   I’m just writing in to say that I haven’t forgotten about the blog, but
   I don’t know if/when I will ever continue.

   Life has been hard these last four years, and has just gotten harder in
   the last few months.

   If there’s anything I’ve learned in the last few years it’s that when
   things are hard, buckle up, because they’re only going to get harder.

   Maybe someday things will get easier. Maybe someday I’ll be able to
   follow my dreams and create art and beauty and new life.

   But today I just have to get through the day. And that’s probably how
   it’s going to go for years to come.

   (To be clear, nothing dramatic has happened or changed in my life. Just
   all of the same — no sleep, no answers — but a little bit worse.)

   If you want to know what I’m up to, I’m sometimes active on Instagram.
   Filed Under: Peculiar Living

Why are we so drawn to alternative medicine?

   March 6, 2019 by Kathleen Quiring 14 Comments
   Photo credit

   The other day I began my story of how I fell in love — and then out of
   love — with the crunchy community. I said I wanted to explore some of
   the dangers and pitfalls of the wellness industry.

   But before I spend too much time discussing the negative sides of
   “crunchy living” and alternative medicine, I wanted to take a moment to
   acknowledge that alternative healing practices definitely have their
   strengths and benefits, and I totally understand their allure.

   Many of us turned to alternative medicine when conventional medicine
   failed us.

   Because the truth is, the conventional (Western) medicine model can be
   very disempowering for patients.

   The doctor typically holds all the power: it’s their office; you go in
   on their time. They tell you what to do. They decide your prescription
   and the dose, and tell you when to come back.

   They often use unfamiliar, infantilizing jargon that leaves you feeling
   overwhelmed and belittled. And they often shame you if you admit to
   googling your symptoms or trying out alternative healing practices. It
   can feel like they don’t want you to have any agency in your own
   wellness.

   No matter how old, intelligent, or experienced you are, you often leave
   a doctor’s office feeling like a child. It’s a relationship where the
   doctor knows everything and you know nothing.

   We often come out of a doctor’s office feeling like we weren’t heard or
   taken seriously. We often feel like there is nothing we can do to aid
   in our own healing. And we feel like our doctors don’t take into
   account our whole selves: we don’t feel like our spiritual and
   emotional selves are acknowledged.

   And that’s if we can even get ourselves to step through the door.
   Hospitals and doctor’s offices are often cold, sterile, unwelcoming
   places. They tend to be crowded and busy, and we feel anonymous.
   Monitors beep, we stand in lines, everything smells antiseptic. Most of
   us will do just about anything to avoid going there in the first place.

   Compare that to many holistic wellness centers, which are typically
   more welcoming and empowering. The floors are often carpeted and you’re
   encouraged to take off your shoes. There is often soothing music
   playing, and diffusers bubbling with calming essential oils. The lights
   may be dimmed and there is probably a potted succulent on the
   receptionist’s desk.

   Your alternative healthcare provider often listens carefully as you
   discuss not only your source of pain, but your daily routine, your
   diet, your emotional responses to you suffering, and alternative
   remedies you’ve tried. They take you seriously when you say you’ve
   tried acupuncture or cutting out gluten. They typically use language
   you understand. They often offer a number of options and encourage you
   to find a dose that works for you. They might give you their email
   address in case you have additional questions for later.

   You typically leave a wellness center feeling like a whole person who
   is actively participating in finding a solution.

   And sometimes you don’t even have to leave the comfort of your home.
   The Internet offers an infinite number of ideas, suggestions, and
   solutions. There are millions of people out there telling you that you
   can take control of your own health. You just have to read the right
   books, eat the right food, do the right exercises, or take the right
   supplements.

   Who wouldn’t want to go that route over the medical route if possible?

   Well, unfortunately, I’ve discovered firsthand that there are some
   problems inherent in the alternative health model as well.

   For one thing, alternative healthcare is not as well regulated, so a
   lot of nonsense – often dangerous — can slip in. There is often not
   enough accountability for peddlers of alternative medicine.

   And sometimes the burden of figuring things out for yourself can become
   overwhelming rather than empowering.

   And when alternative healing doesn’t work, you can wind up feeling like
   you didn’t try hard enough, or that you’re just too lazy, or any number
   of self-defeating things.

   And it’s these problems that I want to explore a bit more in future
   posts.

   Thanks for following along!
   Filed Under: Peculiar Living

The Problem with the Crunchy Community: An Intro (My Story)

   March 4, 2019 by Kathleen Quiring 14 Comments

   My crunchy journey started around 2010, when I found myself unable to
   get pregnant after a year of trying. I found my family doctor
   completely and utterly useless in the matter, so I turned to the
   Internet. There, I discovered a world where toxins are everywhere,
   trying to sabotage our health. The Standard American Diet […]
   [Continue reading...]
   Filed Under: Peculiar Living

5 Things I Learned This Winter (2019)

   March 1, 2019 by Kathleen Quiring 5 Comments

   Winter has always been hard for me. Seasonal affective disorder runs in
   my family. Every winter we Friesens all turn into those sad, shriveled
   little plant creatures in Ursula’s garden in The Little Mermaid. But it
   became doubly hard when I had a non-ambulatory child. Navigating a
   stroller through snow and slush is challenging on […]
   Related Posts Plugin for WordPress, Blogger... [Continue reading...]
   Filed Under: Peculiar Living
   Next Page »

     [twitter-icon-e1372289807496.png] [facebok-icon-e1372289713809.png]
      [rss-icon-e1372289780558.png] [pinterest-icon-e1372289752625.png]

                      [bigger-font-e1372279653654.jpg]

   [NEW-get-my-posts-in-your-inbox.jpg]

   Enter your email address:

   ____________________
   Subscribe

   Delivered by FeedBurner

                             Follow on Bloglovin

                             follow us in feedly

   [NEW-popular-posts.jpg]
     * Homemade Summer Deodorant (That Won’t Melt in Your Cupboard)
     * Why I Quit DoTerra (And What I’m Doing Instead)
     * Why I Ditched Shampoo (And How You Can, Too!)
     * How to Remove Ballpoint Ink from a Doll (Using a Surprising Secret
       Ingredient!)
     * 14 Reasons I Don’t Wear Shoes

   [NEW-categories.jpg]

     * Blog News (18)
     * Community (4)
     * Confessions of a Hypocrite (8)
     * Craft/Handmade (11)
     * Creation Care (15)
     * Disability Advocacy (2)
     * Felix's Journey (46)
     * Health and Nutrition (4)
     * Holy Days (8)
     * Leaving the Marketplace (2)
     * Life Updates and Just For Fun (86)
     * Peculiar Eats (28)
     * Peculiar Living (62)
     * Peculiar Parenting (72)
     * Peculiar Reads (4)
     * Radical Non-Violence (2)
     * Simple Living (14)
     * What I Learned this Season (1)
     * What is a Mennonite? (6)

   Search this website  Search

   IFRAME:
   //www.facebook.com/plugins/likebox.php?href=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.c
   om%2FKathleenBecomingPeculiar&width=275&height=290&colorscheme=light&sh
   ow_faces=true&border_color&stream=false&header=true

   Return to top of page

   Copyright © 2019 ·Prose Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
