   #LACQUERED TIPS - Atom LACQUERED TIPS - RSS

LACQUERED TIPS

Pages

     * Home
     * Franken Supplies
     * Stamping
     * Nail Art
     * Tutorials
     * Nail Challenges
     * Swatches
     * Disclosure

November 23, 2012

Above The Curve: Fallen Angel

   Hello,
   Happy Thanksgiving!! I hope all of you had an awesome time with your
   families. I am pleased to share 'Fallen Angel' with you. Fallen Angel
   is created by a husband and wife team of Above The Curve.
   Above The Curve has made their mission to raise awareness for Shriners
   Hospitals for Children and Scoliosis. They have also donated money to
   Breast Cancer Research Foundation through their nail polishes. Also, $1
   of every bottle sold is donated to Shriners Hospitals for Children.
   Fallen Angel is a holographic nail polish with purple, blue, and pink
   shimmer. The holographic effect in Fallen angel is much stronger than
   the Blue Eyed Girl. For me, the holographic effect was much stronger
   during the day and purple, pink, and blue shimmer were
   more prominent in the evening. It's like, I am wearing two different
   polishes, which is a good thing for me. The formula of this polish is
   perfect and applies like a charm and is opaque in 3 coats. Fallen Angel
   has a really good wear time too. I am wearing this polish from the past
   4 days and all I have got is two small chips. For this mani, I applied
   three coats of Fallen Angel over 1 coat of Wet N Wild.
   You can purchase Fallen Angel at their Big cartel Store for $8 and at
   their Etsy Store for $9.
   You can also purchase the mini Blue Eyed Girl for $4.50 at their Big
   cartel Store.
   PS: They offer FREE Shipping too.
   Also, they are having a special sale at their Big Cartel store. All the
   full size polishes are for $5.00. The sale will end on Monday at
   11:59PM PST. So grab those beautiful polishes before they run out.
   Also, check their Facebook page for more information and upcoming
   polishes.
   [IMG_5466-1.jpg]
   Read more »
   Posted by Unknown at 6:53 PM 7 comments
   Links to this post
   Labels: Black, Review

November 22, 2012

Franken Supplies Sale

   Happy Thanksgiving!!
   I am pleased to announce that Franken Supplies is having a Black
   Friday/Cyber Monday Sale.
   Franken Supplies offers solvent resistant glitters for making your own
   nail polishes. The glitters does not bleed or melt and is perfect for
   frankening.
   Use coupon code BFRIDAY2012 to get 15% off your total order.
   The code is valid for both domestic and international orders.
   The sale is starting today at 11:59 PM (November 22, 2012) and ending
   at 11:59 PM on November 26, 2012. PST.
   Happy holidays!!
   You can check Franken Supplies Shop for solvent resistant glitters.
   You can also check their Facebook page for more updates.
   Thanks for looking.
   Simran
   Posted by Unknown at 4:09 PM 0 comments
   Links to this post

November 17, 2012

Above The Curve: Blue Eyed Girl

   Hello,
   How is everyone doing? I hope all of you are having an awesome time. I
   am very excited to share this new nail polish 'Blue Eyed Girl' with
   you. Blue Eyed Girl is created by a husband and wife team of Above The
   Curve.
   Above The Curve has made their mission to raise awareness for Shriners
   Hospitals for Children and Scoliosis. They have also donated money to
   Breast Cancer Research Foundation through their nail polishes. Also, $1
   of every bottle sold is donated to Shriners Hospitals for Children.
   Blue Eyed Girl is an electric blue holographic nail polish (so much
   awesomeness in one sentence). The first thing that came to my mind when
   I applied this polish was "Wow it Glows" The holographic effect in Blue
   Eyed Girl is subtle and it was really hard to capture the effect in the
   pictures. The formula of this polish is perfect and applies like a
   charm and is opaque in 3 coats. Blue Eyed Girl has a really good wear
   time. I am wearing this polish from the past 5 days and all I have got
   is a very small chip on my index finger. For this mani, I applied three
   coats of Blue Eyed Girl.
   You can purchase Blue Eyed Girl at their Big cartel Store for $8 and at
   their Etsy Store for $9.
   You can also purchase the mini Blue Eyed Girl for $4.50 at their Big
   cartel Store.
   PS: They offer FREE Shipping too.
   Also, check their Facebook page for more information and upcoming
   polishes.
   [IMG_5324.jpg]
   Read more »
   Posted by Unknown at 6:53 PM 4 comments
   Links to this post
   Labels: Blue, Review

November 5, 2012

Democrats Vs. Republicans

   Hello,
   How is everyone doing? Tomorrow is a very important day for the people
   in United States. I really hope that those of you who are eligible to
   vote will vote. I do not care which party you choose but please vote. I
   will be voting as well but I won't disclose my preference (drama free
   zone). I am also volunteering to be a poll worker and good news is that
   I am stationed at a Fire Station (Super Hot Firemen :D). The only
   downside in that I will be there from 6 in the morning till 9 at night.
   For this, I applied 2 costs of Essie Blanc. On accent finger, I made a
   Democrat sign using Primary Red and Deep Ultra Blue and for the white
   dots I used .015" white hex glitters. Using the same colors I drew the
   Republican sign on my middle finger. On the remaining fingers and thumb
   I drew stripes using the Red acrylic paint and on top of the one-third
   of the nail I used blue acrylic paint and applied silver holographic
   stars.
   [PicMonkey+Collage.jpg]
   Read more »
   Posted by Unknown at 7:57 PM 6 comments
   Links to this post
   Labels: Acrylic Paint, Blue, Essie, Freehand, French Tip, Glitter, Red,
   White

November 1, 2012

The Battle Nail Polish Challenge Day 1

   Hello,
   I am so excited to be a part of The Battle Nail Polish Challenge as it
   has been a really long time since I last participated in a nail
   challenge. This is my first post for the this Challenge. The theme for
   today's nails was to create a green and blue manicure. I really like
   how this manicure turned out. I hope you guys like it too.
   For this, I applied 2 coats of Zoya Song. Then applied Best Glue Ever
   on all the nails, which I thinned down with water to almost 30-40% as
   it is easy to apply when thinned down. After the glue dried (it becomes
   transparent) I applied 1 mm neon green glitters on the tips of all the
   fingers except the ring finger on which I drew the spiral design using
   the same glitters.
   [IMG_5249.jpg]
   Read more »
   Posted by Unknown at 6:28 PM 11 comments
   Links to this post
   Labels: Blue, Glitter, Glue, Green, Nail Challenge, Neon, Zoya

October 30, 2012

The Battle Nail Polish Challenge

   Hello,
   I will be participating in The Battle Nail Polish Challenge which is
   starting from November 1, 2012. I first read about this challenge
   on Mateji Ustvarjata blog. Citygirl907 of Beautiful Living has created
   this challenge. This is my Second nail challenge and I am really
   excited to be a part of it.
   The Battle Nail Polish Challenge is do at your will nail challenge.
   There is no time frame to finish this challenge. You can do no post,
   one post or several posts in any given week. This challenge is perfect
   for people who have busy schedules or for a newbie who wants to be a
   part of a nail challenge but is anxious about keeping up with it.
   If you need more information or be a part of this challenge please
   contact Citygirl907 of Beautiful Living.  You can also click the link
   below for more
   information. http://theblogforbeautifulliving.blogspot.com/2012/10/batt
   le-nail-challenge-update.html
   [battle.png]
   I will appreciate any suggestions or comments.
   Thanks for looking.
   Simran
   Posted by Unknown at 7:23 PM 1 comments
   Links to this post
   Labels: Nail Challenge

October 25, 2012

Tutorial: Scotch Tape Nails

   Hello,
   How is everyone doing? I hope all of you are having an awesome time. I
   am changing the way I used to do tutorials. So instead of having
   individual pictures and steps, I will have one big picture showing all
   the steps. I switched to this method because it is very convenient to
   pin (Yay! for pinterest lovers) the tutorial. I hope you guys like this
   new method.
   I got many requests for the scotch tape tutorial so here is the
   tutorial for my beloved fans. Steps of the tutorial are at the bottom.
   This mani is very easy to do. All you need is scotch tape and scissors.
   Also, you need to have time in your hands and a lot of patience.
   You can check my previous scotch tape nails here and here.
   [Scotchnails+1.jpg]
   Steps:
    1. Apply polish on you nails and tape the bottom one-third of the
       nail. Make sure the polish is completely dry otherwise the tape
       will ruin the polish. Also, make sure that the tape is not too
       sticky.
    2. Apply the polish of different color (second color) on the nail. The
       polish will only cover the remaining two-thirs of the nail.
    3. Remove the tape as soon as you finished applying polish. Do not let
       the polish dry.
    4. Repeat the Step 1 and cover the bottom two-third of the nail with
       the tape.
    5.  Apply the polish of different color (third color) on the nail. The
       polish will only cover the top one-third of the nail.
    6. Repeat Step 3 and apply top coat.

   Items used:
   Polish: Zoya Ibiza, China Glaze For Audrey, and Essie School of Hard
   Rocks
   Top Coat: Seche Vite
   Others: Scotch Tape and Scissors
   I will appreciate any suggestions or comments.
   Thanks for looking.
   Simran
   Posted by Unknown at 7:07 PM 6 comments
   Links to this post
   Labels: Blue, China Glaze, Essie, Scotch Tape, Tutorial, Zoya
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

   Follow Me
   Follow Me on Pinterest

Search This Blog

   __________ Search

Followers

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2012 (69)
          + ▼  November (5)
               o Above The Curve: Fallen Angel
               o Franken Supplies Sale
               o Above The Curve: Blue Eyed Girl
               o Democrats Vs. Republicans
               o The Battle Nail Polish Challenge Day 1
          + ►  October (4)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  August (10)
          + ►  July (4)
          + ►  March (14)
          + ►  February (22)
          + ►  January (9)

     * ►  2011 (6)
          + ►  December (6)

Labels

   Acrylic Paint (23) Beige (6) Black (16) Blue (13) Born Pretty (1) Brown
   (1) Bundle Monster (3) Cartoon (3) China Glaze (12) Coral (3) Dotting
   (7) Essie (20) Fimo (3) Finger Paints (2) Flakies (3) Foil (2) Franken
   (2) Freehand (8) French Tip (5) Giveaway (1) Glitter (20) Glue (5)
   Gradient (1) Green (5) Haul (3) Konad (7) LA Colors (4) Matte (3) Micro
   beads (2) Nail Challenge (13) Neon (1) Nicole by OPI (1) Nudes (4) OPI
   (9) Orly (1) Pink (8) Promo (5) Purple (1) Recap (1) Red (11) Red Angel
   (5) Review (3) Revlon (2) Rhinestones (2) Sally Hansen (7) Scotch Tape
   (3) Shany (2) Silver (6) Sponging (3) Stamping (15) Swatches (7)
   Tutorial (8) Ulta (2) Valentine's Day (14) Wet N Wild (8) White (16)
   Yellow (1) Zoya (50)

Total Pageviews

Share This

   Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by Blogger.
