   Oath, A Verizon company Oath, A Verizon company (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON)
     * AGB
     * Datenschutzcenter
       (BUTTON) Back
          + Datenschutzcenter
          + Themen
          + Produkte
          + Einstellungen
          + Dashboard
          + Relevante Werbung
     * Urheberrecht

     * AGB
     * Datenschutzcenter
          + Themen
          + Produkte
          + Einstellungen
          + Dashboard
          + Relevante Werbung
     * Urheberrecht

Ihr Datenschutz-Dashboard

   Wir nehmen den Schutz Ihrer Daten ernst. Wählen Sie eine Marke aus, um
   die Nutzung Ihrer Daten durch Oath anzusehen und zu kontrollieren.
     __________________________________________________________________

   [brands-icon-aol.svg]
   [brands-icon-autoblog.svg]
   [brands-icon-build.svg]
   [brands-icon-builtbygirls.svg]
   [brands-icon-engadget.svg]
   [brands-icon-huffpost.svg]
   [brands-icon-huffpost-contributor.svg]
   [brands-icon-makers.svg]
   [brands-icon-rivals.svg]
   [brands-icon-ryot.svg]
   [brands-icon-tumblr-black-2.svg]
   [brands-icon-techcrunch.svg]
   [brands-icon-yahoo.svg]


   Build Brands People Love

   ©2019 Oath Inc. All Rights Reserved.
   Oath, A Verizon company Oath, A Verizon company (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON)
     * Terms
     * Privacy Center
       (BUTTON) Back
          + Privacy Center
          + Topics
          + Products
          + Third Parties
          + Controls
          + Dashboard
          + Relevant Advertising
     * Intellectual Property
       (BUTTON) Back
          + Intellectual Property
          + Counterfeit Goods
          + Counter Notice Process
          + Repeat Infringer Policy
          + Trademarks
     * Permissions
     * Closed Captioning
     * Guidelines

     * Terms
     * Privacy Center
          + Topics
          + Products
          + Third Parties
          + Controls
          + Dashboard
          + Relevant Advertising
     * Intellectual Property
          + Counterfeit Goods
          + Counter Notice Process
          + Repeat Infringer Policy
          + Trademarks
     * Permissions
     * Closed Captioning
     * Guidelines

Welcome to the Oath Privacy Center

   In June 2017, we announced that Yahoo and AOL had joined to become
   Oath, a digital and mobile media company and part of Verizon.  We’re
   now bringing Oath and Yahoo under a single privacy policy.  Some things
   haven’t changed, like the control tools we provide to help you manage
   your experience with us.  If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account,
   you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy.  If you have not yet
   agreed to this Privacy Policy, the legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy or
   legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL) still apply to your account.  For
   Oath products or services that are accessed without signing into an
   account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services
   starting May 25, 2018.  If you are creating a new account, the terms
   below apply starting today.

   Last updated: April 2018

Our Privacy Pledge

   Our commitment is to put users first.  We strive to be transparent
   about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information
   secure and to provide you meaningful choices.  This Privacy Policy is
   meant to help you understand what information Oath, its affiliates and
   its house of global brands (“Oath,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why
   we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Oath
   brands, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or
   technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”).
   Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
   Details for Specific Products and Services.

Your Controls

   We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can
   find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing
   preferences, location data, and search history at Privacy Controls.
   Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy
   practices.  (See, Details for Specific Products and Services)

Information Collection and Use - General

   We may collect and combine information when you interact with Oath
   Services including:
     * Information You Provide to Us.  We may collect the information that
       you provide to us, such as:
          + When you create an account with an Oath Service or brand.
            (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you
            or your devices even if you are not signed in to our
            Services.)  Oath may use device IDs, cookies, and other
            signals, including information obtained from third parties, to
            associate accounts and/or devices with you.
          + When you use our Services to communicate with others or post,
            upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice
            inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
          + Oath analyzes and stores all communications content, including
            email content from incoming and outgoing mail.  This allows us
            to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features,
            content, advertising and Services.
          + When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries,
            watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we
            make available or install any Oath software such as plugins.
          + When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require
            your financial information or complete transactions with us or
            our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing
            information.
     * Device Information.  We collect information from your devices
       (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information
       about how you interact with our Services and those of our
       third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize
       and associate your activity across devices and Services.  This
       information includes device specific identifiers and information
       such as IP address, cookie information, mobile device and
       advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and
       version, mobile network information, device settings, and software
       data.  We may recognize your devices to provide you with
       personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you
       use.
     * Location Information.  We collect location information from a
       variety of sources.  You can learn more about and manage your
       location permissions on our Locations page and by visiting the
       location settings tool on your devices.
     * Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
          + We collect information when you access content, advertising,
            sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products
            (both on and off of our Services) where Oath’s data collection
            technologies (such as web beacons, development tools, cookies
            and other technologies, etc.) are present. These data
            collection technologies allow us to understand your activity
            on and off our Services and to collect and store information
            when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
          + This information also includes the kind of content or ads
            served, viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of
            your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing
            our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with
            specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an
            advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app,
            purchased a product or service advertised, or took other
            actions.
     * Information from Others.  We collect information about you when we
       receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such
       as:
          + When you connect your account to third-party services or sign
            in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
          + From publicly-available sources.
          + From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with
            their offerings.
          + When we obtain information from third-parties or other
            companies, such as those that use our Services. This may
            include your activity on other sites and apps as well as
            information those third-parties provide to you or us.
          + We may also receive information from Verizon and will honor
            the choices Verizon customers have made about the uses of this
            information when we receive and use this data.

How We Use This Information

   We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by
   combining and using the information we have about you (including
   information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you
   use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re
   connected to and interested in.  We also may use the information we
   have about you for the following purposes:
     * Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content,
       and Services.
     * Analyze your content and other information (including emails,
       instant messages, posts photos, attachments, and other
       communications).  You can review and control certain types of
       information tied to your Oath account by using Privacy Controls.
     * Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
     * Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant
       advertising in their apps and websites.
     * Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on
       and off of our Services) and provide targeted advertising based on
       your device activity, inferred interests and location information.

     * Contact you with information about your account or with marketing
       messages, which you can also control.
     * Associate your activity across our Services and your different
       devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Oath
       Services together.  We may associate activity and accounts under a
       single user ID.
     * Carry out or support promotions.
     * Conduct research and support innovation.
     * Create analytics and reports for external parties, including
       partners, publishers, advertisers, apps, third-parties and the
       public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads,
       including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences,
       the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These
       analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized
       information.
     * Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and
       other content consistent with your location settings.
     * Combine information we have about you with information we obtain
       from business partners or other companies, such as your activities
       on other sites and apps.
     * Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful
       activity.

   We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us.  For
   example, you can review or edit your account information, manage your
   marketing preferences, or opt out of targeted ads.  If you opt out, you
   will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to
   you.

How We Share This Information

   Oath shares information within its affiliated brands and companies and
   with Verizon.  We also share information we have about you for the
   purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide
   Services that you have requested (including when you connect
   with third-party apps and widgets).  We do not sell, license or share
   information that individually identifies our customers with companies,
   organizations or individuals outside of Oath unless one of the
   following circumstances applies:
     * With Your Consent.  We will share information with companies,
       organizations or individuals outside of Oath when we have your
       consent.
     * With Verizon.  As part of Verizon, Oath and its affiliates may, to
       the extent permitted by law and consistent with user controls,
       share information with Verizon and Verizon affiliates. This
       information will be used consistent with Verizon’s privacy policy.

     * Within Oath.  Information may also be shared within Oath, including
       with other Oath Services and affiliates.  Oath affiliates may use
       the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
     * With Partners.  We may share your information with nonaffiliated
       companies who are:
          + Trusted Partners.  We provide user information to trusted
            partners who work on behalf of or with Oath based on our
            directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality
            measures.  Learn more.
          + Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to
            Non-Personally Identifiable Information).  We may share
            aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic
            information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers,
            measurement analytics, apps, or other companies.  For example,
            we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how
            many people installed an app after seeing a promotion.  We do
            not share information that personally identifies you
            (personally identifiable information is information like name
            or email address) with these partners, such as publishers,
            advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or other companies.
            When you use third-party apps, websites or other products
            integrated with our Services, they may collect information
            about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy
            policies.
            We allow other companies that show advertisements on our
            webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or
            devices.  Other companies' use of cookies and other data
            collection technologies are subject to their own privacy
            policies, not this one.  Like many companies, we may allow
            cookie matching with select partners.  But, these parties are
            not authorized to access Oath cookies.
     * For Legal and Other Purposes.  We may access, preserve and disclose
       information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection
       with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
       Terms; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of
       third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical
       issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of
       Oath, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our
       legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as
       otherwise required by law.
          + This may include responding to lawful governmental requests.
            Learn more about how we evaluate and respond to these
            requests.
     * New Ownership.  If the ownership or control of all or part of
       Verizon, Oath or a specific Services changes as a result of a
       merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your
       information to the new owner.

Details for Specific Products and Services

   Additional privacy practices for certain Oath Services are included
   here.

   Information Security and Data Retention
   Oath has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to
   help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer
   information we collect or store.
   To learn more about security, including the steps we have taken and
   steps you can take, please read Security at Oath.

Protecting Children’s Privacy

   Our Services are for a general audience.  We do not knowingly collect,
   use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify
   children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with
   applicable law.  With parental permission, a child under age 13 might
   have an Oath Family Account. Visit Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
   to learn more about children’s privacy at Oath.

Data Processing and Transfers

   When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the
   data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as
   outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you
   reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your
   information in countries other than your own in accordance with this
   Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services.  Some of these
   countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the
   country where you reside.

   Oath may process information related to individuals in the EU/EEA and
   may transfer that information from the EU/EEA through various
   compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on
   the EU/EEA Standard Contractual Clauses.  By using our Services, you
   consent to us transferring information about you to these countries.
   For more information, please visit our Data Transfer page.

Other Important Information

   This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Oath.  This Privacy Policy does not
   apply to the practices of companies that Oath does not own or control,
   or to people that Oath does not employ or manage.  In addition, some
   affiliated products (such as Tumblr) may have different privacy
   policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.

Changes

   We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should
   check it periodically.  If we make changes that are material we will
   provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.

Questions & Suggestions

   If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please
   complete a feedback form or you can contact us at:

   Oath
   Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
   701 First Avenue
   Sunnyvale, CA 94089

   Build Brands People Love

   ©2019 Oath Inc. All Rights Reserved.

   (BUTTON) Oath is now Verizon Media

   We’re updating our name and staying focused on creating what's next in
   content, advertising and technology.

   Read on    arrow
   Oath, A Verizon company Oath, A Verizon company (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON)
     * Terms
     * Privacy Centre
       (BUTTON) Back
          + Privacy Centre
          + Topics
          + Products
          + Controls
          + Dashboard
          + Relevant Advertising
     * Copyright/IP

     * Terms
     * Privacy Centre
          + Topics
          + Products
          + Controls
          + Dashboard
          + Relevant Advertising
     * Copyright/IP

Welcome to the Oath privacy centre

   In June 2017, we announced that Yahoo and AOL had joined together to
   become Oath, a digital and mobile media organisation and part of
   Verizon.  We’re now bringing Oath and Yahoo together under a single
   privacy policy.  Some things haven’t changed, such as the control tools
   that we provide to help you manage your experience with us.  If you
   have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to parts
   of this Privacy Policy.  If you have not yet agreed and consented to
   this Privacy Policy, the legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy or legacy Oath
   Privacy Policy (for AOL) still apply to your account.  For Oath
   products or services that are accessed without signing in to an
   account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as
   of 25 May 2018.  If you are creating a new account, the terms below
   apply as of today.

   Last updated: May 2018

Our privacy pledge

   Our commitment is to put users first.  We strive to be transparent
   about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information
   secure and to provide you with meaningful choices.  This Privacy Policy
   is intended to help you understand what information Oath, its
   affiliates and its house of global brands collect, why we collect it
   and what we do with it. If you are located in Europe, the Middle East
   or Africa (‘EMEA’), this policy applies to you.  It sets out how Oath
   controls and treats your information in its brands, websites, apps,
   advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll
   collectively refer to these as ‘Services’).  Except as set out below,
   when we refer to ‘Oath’, it means Oath (EMEA) Limited, the
   Irish-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts
   as data controller of the personal data Oath collects when you use
   those Services). If you are a user of HuffPost UK, Sky | Yahoo Mail
   or BT | Yahoo Mail, ‘Oath’ may refer to different entities in relation
   to who controls your personal data. HuffPost UK, Sky | Yahoo Mail or BT
   | Yahoo Mail users can find more information by clicking here.
   Furthermore, additional privacy practices for certain Services can be
   found in Details for specific products and services.

   This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of Oath affiliates
   or companies that Oath does not own or control.

Your controls & privacy rights

   We believe that you should have control of your information. In some
   cases, you can review or edit your account information, including your
   marketing preferences, location data, mobile choices, advertising
   settings and search history, as well as account deletion controls by
   visiting Privacy Dashboard. Some of our Services provide additional
   controls.  Please see our Details for specific products and services.

   In many cases where we process your information, you may also have a
   right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your information.
   In certain circumstances, where we rely on ‘legitimate interests’ to
   process your information as described in the ‘Legal bases’ section
   below, you also have the right to object to the processing of your
   information by us.

   You can also request the rectification of your information by us.  You
   can request that we delete your information, and Oath will carry out
   this request unless certain exceptional reasons arise permitting Oath
   to keep certain information about you.

   You also have the right to obtain a copy of your information in an
   easily accessible format.  In certain circumstances, you can also
   request that we transfer some of your information to third parties.
   Oath will help you exercise these important rights. Please use the
   ‘feedback form’ available in the Questions and Suggestions section
   below to learn how you can receive assistance in exercising any of
   these rights.

Withdrawing consent

   You have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your
   information and your use of our Services at any time. You can exercise
   this right by going to the controls available in our Privacy Dashboard,
   or you can use the ‘feedback form’ available in the Questions and
   Suggestions section below to receive assistance with exercising this
   right. Similar to the way in which you can give consent by interacting
   with our Services, you can also withdraw your consent through our
   Services. You can choose to delete your Oath account via your account
   settings and we will delete your information.

   If you withdraw your consent to the use or sharing of your information
   for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, you may not have
   access to all (or any) of our Services and we might not be able to
   provide you with all (or any) of the Services under this Privacy Policy
   and our Terms of Service. In certain cases, we may continue to process
   your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal
   basis to do so, or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain
   processing activities. For example, we may keep information if we need
   to do so to comply with a legal obligation, to resolve disputes and to
   enforce our agreements.

Information collection and use – general

   Certain categories of information collected by Oath are necessary to
   use our Services, such as the information you must provide when
   registering for some Services.  We may collect and combine information
   when you interact with Oath Services including information outlined
   below.
     * Information that you provide to us. We collect the information you
       provide to us in order to enable us to operate and provide our
       Services, including:
          + When you create an account with an Oath Service or brand.
            (please note that, when you use our Services, we may recognise
            you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our
            Services.)
          + Oath may use device IDs, cookies and other signals, including
            information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts
            and/or devices with you.
          + When you use our Services to communicate with others or to
            post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice
            inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
          + When you otherwise use our Services, such as to view the
            content that we make available, perform search queries or
            install any Oath software such as plug-ins.
          + When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require
            your financial information or complete transactions with us or
            our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing
            information in order to provide you with those paid Services.
            We may remember the payment information that you entered
            during a prior purchase for paid Services and provide you with
            the option to use that payment information during the purchase
            of a new product.
     * Device information. We collect information from your devices
       (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.) in order to provide you
       with our Services, including information about how you interact
       with our Services and those of our third-party partners and
       information that allows us to recognise and associate your activity
       across devices and Services.  This information includes
       device-specific identifiers and information such as IP address,
       cookie information, mobile device and advertising identifiers,
       browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network
       information, device settings and software data.
     * Location information.  We collect location information from a
       variety of sources.  You can learn more about and manage your
       location permissions on our Locations page or by visiting the
       location settings tool on your devices.
     * Information from cookies and other technologies.
          + We collect information when you access content, advertising,
            sites, interactive widgets, applications and other products
            (both on and off our Services) where Oath’s data collection
            technologies (such as web beacons, development tools, cookies
            and other technologies, etc.) are present. These data
            collection technologies allow us to understand your activity
            on and off our Services and to collect and store information
            when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
          + This information includes the kind of content or ads served,
            viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your
            activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our
            Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with
            specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an
            advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app,
            purchased a product or service advertised or took other
            actions.
     * Information from others. We collect information about you when we
       receive it from other users, third parties and affiliates, such as:

          + When you connect your account to third-party services or sign
            in using a third-party partner (such as Facebook or Twitter).

          + From publicly available sources.
          + From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with
            their offerings.
          + When we obtain information from third parties or other
            companies, such as those that use our Services. This may
            include your activity on other sites and apps as well as
            information that those third parties provide to you or us.

          + Information that we receive from Verizon will be used
            consistently with Verizon’s privacy policy.

How we use this information

   In order to deliver, personalise and improve our Services, we combine
   and use the information that we have about you (including information
   we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and
   interact with our Services and the people or things that you’re
   connected to and interested in. We may also use the information we have
   about you in the following ways and for the following purposes:
     * To provide, maintain, improve and develop relevant features,
       content and Services.
     * To analyse your content and other information (including incoming
       and outgoing emails, instant messages, posts photos, attachments
       and other communications) in order to keep our Services safe and
       secure. This analysis also assists us in making the content,
       Services and ads we provide to you more personalised (except in BT
       | Yahoo Mail).  You can review and control certain types of
       information associated with your Oath account by using  Privacy
       Controls.
     * To fulfil your requests and when authorised by you.
     * To help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant
       advertising in their apps and websites.
     * To match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on
       and off our Services) and provide targeted advertising based on
       your device activity, inferred interests and location information.

     * To contact you with information about your account or with
       marketing messages, which you can also control.
     * To associate your activity across our Services and your different
       devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Oath
       Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a
       single user ID.
     * To carry out or support promotions.
     * To conduct research and support innovation.
     * To create analytics and reports for external parties, including
       partners, publishers, advertisers, apps, third parties and the
       public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads,
       including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences,
       the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These
       analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymised
       information.
     * To provide location-based Services, advertising, search results and
       other content consistent with your location settings.
     * To combine information that we have about you with information that
       we obtain from business partners or other companies, such as your
       activities on other sites and apps in order to ensure that the ads,
       Services and content we provide to you are more suited to your
       interests.
     * To detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive or unlawful
       activity and to keep our Services safe and secure.

   We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. To
   review and manage your privacy settings, please visit our Privacy
   Dashboard.

   What are our legal bases for the use of the information?

   We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your
   information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways
   to provide our Services to you, in accordance with our Terms of
   Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between
   you and us, and our Terms of Service make it clear that processing of
   your information for the purposes of personalised content and ads is a
   necessary part of the Services we provide. Second, where you have given
   us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on
   your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information
   where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the
   legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests
   are not overridden by your rights or interests.  Occasionally, Oath may
   rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to
   protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of
   imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
   Legal bases page.

How we share this information

   Oath shares information within its affiliated brands and companies and
   with Verizon. We also share information that we have about you in
   accordance with this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that
   you have requested (including when you connect to third-party apps and
   widgets). We do not sell, license or share information that
   individually identifies our customers with companies, organisations or
   individuals outside of Oath unless one of the following circumstances
   applies:
     * With your consent. We will share information with companies,
       organisations or individuals outside of Oath when we have your
       consent.
     * With Verizon. As part of Verizon, Oath may, to the extent permitted
       by law and in accordance with user controls, share information with
       Verizon and Verizon affiliates. This information will be used in
       accordance with Verizon’s privacy policy.
     * Within Oath. Information may also be shared within Oath, including
       with other Oath Services and affiliates. Oath affiliates may use
       the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
     * With partners. We may share your information with non-affiliated
       companies who are:
          + Trusted vendors.  We provide user information to trusted
            vendorspartners who work on behalf of Oath based on our
            directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality
            measures. Learn more.
          + Advertising, analytics and business partners. We may share
            aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic
            information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers,
            measurement analytics, apps or other companies. For example,
            we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how
            many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do
            not share information that personally identifies you
            (personally identifiable information includes your name or
            email address) with these partners, such as publishers,
            advertisers, measurement analytics, apps or other companies.
          + When you use third-party apps, websites or other products
            integrated with our Services, they may collect information
            about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy
            policies.
          + We allow other companies that show advertisements on our web
            pages or apps to collect information from your browsers or
            devices. Other companies’ use of cookies and other data
            collection technologies are subject to their own privacy
            policies, not this one. Like many companies, we may allow
            cookie matching with selected partners. However, these parties
            are not authorised to access Oath cookies.
     * For legal purposes.  We may access, preserve and disclose
       information to investigate, prevent or take action in connection
       with: (i) legal processes, and legal and governmental agency
       requests; (ii) enforcement of the Terms; (iii) claims that any
       content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) requests for
       customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights,
       property or personal safety of Oath, its users or the public; (vii)
       establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against
       legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
          + This may include responding to lawful governmental requests.
            Learn more about how we evaluate and respond to these
            requests.
     * New ownership. If the ownership or control of all or part of
       Verizon, Oath or a specific Service changes as a result of a
       merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your
       information to the new owner

Details for specific products and services

   Additional privacy practices for certain Oath Services are included
   here.

Information security and data retention

   Oath has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to
   help protect against unauthorised access, use or disclosure of customer
   information that we collect or store.

   To learn more about security, including the steps we have taken and
   steps you can take, please read Security at Oath.

   Oath will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for
   the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, for as long as your Oath
   account is active or as needed to provide you with the Services. If you
   no longer want Oath to use your information to provide you with the
   Services, you can close your account and Oath will delete the
   information it holds about you unless Oath needs to retain and use your
   information to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes
   or to enforce our agreements.

Protecting children’s privacy

   Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect,
   use or share information that could reasonably be used to identify
   children under the age of 16 or as otherwise consistent with applicable
   law.

Data processing and transfers

   When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the
   data processing, sharing, transferring and usage of your information as
   outlined in this Privacy Policy.  Regardless of the country where you
   reside, you authorise us to transfer, process, store and use your
   information in countries other than your own in accordance with this
   Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services.  Some of these
   countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the
   country where you reside.

   Oath may process information related to individuals in the EU/EEA and
   may transfer that information from the EU/EEA through various
   compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on
   the EU/EEA Standard Contractual Clauses.  By using our Services, you
   consent to us transferring information about you to these countries.
   For more information, please visit our Data transfer page.

   Oath is part of a global service and so shares information with
   affiliates and other companies based outside the European Economic Area
   (‘EEA’) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

   The United States and other non-EEA countries have different laws on
   data protection and rules in relation to government access to
   information. If you are based in the EEA, when your data is moved from
   your home country to a third country outside the EEA, some of these
   countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home
   country.

   To the extent that Oath is deemed to transfer information about you
   outside the EEA, Oath relies separately, alternatively and
   independently on the following legal bases to transfer your
   information:

   Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has adopted
   standard contractual clauses that provide safeguards for personal data
   that is transferred outside the EEA. We often use these clauses when
   transferring personal data outside the EEA including to our affiliates.

   Contractual necessity. You can choose whether or not you want to use
   our Services. However, if you want to use our Services, you need to
   agree to our Terms of Service, which set out the terms of the contract
   between us and you. As we operate in countries worldwide (including in
   the United States) and use technical infrastructure in these countries,
   to be able to deliver our Services to you in accordance with the
   contract between us, we may need to transfer your information to other
   jurisdictions where necessary. We can’t provide you with our Services
   without moving your data around the world.

   Privacy Shield. Some companies to which we may transfer your
   information in the United States may be certified to receive your
   information under the Privacy Shield programme. For more information,
   please visit our data transfer page.

Other important information

   This Privacy Policy applies only to Oath. This Privacy Policy does not
   apply to the practices of companies that Oath does not own or control,
   or to people that Oath does not employ or manage. In addition, some
   affiliated products (such as Tumblr) may have different privacy
   policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.

Changes

   We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you
   should check it periodically.  If we make changes of a material nature,
   we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take
   effect.

Questions & suggestions

   If you have questions or suggestions relating to your information, or
   wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form, or contact
   us at:

   Customer Care – Privacy Policy issues

   Oath (EMEA) Limited
   5-7 Point Square
   North Wall Quay
   Dublin 1

   For queries related to the processing of your information, you can also
   contact our Data Protection Officer at:

   Oath (EMEA) Limited
   Attention: Data Protection Officer
   5-7 Point Square
   North Wall Quay
   Dublin 1

   Without prejudice to any other rights you may have, you also have the
   right to file a complaint against us with the Irish Data Protection
   Commissioner, which is Oath’s lead supervisory authority.  You can also
   complain to the supervisory authority in the EU member state in which
   you are based. Click here to find your local supervisory authority.

   Build Brands People Love

   ©2019 Oath Inc. All Rights Reserved.
