   #cafe idly @ bangalore - Atom cafe idly @ bangalore - RSS

   cafe idly @ bangalore

Friday, February 10, 2017

How To Start Seeds – A comprehensive guide to growing vegetables and flowers
from seed

   [5062-grow-ease.jpg]
   GROWING plants from seed is a great way to start gardening earlier in
   the season. With the right light and some simple equipment, it’s easy
   to grow from seed to harvest.
   Keep it simple
   Because each plant has unique seed-starting requirements, it helps to
   start small by growing just a few varieties. Some seeds — such as
   tomatoes and marigolds — are especially easy to start indoors. If
   you’re a beginner, choose those first, and then move on to more fussy
   seeds, such as petunias.
   Other good choices for beginners:
   Basil
   Zinnia
   Coleus
   Nasturtium
   Cosmos
   [5062-lights-for-seeds.jpg]
   Make sure you have lots of light
   All seedlings require a considerable amount of light, so make sure you
   have a sunny, south-facing window. If seedlings don’t get enough light,
   they will be leggy and weak.
   If you don’t have a sunny, south-facing window, invest in grow lights
   and a timer . It’s the best way to ensure consistent, abundant light.
   Set the timer for 15 hours a day, water regulary and you’re sure to get
   great results.
   [5062-marigold.jpg]
   Get the timing right
   The goal with seed starting is to have your seedlings ready to go
   outside when the weather is favorable. Start by looking at the seed
   packet, which should tell you when to start seeds inside. Usually, it
   will say something like, “Plant inside six to eight weeks before last
   frost.”
   Some types of vegetables, such as beans and squash, are best started
   outdoors. There is little benefit to growing them indoors because they
   germinate and grow quickly. Some flowers, such as poppies, are best
   planted outdoors, too. These seeds are usually marked “direct sow”.
   [5062-seed-packet-300x300.jpg]
   Six Steps, from Seed to Garden
   1. Find the right containers
   You can start seeds in almost any type of container, as long as it’s at
   least 2-3 ” deep and has some drainage holes. If you are the DIY type,
   you might want to grow seedlings in yogurt cups, milk cartons or paper
   cups. I prefer the convenience of trays that are made especially for
   seed starting. It’s easy to fill the trays, the watering system ensures
   consistent moisture and I can move them easily.
   [5062-seed-starting-tray.jpg]
   2. Prepare the “potting soil”
   Choose potting soil that’s made for growing seedlings. Do not use soil
   from your garden or re-use potting soil from your houseplants. Start
   with a fresh, sterile mix that will ensure healthy, disease-free
   seedlings.
   Before filling your containers, use a bucket or tub to moisten the
   planting mix. The goal is to get it moist but not sopping wet; crumbly,
   not gloppy. Fill the containers and pack the soil firmly to eliminate
   gaps.
   Remember that most mixes contain few, if any, nutrients, so you’ll need
   to feed the seedlings with liquid fertilizer a few weeks after they
   germinate, and continue until you transplant them into the garden.
   [5062-seed-starting-mix-239x300.jpg]
   3. Start planting
   Check the seed packet to see how deep you should plant your seeds. Some
   of the small ones can be sprinkled right on the soil surface. Larger
   seeds will need to be buried. For insurance, I plant two seeds per cell
   (or pot). If both seeds germinate, I snip one and let the other grow.
   It's helpful to make a couple divots in each pot to accommodate the
   seeds. After you've dropped a seed in each divot, you can go back and
   cover the seeds.
   Moisten the newly planted seeds with a mister or a small watering can.
   To speed germination, cover the pots with plastic wrap or a plastic
   dome that fits over the seed-starting tray. This helps keep the seeds
   moist before they germinate. When you see the first signs of green,
   remove the cover.
   4. Water, feed, repeat
   As the seedlings grow, use a mister or a small watering can to keep the
   soil moist but not soggy. Let the soil dry slightly between waterings.
   Set up a fan to ensure good air movement and prevent disease. I use a
   fan that’s plugged into the same timer as my grow lights. Remember to
   feed the seedlings regularly with liquid fertilizer, mixed at the rate
   recommended on the package.
   5. Light, light, light!
   Seedlings need a lot of light. If you’re growing in a window, choose a
   south-facing exposure. Rotate the pots regularly to keep plants from
   leaning into the light. If you’re growing under lights, adjust them so
   they’re just a few inches above the tops of the seedlings. Set the
   lights on a timer for 15 hours a day. Keep in mind that seedlings need
   darkness, too, so they can rest. As the seedlings grow taller, raise
   the lights.
   6. Move seedlings outdoors gradually
   It’s not a good idea to move your seedlings directly from the protected
   environment of your home into the garden. You’ve been coddling these
   seedlings for weeks, so they need a gradual transition to the great
   outdoors. The process is called hardening off. About a week before you
   plan to set the seedlings into the garden, place them in a protected
   spot outdoors (partly shaded, out of the wind) for a few hours,
   bringing them in at night. Gradually, over the course of a week or 10
   days, expose them to more and more sunshine and wind. A cold frame is a
   great place to harden off plants.
   Troubleshooting
   Only one-quarter of my seeds germinated. What went wrong? There are a
   number of factors that affect seed germination. Check the seed packet
   to determine if all the requirements for temperature and light were
   met. If the soil was cold and excessively wet, the seeds may have
   rotted. Dig up one of the seeds and examine it. If it is swollen and
   soft, the seed has rotted and you will need to start over. If the soil
   was too dry, the seeds may not have germinated or may have dried up
   before their roots could take hold. If the seeds were old, they may no
   longer be viable. Try again and be sure to provide consistent moisture.
   [5062-leaning-300x164.jpg]
   My seedlings are spindly. What can I do? Plants grow tall and leggy
   when they do not receive enough light. Use grow lights to ensure that
   they receive 15 hours of bright light each day. Warm temperatures can
   also stimulate leggy growth. Try lowering the room temperature and
   reducing the amount of fertilizer you apply. For more on this topic,
   see the article Growing Under Lights.
   [5062-liquid-fertilizer.jpg]
   The leaves on my tomatoes are starting to look purple along the veins
   and on the underside of the leaves. What’s happening? Purple leaves are
   an indication that the plant is not receiving enough phosphorus. If you
   have been using half-strength fertilizer for the first three to four
   weeks of the seedling’s life, it may be time to increase the fertilizer
   to full strength. The phosphorus content (the middle number on the
   fertilizer analysis) should be at least 3.
   My seedlings were growing well until all of a sudden they toppled over
   at the base. What happened? When the stems of young seedlings become
   withered and topple over, they have probably been killed by a
   soil-borne fungus called “damping off.” This fungus is difficult to
   eradicate once it is present in the soil, but you can avoid it by using
   a sterile, soilless growing medium , and by providing good air
   circulation.
   Mold is growing on the top of the soil surface. It doesn’t appear to be
   hurting my plants, but should I be concerned? Mold is an indication
   that the growing medium is too wet. It will not harm your plants as
   long as you take action. Withhold water for a few days and try to
   increase air circulation around the containers by using a small fan.
   You can also scrape off some of the mold or try transplanting the
   seedlings into fresh soil.
   link to authors website
   :http://www.gardeners.com/how-to/how-to-start-seeds/5062.html
   Posted by Cafe Idly @ Bangalore at 5:46 PM 0 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Thursday, December 24, 2015

The stories behind Christmas carols-part 2

   [carols.png]
   The Holly and the Ivy
   This evergreen carol mixes up both Christian and pagan imagery. In
   ancient times, during the winter, singing contests were held between
   men and women in villages around the country. The male contingent would
   sing carols praising the masculine holly and being rather dismissive of
   the feminine ivy whilst for the women it was the other way around.
   There was usually a happy ending though as the two groups would
   eventually join together under the mistletoe.
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57l6dSbVppM
   Away in a Manger
   This is probably one of the first Christmas songs we learn as children.
   It was first published more than 100 years ago; the words appeared in a
   Lutheran Sunday School book. It was 10 years after that in 1895 that
   William J. Kirkpatrick, an American composer and carpenter, wrote the
   music we all know so well
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnVorT14i4I
   O Holy Night
   ‘O Holy Night’ was the second piece of music and very first carol ever
   to be played on the radio. On Christmas Eve 1906, a Canadian inventor
   called Reginald Fessenden broadcast the first medium wave radio
   programme, which included him playing ‘O Holy Night’ on the violin.
   Composed by Adolphe Adam in 1847 the words come from a French poem
   called 'Midnight, Christians, it is the Solemn Hour.'
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZ-8jYpa1-o
   Hark the Herald Angels Sing
   The carol we now know as "Hark! the herald angels sing" did not start
   life as such, and required at least four people to bring it to its
   current form. Wesley's original, written as a Christmas Day hymn and
   first published in 1739, is made up of ten four-line verses, rather
   than the longer eight-line verses with refrain which we have now.
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw38pGhPXIk
   And finally how can we forget one of the most famous christmas songs of
   all times...the jingle bells
   Jingle Bells is one of the best-known and commonly sung American
   Christmas songs in the world. It was written by James Lord Pierpont
   (1822–1893) and published under the title "One Horse Open Sleigh" in
   the autumn of 1857. Even though it is now associated with the Christmas
   and holiday season, it was actually originally written for American
   Thanksgiving.It has been claimed that it was originally written to be
   sung by a Sunday school choir; however, historians dispute this,
   stating that it was much too "racy" to be sung by a children's church
   choir in the days it was written.
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLRobpXVlf0
   Christmas carols always bring out the warm seasonal atmosphere not
   matter how cold the weather is outside,enjoy singing these carols
   ,spread smiles and merry christmas,
   Posted by Cafe Idly @ Bangalore at 4:27 PM 2 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Monday, December 7, 2015

The stories behind Christmas carols-part 1

   The stories behind Christmas carols-part 1
   [carols.png]
   Christmas carol have become an integral part of christmas celebration
   all around the world.
   Have you ever wondered how these carols came about ,here is a brief
   history of few of the famous carols.
   Silent Night
   This hugely popular carol came about in 1818 just a few days before
   Christmas, after an Austrian church mouse munched his way through the
   bellows of an organ. The organist, Franz Gruber, went to see his
   priest, Joseph Mohr, to express his concern that there would be no
   music for Christmas. Equally concerned, Father Joseph wrote a new carol
   - not requiring an organ - in haste, while Gruber composed the tune. It
   was played for the first time on guitar at Midnight Mass.
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9T4WB2zfmps
   O Come, All Ye Faithful
   Another of the most loved of Christmas hymns started out as 'Adeste
   Fideles', written by John Francis Wade, an Englishman who during the
   1700s left England to join a Roman Catholic community in France. He
   paid his way by teaching music to youngsters and composing and selling
   pieces of music. It wasn’t until about 100 years later that another
   Englishman, Fred Oakley gave us the version we know and love today.
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oUAnGcT--A
   The First Noel (First Nowell)
   After the first appearance of carols in the Middle Ages the Reformation
   took hold and the popularity of the seasonal songs took a downward
   turn. It wasn’t really until the Victorian era when they started to
   enjoy a resurgence. 'The First Nowell' - or 'First Noel' as it is
   normally known today - was originally a traditional Cornish Carol. It
   was first published in a collection called Xmas Carols Ancient and
   Modern in 1833 by a solicitor William Sandys
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANUV9vD1zg8
   Joy to the World
   We have Handel to thank in part for this Christmas favourite as it was
   his original melody from Messiah, which composer Lowell Mason used. The
   words came from Isaac Watts, an English theologian. He returned home
   after attending church one day and told his father that he hadn’t been
   particularly inspired by the music he’d heard during the service and
   that he thought he could do a better job. He was right
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpgaWm2pnNs
   The Twelve Days of Christmas
   Dating back to the late 18th century, this popular seasonal song was
   reportedly used to help youngsters learn about their faith with each
   gift having a significant meaning – for example, the partridge
   represents Christ; the calling birds, the four Gospels; the Lords are
   the Ten Commandments – and so on. There’s a rather different version in
   the west of France. It’s all about food! Among the delicacies sung
   about are four pigs trotters, seven spitted rabbits, eight plates of
   salad and ten full casks
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyEyMjdD2uk
   ...contd
   Posted by Cafe Idly @ Bangalore at 12:45 AM 0 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Wednesday, July 8, 2015

10 Popular Online Guitar Gurus Who Make Learning The Instrument A Blast -
part II

   [best-guitar-lessons-online.png]
   continuing ...
   Nate Savage
   [Nate.jpg]
   Nate started playing the guitar at the age of 13 and was hooked right
   away. Since then, he has been fortunate enough to make a living doing
   what he loves - touring the world as a professional guitarist and
   teaching the guitar to students around the world.
   At the age of 34, Nate has become one of the most popular guitar
   instructors in the world. At last count, 71,274 students from around
   the world are subscribed to his online lesson updates, and his video
   have been viewed over 8 million times over the past four years alone.
   Even still, Nate remains humble and focused on helping his students
   achieve their unique goals on the guitar.
   "There is no better feeling than hearing from a student who was able to
   achieve something they thought was impossible", says Nate, "it
   motivates me to find new and more effective ways to help them become
   great musicians - and it gives me purpose every single day".
   Justin Sandercoe
   [Justin.jpg]
   Justin Sandercoe, born in 1974, is a guitarist, songwriter, performer,
   producer and educator who grew up in Tasmania and who has been based in
   London, England since 1996.
   Sandercoe's official website, justinguitar.com, was first launched on
   31 July 2003 offering lessons as a sample to promote private one on one
   lessons. The site developed a modest following but once he began making
   instructional guitar videos for YouTube in December 2006, the site
   became one of the most popular guitar instruction web sites. By 2012
   there are over 550 free lessons enjoyed by over 20,000 unique visitors
   a day from all around the world.
   His videos on YouTube clocked up 100 million views in August 2011 and
   he has been a YouTube partner since 2008.
   The site runs on voluntary donations and purchases of products from the
   store from users and there are no fees for membership.
   Justin was named as one of the UK's Top 10 YouTube Celebrities on The
   Telegraph Newspaper and The Independent newspaper called him "one of
   the most influential guitar teachers in history"
    and he has received accolades from guitar legends Brian May [4] and
   Steve Vai.
   Assaf Levavy
   [assaf.jpg]
   Music is about more than just practicing dry exercises. It’s about
   playing around with every lick you learn, improvising on it, making
   mistakes, learning from those mistakes, and ultimately – Creating your
   own interpretations of everything you play.
   Assaf Levavy started his own website known as LickNriff.com in the year
   2011 with a vision to provide a platform to all budding guitarists to
   learn more about the nuances of a guitar.
   Neil Hogan
   [Neil%2BHogan.jpg]
   Neil Hogan was born in 1956 in Southern California. He has his own
   website called TotallyGuitars.com. Founded in 2008, Totally Guitars
   addresses the aspects of acoustic guitar playing, emphasising on finger
   picking.
   Steve Luciano
   [Steve%2BLuciano.jpg]
   Steve originally hails from New Haven, CT, where he studied guitar with
   legendary teacher Joe Tinari. Over the years, Steve has performed with
   numerous jazz musicians like Charles Erland,George Morrow, Joe Morello,
   Dary Gutteb and many more. His guitar lessons are a must for any
   aspiring guitarist!.
   Steve was the staff musician for Walt Disney World for more than 15
   years and currently is the guitarist for Larry Elgart Orchestra.
   You can learn how to play songs, how to play fancy scales, and much
   more. The trouble is, there just aren't many GOOD guitar lessons
   available to someone looking to start playing guitar.
   These guitar lessons from renowned instructors are designed for people
   who own (or have borrowed) a guitar, but don't yet know the first thing
   about playing it.pick up the guitar and give it a try ..
   Posted by Cafe Idly @ Bangalore at 12:46 PM 0 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Monday, June 15, 2015

10 Popular Online Guitar Gurus Who Make Learning The Instrument A Blast -
part 1

   [best-guitar-lessons-online.png]
   Many of us have tried to play our favourite song on a guitar but the
   lack of proper technique has sapped our enthusiasm. It is often very
   difficult for a beginner to decide where to start from. The aspiring
   guitarist is confused by questions like what kind of guitar to use, how
   to go about chord transition and when and why to use a capo!  We come
   to your rescue and present these online guitar tutors who have made
   guitar learning a fun and stunning experience, for all beginners across
   the world!
   Marty Swartz
   [marty.jpg]
   Playing the guitar may look complicated, but it isn't! All you need is
   proper technique and a fun approach. Marty, with all his experience,
   has evolved a technique which allows anyone at any level to make huge,
   immediate leaps, even if you are an amateur.There are so many reasons
   why one will like Marty's videos and style of teaching. He is such a
   fantastic instructor because of his sense of humor (you have to watch
   the videos to see why), his ability to slow things down and make it
   easy for beginners, and he has such a great depth of knowledge on the
   guitar of which he genuinely wants to share with viewers.
   Jen Trani
   [Jen%2BTrani.jpg]
   In her own words “I hit my head a lot as a child, and I mean, a lot. I
   think that somehow affected the way I show up in the world,” Jen Trani
   laughs. “Honestly, I don't know what makes me unique. I'm just a very
   lucky girl from Colorado with a guitar trying to make a living doing
   music.” Thirteen year old Jen Trani was watching a movie when she saw a
   scene of a guy playing the guitar on the end of a bed. Something
   clicked in her mind, and she instantly thought, “I could do that.” She
   picked up her mother's old acoustic guitar the next day and began
   playing.
   In addition to writing and performing, Jen keeps busy as a private
   instructor to many aspiring guitarists. She has done over a 1000 online
   instructional videos, which total upto more than 40 million users for
   YouTube and Mahalo.com! Her guitar tutorials are ideal for beginners as
   they help one understand the fundamentals of guitar playing with a
   whole new approach.
   Andy Crowley
   [Andy.jpg]
   Andy became a full time private guitar teacher in 2009 after creating
   the website www.andyguitar.co.uk. Around this time, he started filming
   youtube video lessons to advertise for new students. In 2012, he filmed
   a full online beginner’s course full of real songs and made it
   available for FREE on his website.
   Andy has got a unique method; he teaches guitar knowledge and
   techniques through real songs as much as possible, and gets one playing
   along to the record straight away!.Andy's custom made beginners course
   and lesson materials are an accumulation of a lifetime of learning and
   6 years of private teaching.
   Jimmy Brown
   [Jimmy%2BBrown.jpg]
   Over the past 20 years, Jimmy Brown has built a reputation as one of
   the world's finest music editors through his work as a transcriber,
   arranger and editor for Guitar World magazine. In addition to his role
   as Guitar World Senior Music Editor, he is a busy working musician,
   performing regularly as a solo guitar/vocal act and rocking out with a
   full band at taverns, restaurants, resorts, weddings and private
   parties. Having earned a Bachelor of Music degree in Jazz Studies and
   Performance and Music Management from William Paterson University in
   1988, Brown is also an experienced private guitar teacher and writer.
   Erich Andreas
   [Erich%2BAndreas.jpg]
   Erich Andreas, AKA “YourGuitarSage" has been playing guitar for nearly
   30 years and has almost been teaching for that long as well. He has a
   passion for creating easy, step-by-step lessons and loves making
   "difficult" concepts attainable. His guitar lesson video
   channels(YourGuitarSage, YGSGuitarLessons, and 1MinuteGuitarLessons) on
   YouTube alone have over 40,000,000 views. He has authored several books
   on the subjects of guitar and music and has been praised for his
   teaching style and systems as one of the top instructors on the
   internet. Recently he was featured in the Wall Street Journal as well
   as appearing on Wall Street Journal Live. Erich is a full-time musician
   and instructor in Nashville, TN. His motto is: "With the right
   instruction and consistent practice you can do anything that you
   desire.”
   there are more guitar gurus who will be featured in the II part of this
   blog...
   Posted by Cafe Idly @ Bangalore at 1:32 PM 0 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Monday, March 23, 2015

share of our success and struggles : Our 5 year story

   [cover%2Bpic%2Bcopy.png]
   It’s important that when you tell your story,it reveals your
   humanity.it must encompass both sides of the human experience.The
   success and the struggle. The dream and the doubt. Your passion and
   your fears. One without the other seems incomplete.
   so heres our story so far, we believed that LIFE in itself is your
   biggest DIY(do-it-yourself) project and we decided to dedicate 1 year
   of our lives to do exactly what we wanted to do.if it did'nt work we
   had the cushion of our corporate experience to fall back on and resume
   the rat-race,but if it clicked it may change the course of our lives
   and course of our lives it did change.
   Its been just over 5 years since we started cafeidly,we started with
   very little money, absolutely no experience in food industry and zero
   domain knowledge, a very crazy thing to do, i should admit.Experts say
   'do what you know' .but if you have the desire,a plan and the
   commitment to make your dream a reality.screw the experts and go after
   your dream.
   Heres a share of our success and struggles:
   got excited when we got an sunday coverage on Times of India newspaper
   within a month of starting
   we had no money when we signed the contract for our second outlet, we
   signed it first and started to pool in cash. that was an challenging
   experience
   felt amazing when our outlet was featured on BBC world and a European
   showed up and said that ' he watched cafeidly feature on BBC while in
   Europe and made it a point to visit us while he came to namma
   Bengaluru'
   sometimes its so emotionally draining and kind words like 'keep it up'
   and 'god bless you' from our lovely customers is what feeds our soul.
   now we are getting franchise requests from through- out the country
   every month and i keep saying to myself ...have just a bit of patience.
   now we have a bigger outlet @ frazer town same location with seating
   and we welcome you all and as we move along, we look forward to your
   love and support and well-wishes.thank you all.God bless.
   Posted by Cafe Idly @ Bangalore at 6:13 PM 0 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Thursday, November 20, 2014

Unique Guitar Adaptations

   [guitar%2Bboat%2Bcopy.png]
   Guitar is one of the musical instruments that bring melody to your life
   when you feel its chords.
   In this article, we intend to share with you few odd but worth noticing
   creative things shaped as a Guitar. Here is a list of some the most
   creatively designed and famous things spotted around the world that
   takes their design inspiration from this instrument.
   Josh Pyke, an Australian singer and songwriter, sailed the seas on a
   giant guitar boat, which was not playable; nonetheless, it successfully
   managed to attract people’s attention. It was an accurate replica of
   his favorite guitar.
   [a98778_staircase_design450.jpg]
   Preetham Desouza, an Indian interior designer, designed a guitar shaped
   staircase. The attractive staircase symbolizes steps toward a musical
   world, the banister of which supports the case, giving it an uber cool
   look.
   [86A5A66FB761F74489E4EBD254.jpg]
   Jay Ohrberg, a car builder, collector and designer, has created some of
   the most unique and expensive cars.  The guitar like beast created by
   him is a marvel of auto engineering for sure. His other cool creations
   have been a regular part of the entertainment industry
   [A-giant-12-ft-guitar-shaped-coffin-followed-by-his-widow-June-Graham-w
   hite-suit-is-carried-out-of-St-Andrews-United-Reformed-Church-at-the-fu
   neral-of-musician-John-Graham.jpg]
   John Graham, a musician who played in the 1960s rock band The Ramrods,
   was famously known for his love for guitar. So, his wife decided to get
   a guitar shaped coffin modeled for her husband, which was an exact copy
   of the one he was gifted when he was fifteen. She did so to take her
   love for the musical instrument with him to his grave
   [GuitarHouse.jpg]
    Elvis Cardin was so passionate about music that he made his dream turn
   true by designing his
   own house into the shape of a guitar. It has a flat roof with
   electrical wires running along the top to mimic the strings.
   [guitar-deck-lo-600x330.jpg]
    You can easily connect your sensibilities with this guitar shaped deck
   madeby a couple in their backyard pond itself. The deck mimics a simple
   frame of a typical guitar, which is secured in a pool nicely. After
   all, what could be a better way than to spend the lazy weekend in such
   a cool deck?
   Summary:
   All Guitar lovers! Do not ever let your love for the guitar die within
   you because that would be a sad end to a musical life. There are so
   many ways to stretch yourself and grow, strum the strings and make it a
   part of your life in a way that it becomes a musical extension for you
   to flaunt your musical sensibilities.
   source:incrediblediary.com
   Posted by Cafe Idly @ Bangalore at 1:26 PM 0 comments
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

   IFRAME:
   http://www.facebook.com/plugins/likebox.php?href=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.faceb
   ook.com%2Fpages%2FBangalore-India%2FCafe-Idly-Bangalore%2F1004138400210
   47&width=150&colorscheme=dark&connections=6&stream=false&header=true&he
   ight=400

Page View Counts

   [EMBED]

Hot idli on the rocks

   Traditional fast food served with a classic rock touch ever tried a
   bite of steaming hot and butter-soft idlis dipped in spicy coconut
   chutney,to the sound of rock numbers by Eric Clapton and the Beatles.
   Call it an odd mismatch Its just part of concept...

About Me

   My photo

   Cafe Idly @ Bangalore

   View my complete profile

Blog Archive

     * February (1)
     * December (2)
     * July (1)
     * June (1)
     * March (1)
     * November (1)
     * October (1)
     * August (1)
     * June (1)
     * May (1)
     * February (1)
     * November (1)
     * September (2)
     * July (2)
     * June (1)
     * May (2)
     * April (1)
     * March (2)
     * February (3)
     * January (2)
     * December (4)
     * November (2)
     * October (3)
     * September (2)
     * August (4)
     * July (4)
     * June (4)
     * May (4)
     * April (3)
     * March (3)
     * February (4)
     * January (5)
     * December (3)
     * November (5)
     * October (5)
     * September (4)
     * August (5)
     * July (4)
     * June (4)
     * May (7)
     * April (4)
     * March (6)
     * February (3)
     * January (4)
     * December (4)
     * November (6)
     * October (3)
     * September (3)

Followers

   Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by Blogger.
