   [tr?id=219502655473673&ev=PageView &noscript=1] #M Restaurants » Feed M
   Restaurants » Comments Feed M Restaurants » Winner Best UK Restaurant!
   GRILL, Steak & RAW. Comments Feed alternate alternate

   (BUTTON) M Restaurants
     * HOME
     * M VENUES
          + THREADNEEDLE ST
          + VICTORIA ST
          + TWICKENHAM
          + M WINE STORE
     * PRIVATE DINING
          + THREADNEEDLE ST
          + VICTORIA ST
          + TWICKENHAM
     * EVENTS
          + NEWS & EVENTS
     * MEMBERSHIP
     * MORE
          + INSIDE M
          + GIFT CARDS
          + YOUNG CHEF AWARDS
          + DOG FRIENDLY
          + RAISING THE STEAKS
          + M IS FOR MONACO
          + M IS NOT FOR SALE
          + CHEF MIKE’S RECIPES
          + CHARITIES
          + CAREERS
     * 020 3327 7770

   M Logo


   ENTER M

WINNER - BEST RESTAURANT 2019

   M Restaurant Threadneedle Street EC2 Steakhouse London

   M Threadneedle Street; our multifaceted, award-winning venue, houses
   the award-winning M GRILL restaurant, a private members lounge,
   destination cocktail bar, wine-tasting room and a secret den, in
   addition to flexible private dining and event spaces.
   ENTER NOW
   BOOK A TABLE
   M Restaurant Victoria London - Voted Best Steak in London

   M Restaurant Victoria Street, our second award-winning venue is home to
   M GRILL; serving the best steak in London, M RAW; our vegetarian
   restaurant, public and private members bars, a wine tasting room,
   private dining rooms and event spaces.
   ENTER NOW
   BOOK A TABLE
   twickenham restaurant M Bar & Grill

   Winner of ‘Best Bar & Grill 2018’, created by ‘Great British Menu’
   Executive Chef Michael Reid, offering a range of craft beers, wines by
   tap, locally inspired cocktails, an ‘all day dining’ modern British
   Grill menu, a tasting menu, along with Sunday roasts and kids menus.
   ENTER NOW
   BOOK A TABLE

   Situated on the ground floor of M Victoria Street, we sell over 300
   restaurant quality wines specialising in offerings from the six
   countries M sources its renowned meat and steaks from — USA, Argentina,
   France, Italy, South Africa and Australia.
   SHOP NOW

WELCOME TO M

   M takes inspiration from six different continents around the world –
   South Africa, France, Australia, Japan, Argentina and the US – all
   famed for their outstanding food. Curated by executive chef Mike Reid,
   each dish has a modern twist including prime steak cuts such as South
   African rib eye and firecracker sauce, cauliflower served with kale and
   a mini provolone empanada, as well as high grade Japanese pure Kobe
   fillet steak. Our food menu is complemented by a stunning wine list
   which boasts over 120 wines by the glass.

   Our restaurants feature striking Himalayan salt chambers for ageing
   meat, unrivalled event spaces, beautiful bars, wine rooms (Victoria has
   a wine shop), as well as private members areas known as the The Den. To
   keep updated with the latest events and news, subscribe to our
   newsletter here.

WATCH OUR STORY

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/VCU-f6GKreA?rel=0&controls=0&showinfo=0

Awards

     Best Use of TechnologyThe Cateys 2016

     Best UK Sommelier, Zack CharilaouHarpers Awards

     Best New RestaurantHarpers Awards

     Top 15 UK Healthiest RestaurantsMen’s Health ‘Epicure’

     ‘Diner Choice’ Award, 8 times WinnerOpen Table

     Best for Steak and SeafoodTatler Restaurant Guide

     Best New Opening (Shortlisted)Restaurant Magazine

     Winner Best Newcomer 2017Drinks Retailing Awards

     Best Young Chef UK & Ireland 2016San Pellegrino Awards

News & Events

   M HALLOWEEN HOUNDS PARTY

THE M HALLOWEEN HOUNDS PARTY

   Published: September 23, 2019

   The M Doggy Brunch is back for a 'Halloween Hound Party'
   Read more

JAPAN WEEK AT M

   Published: September 20, 2019

   In partnership with the official Foodism Japan Week, our Culinary
   Director Mike Reid has curated an incredible 4-course menu for you to
   try featuring signature Japanese dishes from our menu.
   Read more

BERNARD GALLACHER, CLARE BALDING & SIMON SHAW TAKE OVER ASCOT WITH M!

   Published: September 5, 2019

   This year we have teamed up with three much loved legends and Ascot to
   offer a spectacular dining experience during this years’ Wentworth PGA
   Championships, one of the most hotly anticipated golfing tournaments of
   the year!
   Read more

THE YOUNG CHEF OF THE YEAR – WINNERS DINNER

   Published: August 6, 2019

   We invite you to join us at the awards ceremony on the 4th September
   for a 4-course menu cooked by the four highest scoring finalists and
   watch as we crown The Young Chef Of The Year 2019!
   Read more

   M Restaurants Cook Book

M – A 24 HOUR COOK BOOK

    by Michael Reid

   BUY THE BOOK

Steak Restaurant London

   A FOREWARD FROM MARTIN WILLIAMS

   CEO and Founder of M Restaurant London

   Please do buy the cookbook above – It’s full of M’s Executive Chef
   Michael Reid’s brilliant recipes. Mike has had an epic career, since
   joining me on this challenge to not just create a new restaurant venue,
   not just another restaurant London, or a steak restaurant London, but a
   great institutional restaurant, one element of which is a Grill
   restaurant that happens to specialise in the worlds finest steak.

   Moving to London at eighteen, I fell in love with grande dame London
   restaurants such as Mezzo, Quaglino’s and The Ritz. I hope you get
   chance to experience and see that both the central London M restaurant
   venues enjoy a sense of theatricality inspired by these and similar
   venues, and see the attention to detail that we have applied with the
   attempt to create the perfect restaurant experience: Whether going
   Gluten Free in Raw, enjoying Mike’s great Fayre in the Grill restaurant
   or nipping into our Dog-Friendly Bars for a Wagyu snack or cocktail
   (there are not enough dog friendly restaurants in London BTW) We aim to
   offer quality in an understated luxurious environment.

   I opened M Restaurant London in November 2014, in Threadneedle St
   followed by M Victoria Street and M Wine Store in December 2015, next
   came M Bar and Grill Twickenham. M is the culmination of sixteen years
   of inspirations. These have burst out into each M venue, which house
   multifaceted offerings to create a ‘home from home’ so our guests can
   enjoy both heightened hospitality in a casual environment, all too rare
   nowadays in a London restaurant.

   Two of the best leaders and personalities in the industry head up the M
   family and created it with me from the outset. Andre Mannini is our
   Operations Director and the epitome of charm: he leads by example and
   his knowledge and passion for every element of hospitality is second to
   none. Without waxing lyrically about his amazing food- Another great
   leader, (born in London, trained by some of the greatest chefs from the
   Best Restaurant in London and the UK) our Executive Chef Michael Reid
   is the most intelligent chef I have ever come across. Both he and Andre
   have maturity and talent beyond their years.

   The M family is huge (sadly too big to mention each key individual) and
   when we have won awards (most recent accolades include Winner of Best
   Restaurant in London, Winner of Most Stylish Restaurant in UK, Winner
   of Best for Steak UK and Winner of Best Steakhouse in London), I have
   always been keen to emphasise that each member of the team has played a
   major part in our success. From kitchen porter to wine director, we
   appreciate every team member and are always looking for industry stars
   to join us on our journey.

   This journey, most recently led to our evolving our offering In the
   past year we have opened Londons first Tequila and Whisky Bar in M
   Threadneedle St, the first quality gluten free restaurant seen in
   London and our creating a new restaurant – M BAR & GRILL in Twickenham!

   I hope you enjoy the website and get to experience M soon.

M Restaurants London

Social

   M Logo

   © M W Restaurants Ltd  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy

   : 020 3327 7770  |
   : enquiries@mrestaurants.co.uk

   We use cookies to collect and analyse information on site performance
   and usage, and to enhance and customise content. By clicking "ACCEPT
   COOKIES" or into any content on this site you agree to allow cookies to
   be placed.ACCEPT COOKIES Privacy Policy
   [tr?id=219502655473673&ev=PageView &noscript=1] #M Victoria St » Feed M
   Victoria St » Comments Feed M Victoria St » M Raw, M Grill, M Bar & M
   Wine London Comments Feed alternate alternate

   (BUTTON) M Victoria St
     * M
     * VICTORIA ST
     * EAT
          + BREAKFAST
          + GRILL
          + RAW
          + BATTLE OF THE BRUNCHES
          + WAGYU EXPERIENCE MENU
          + CHRISTMAS MENU
          + PRIVATE DINING & EVENTS
          + PRE-THEATRE
          + DOGGY BRUNCH MENU
          + TAKEAWAY MENU
     * DRINK
          + M BAR
          + M DEN
          + M WINE
          + M WINE STORE
     * EVENTS
          + M NEWS
          + EVENTS
          + THE M NEWSLETTER
     * BOOK

   M Victoria Logo
   BEGIN    BOOK A TABLE

WINNER: BEST UK RESTAURANT 2018

M VICTORIA STREET

   Our M Restaurant in Victoria Street, won Best Restaurant 2018 in the
   Blue Badge Awards.

   There are many reasons to visit M Victoria Street: Our alfresco
   terrace, wine tasting room, Wine Store, Cocktail Bar, Private Dining,
   Private Members Lounge, or to dine in one of our two restaurants; M
   GRILL, which offers the worlds’ best steaks and sustainable seafood and
   M RAW, our 100% vegetarian restaurant with a modern menu designed to
   celebrate, not just accommodate, restaurant dining for vegetarians,
   vegans and diners with ‘free from’ preferences.

Mix it up »

TAKE A LOOK »

ENTER THE GRILL »

BUY OUR WINE »

CHEF MICHAEL REID

   Michael’s passion for gastronomy began at a young age and he began his
   professional career in 2001, whilst studying for his BA in Business &
   Marketing at the University of Portsmouth. After graduating, he secured
   an apprenticeship at The In & Out club in St James followed by the RAF
   Club. Next he trained in two of London’s definitive fine dining
   restaurants, Le Gavroche and Restaurant Gordon Ramsay, where his skills
   were honed under the tutelage of celebrated chefs Michel Roux Jr and
   Ramsay himself. In April 2007, Michael joined Martin at Gaucho and was
   Executive Chef for the entire Gaucho Group.

   In 2013, Michael departed London for Australia’s thriving restaurant
   scene, spending six months undertaking ‘stages’ at a number of
   Melbourne’s leading restaurants including with chef Ben Shewry in
   Attica, which in 2015 was ranked number 32 in the ‘World’s 50 Best
   Restaurants’ with Andrew Macdonald’s ‘Two Hat’ restaurant Cutler and Co
   and worked for two years’ with Australian celebrity chef Shannon

   Bennett in his award-winning Vue de Monde and Jardin Tan restaurants.
   Michael also collaborated with Australia’s finest chefs, including
   George Colombaris and Peter Gilmore and cooked alongside Heston
   Blumenthal at The Skinny Duck.

   In September 2015, Michael returned full time to London to open the
   second M venue in Victoria Street and to launch his first cookbook, ‘M
   – A 24 Hour Cookbook’ which was published worldwide by Bloomsbury
   Publishers. Michael writes his own food column in ‘City AM’ and has
   regularly featured in over the past year in ‘Great British Menu’,
   ‘Masterchef’ ‘Sunday Brunch’ and ‘The One Show’.

M Restaurant in Victoria London

   Looking for places to eat in Victoria? M Restaurant is conveniently
   located just a short walk from Victoria Station, Apollo Victoria
   Theatre, Victoria Palace Theatre. We are open Monday – Friday from 7am
   serving a delicious menu of breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner
   until 12am and from 11am-12am on Saturday. Book online or call 020 3327
   7776 to make a reservation, we also accept walk ins.

Find us

   M Restaurant Victoria – M, Zig Zag Building, 74 Victoria St, London,
   SW1E 6SQ

   : 020 3327 7776  |
   : victoriastreservations@mrestaurants.co.uk  |
   Open 7:00am – Midnight​,​ Monday – Friday  |  11:00am – Midnight​,​
   Saturday  |  Closed on Sunday

Reviews

     ``The hype seems justified, Bravo!``
     Evening Standard

     ``The greatest beef slab you will ever taste; borders on religious
     epiphany``GQ

     ``Since bursting onto the London dining scene, M has become one of
     the most sought after dining destinations in the capital, somewhat
     of a utopia for foodies and fine diners alike``Lux World Wide

     ``Michelin level modern food with flair.``London Dining Reviews

     “Top marks for all the steaks and the chicken karaage was the best
     starter we've tried in months”Foodism

     ``Seriously, the grilled flesh here is wonderful``William Sitwell,
     Huffington Post

     ``A City slickers playground puts Kobe back on the menu.``The
     Telegraph

     ``If you've got a hankering for meat, head down to' M Grill, a hot
     new contender for the best steak in London.``Steve Dinneen, City AM

     ``Expect some of best cuts of meat from around the world``Zagat

     ``Best international steaks in London``Taste of London

     ``RAW excels. In short, you've got the finest proteins from land and
     sea for a gourmet fix.``Epicure - Men's Health

     ``Stylish and ambitious... Michael Reid's menu matches beauty with
     the beast.``Bill Knott - Financial Times

GUEST REVIEWS

   M Victoria Street
   M Victoria Street
   4.3
   powered by Google
   Mary Redmond
   Mary Redmond
   12:49 10 Sep 19
   I found this restaurant on Google having never heard of it. A nice
   cocktail bar before moving to the restaurant which had a great vibe and
   a fantastic menu, especially if you are a meat eater. Our waiter was
   efficient, charming and knowledgeable about the wine list giving some
   excellent advice. I would recommend this place and wouldn't hesitate to
   come back.
   David Mackenzie
   David Mackenzie
   08:48 04 Sep 19
   Went here for dinner with my wife. Great choices on the menu. And my
   steak was really good. Best I've had in a while. Service was good too.
   Side dishes were a little bit small so order a few if you are hungry!
   Julie Vindis
   Julie Vindis
   15:08 03 Sep 19
   From the moment we stepped into the restaurant we were made to feel
   welcome. All the staff were courteous, thoughtful and efficient. The
   lamb and Argentinian steak dishes were delicious (perhaps a little
   sparse on included vegetables, more like a decoration than portion
   size.) Worth a visit.
   Alex Pierce
   Alex Pierce
   09:07 30 Aug 19
   I can honestly say that this is THE best steak we have ever had, and
   possibly ever will. Not to mention the sides. The mushroom and the
   chips were amazing! The ambience and the cocktail options make this the
   perfect venue in London. We will struggle to find better.
   Eliza Chiu
   Eliza Chiu
   21:25 29 Aug 19
   Food was amazing here and they are dog friendly too so make it super
   amazing and thus why the 5 stars. We went for my partners birthday and
   there wasn’t that many options that is a nice restaurant and took dogs
   aswell. This place was spacious and very cool on a hot hot day. Our dog
   loves it and so did all of us. The pork was amazing and the entrees
   were very good too. Highly recommend.
   Marcell Lachaussee
   Marcell Lachaussee
   08:23 27 Aug 19
   All I can say is AMAZING! Everything from when we walked in was
   perfect. Highly recommend. 👌I found it to be very good value for money
   and the service was second to none.
   Paige Ayoade
   Paige Ayoade
   20:21 22 Aug 19
   We had a fantastic experience when visiting this restaurant second time
   round. The service and food were both exceptional! A special thanks to
   Charlie and Peter for making our experience an unforgettable one! We
   will definitely be returning soon.
   Jhelisa Smith
   Jhelisa Smith
   20:13 22 Aug 19
   Visited M Grill this evening and the service was amazing. My family and
   I were made to feel very special and the staff went the extra mile.
   Food was good, minimal waiting time for food to reach the table and
   someone always on hand to assist. I would definitely recommend M Grill.
   The manager Charlie was particularly welcoming and polite. I will
   definitely be returning!!
   maria nieves
   maria nieves
   14:54 21 Aug 19
   I had a lovely experience at M victoria. Everything was wonderful,
   especially the food. The steaks are a must! Beautiful venue, nice
   atmosphere and great service! I will bring my family next time.
   Mattew Williams
   Mattew Williams
   08:00 12 Aug 19
   I found this place just walking by the street and I was pleasantly
   surprise.Just had a couple of drinks and snacks in the wine bar before
   I found out there's a huge restaurant downstairs. One of the staff gave
   me a little tour of the whole place, was very kind! Next time i'll try
   they delicious steaks. Can't wait!
   Teri Butcher
   Teri Butcher
   22:17 30 Jul 19
   I visited this restaurant back in June when my mother took me here for
   my 22nd birthday meal. I have been thinking about it ever since. Not
   only was the food delicious, the atmosphere and service the staff
   provided was of top standard. They were attentive, yet not intrusive,
   consistently bubbly when interacting with them and overall a credit to
   the M Restaurant brand. I look forward to visiting again.
   Antony Aziz
   Antony Aziz
   05:47 29 Jul 19
   Delicious meat. Stylish setting. Well presented. Meticulously
   explained. A perfect experience all round. The 1kg sharing meat board
   is a must have!
   Natalie Davis
   Natalie Davis
   08:52 15 Jul 19
   Thanks so much to everyone for making my Mum's 60th birthday meal so
   special. Great service, great atmosphere and the best steak I have ever
   eaten. Would highly recommend for anyone celebrating a special birthday
   with family.
   Ed D
   Ed D
   21:14 30 Jun 19
   My partner and I stopped off for Brunch, we were seated promptly and
   the host was very attentive. I was very impressed by the menu
   especially the vegan items. I have recently changed my preferences and
   mentioned this to the host; she recommended I try the veggie Courgette
   burger with the garlic Tzatziki. It was incredible and one of the best
   veggie items I have tried in a while. The food was served to us
   promptly, even during the lunch rush was beginning. I would highly
   recommend you try the vegan items. Overall very impressive place.
   Manpreet Dhingra
   Manpreet Dhingra
   20:59 30 Jun 19
   I came here to try their new vegan & vegetarian menu and it was
   amazing! The avocado was delicious! My partner had the buckwheat
   risotto who also loved it! I will be coming back to work my way through
   this new menu!
   Nancy K. Board
   Nancy K. Board
   08:49 12 Jun 19
   M Victoria Street was a great guest who kept the room clean with care
   for all of the appliances and amenities. We were able to communicate
   easily. She is a very considerate guest. Thank you M Victoria Street,
   see you again!
   Gerald Blair
   Gerald Blair
   04:36 10 Jun 19
   Amazing restaurant. One of my favorite. The Service is grade a quality.
   Staff are very attentive. Interior of the restaurant is just wonderful.
   In one word the restaurant is outstanding.
   Simon Taylor
   Simon Taylor
   17:52 07 Jun 19
   Tasted the new RAW menu - gluten free / vegan apparently now isn't
   boring or challenging if you've the talent of these guys. Wow, try the
   cabbage and crispy onions!!!! they've just put in a new pasta straw
   called a 'Stroodle' too, quite brilliant and I'll be back.
   Natalie Wood
   Natalie Wood
   10:20 29 May 19
   One of the best looking restaurants i have ever seen. From the moment
   my friends and I walked in we were greeted by friendly staff. The
   drinks and food were delicious - so many different options to choose
   from. Staff very knowledgeable on menu items. All round a great
   evening!
   Natasha Kinkade
   Natasha Kinkade
   10:07 28 May 19
   Fantastic and very sophisticated venue. The food looked amazing and
   tasted even better! Great selection of different steaks. Staff were
   really attentive, friendly & professional. And it was great to see that
   they actually knew the menu! Will definitely be coming back again.
   Ruby Hoque
   Ruby Hoque
   09:54 28 May 19
   Came here last week for my mum's birthday and it was everything we
   hoped it would be. The staff really looked after us and the food was
   delicious! From the music to ambience, i cant fault this place.
   BARBARA HILTON
   BARBARA HILTON
   10:26 17 Apr 19
   i have been in this restaurant last week and everything was perfect!We
   book the book a table menu that is a very convenient option for
   everyone !!! You can have 4 courses and free flowing prosecco for only
   £37.50!!! They give you some good snack at beginning and after you can
   chose 1 starter, 1 main and 1 dessert per person. The trout as starter
   was amazing!!!After I took the spring green risotto with peas and
   asparagus and it was delicious while my boyfriend took the pan fried
   hake that is was tasty too. At the end we choose the baked cheese cake
   with crumble and it was INCREDIBLE"!!! I absolutely advice to you this
   restaurant!!!
   laura gomez
   laura gomez
   09:07 11 Apr 19
   Amazing lunch at M restaurant in Victoria!I tried the burger and it was
   delicious ! It was cooked perfectly ! They also have a huge selection
   of very good wines!! When you read their wine list you will be in
   trouble....it is very difficult to make a choise between all of
   them!!The service was really attentive, professional and friendly!!
   Strongly recommend this place for a dinner date, friends gathering,
   event or quick lunch 🙂
   Antonio Martinez
   Antonio Martinez
   09:39 13 Mar 19
   Stunning restaurant!! I was in London for a two days trip and we booked
   this place online. We did not know anything about M till we were there.
   It is an amazing place where people are very welcoming and make you
   feel like at home. With regard to the food. Nothing can be fault. Steak
   cook to perfection and chips very crispy. Pairing wine absolutly spot
   on. Suggestion of the waitress. M is now part of my top ranking of the
   best restaurants.
   Kasia Dembska
   Kasia Dembska
   15:37 07 Mar 19
   Fantastic and sophisticated venue. Food that not only look amazing but
   it`s mouth watering. Great selection of steaks, as well good veggie
   options. Staff really attentive but not intrusive and really
   professional and friendly. Strongly recommend this place for a dinner
   date, friends gathering, event or quick lunch .
   Tudorache Nicoleta
   Tudorache Nicoleta
   15:12 07 Mar 19
   I was very impressed of this place! the drinks are amazing and the
   service as well. we had few couple of drinks at the bar which was
   delicious. The bartenders was very helpful and explain to us the menu
   Richard Rigg
   Richard Rigg
   16:07 07 Feb 19
   Just out of this world, all I can say is the service was out standing.
   It is a long time since I have been looked after with my friends as
   well as this in a restaurant. Moving on from the service to the food,
   this was mouth watering, everyone at the table enjoyed the food and
   said that they would return in the near future. If you read this and
   haven't visited yet you should put it to the top of your list to do.
   Jullia Wilson
   Jullia Wilson
   12:29 29 Jan 19
   Really enjoyed M Restaurants. Great steak and very good service. The
   waiter was very nice and he offer us an amazing service .I have booked
   to go back already. Ribeye was lovely and so were the sides. If you
   like steak I would highly recommend M Restaurant.
   Alina Alexa
   Alina Alexa
   11:27 24 Jan 19
   Absolutely beautiful evening with delightful wine tasting and steak
   sampling from 6 different regions. My personal favourite was the
   Argentinian steak and the M collection wine created by Susana Balbo
   specially for M restaurant. Great atmosphere and staff! We had the
   pleasure to meet Erika who’s made our wine tasting experience amazing
   with her charm and knowledge about my favourite drink  wine!
   Cintya Mountain
   Cintya Mountain
   09:05 14 Jan 19
   This was a perfect choice for a busy day. We arrived to M with no
   booking done, but the team was very lovely and welcoming. They didn't
   hesitate to accommodated our request. They provide us with a lovely
   booth were we could rest and enjoy through our meal. The food was
   served promptly and tasted delicious. Not a single thing to fault to M.
   Scott McNulty
   Scott McNulty
   10:53 29 Dec 18
   Our concierge suggested M Victoria for our fist dinner in London and we
   could have been happier. Our host, Ryan had a wonderful understanding
   of the amazing wine list as well as the incredible selection of steaks.
   Definitely worth a visit.
   Jamil Abubaker
   Jamil Abubaker
   09:50 19 Dec 18
   High end restaurant. Great food and great service. All dietary
   requirements provided for (even halal - but do need to ask in advance).
   Milly Skriczka
   Milly Skriczka
   09:08 19 Dec 18
   As ever, amazing food and amazing staff. The best steak in London!!
   Their private dining room is perfect for a working lunch/dinner. Always
   perfect, never disappoint. Thank you, Martin.
   Ade Ajayi
   Ade Ajayi
   10:46 16 Dec 18
   We were a bit late, due to traffic but the staff were very
   accommodating we were a party of 12. Lovely evening, good food and
   drinks. Averagely priced for central London. Very nice establishment.
   Laura Solber
   Laura Solber
   09:37 19 Nov 18
   Amazing restaurant and bar. The staff are welcoming and very polite. I
   like the fact that you can sit at the bar and have a delicious cocktail
   before dinner. The meat in this restaurant is amazing. Always It has
   been cook to perfection and their dessert are mouth watering
   Sabina Tucked
   Sabina Tucked
   09:54 15 Nov 18
   I came here last night after my friend recommended it to us and It was
   the best decision we could take. The steak was very nice, the chips and
   the greens lovely as well. Great beer and good dessert. The place is
   very nice and the staff super friendly. Will definitely come back next
   time!
   Marina Suttons
   Marina Suttons
   08:30 13 Nov 18
   We came to the this restaurant to try the new Korean Menu, and as
   always in M, we were delightful by the quality of the food. Great menu
   all pairing with amazing cocktails. They complement each dish. Worth
   the money.
   Nayahmar pure
   Nayahmar pure
   08:10 13 Nov 18
   Fantastic restaurant with excellent food. The staff was also very
   welcoming and made us feel very relaxed and comfortable. The food was
   cooked as we ordered. Steak melted in the mouth and the pairing with
   the wine , suggested by the waiter, was spot on.
   Clara Gabarron
   Clara Gabarron
   09:03 10 Nov 18
   Nice restaurant with nice and professional staff. I had last night
   reservation for two. The evening was perfect. We had a drink by the
   bar. We really enjoyed the decor and the staff amiability. Once at the
   table the cuality of the food was superb. Really a place to enjoy!!!
   Nikola Šebestová
   Nikola Šebestová
   17:58 09 Nov 18
   I went for nice dinner few days ago. The best part was a drink in bar
   where U can see staff has good knowledge, bartender Nicola took care of
   us. Thank U, We will be back again
   Philippe Larson
   Philippe Larson
   09:17 09 Nov 18
   This place is absulutly amazing! The selection of cuts and meats
   available is great as well as the wine list to pared with each meal.
   The staff is also very welcoming and knowledgeable. This place is
   definitely worth a visit.
   caross Carloss
   caross Carloss
   23:29 07 Nov 18
   Best steak restaurant in London. A little hidden Gem in Victoria. It's
   not easy to find as go through the wine shop to get in, but once you're
   in the beefy adventure begins. We'll be back
   Mark
   Mark
   08:33 28 Oct 18
   Great food and service at a reasonable price following a deal online.
   Only a 5 minute walk from Victoria station made choosing M even easier.
   The staff also helped to celebrate a birthday by putting together a
   great birthday plate and candle. Would definitely go again.
   Igoras hyde
   Igoras hyde
   07:29 19 Oct 18
   Food here is amazing and the staff very helpful. It was a great idea to
   booked with M. We had the four courses meal with bottomless prosecco
   and we enjoyed thoroughly the experience. Looking forward to coming
   back.
   Niall O'Shea
   Niall O'Shea
   18:30 17 Oct 18
   Very welcoming staff and the sharers were very tasty. They are also dog
   friendly and let us bring our two dogs in with us even on a Friday
   evening! We thought we'd have to sit outside.
   Josh Smith
   Josh Smith
   08:15 04 Oct 18
   Amazing place with amazing food. It ticked all our boxed; good food,
   good service, stunning decor, great wines selections and cocktails. I
   celebrated my birthday with my four friends and the team was very
   attentive. Thank you to all for make my day so special.
   Isabelle Grant
   Isabelle Grant
   10:39 18 Sep 18
   The food was absolutely beautiful and the service was fantastic. The
   meat is a little on the pricey side but definitely worth it.The dessert
   was 10/10, seriously delicious! I would highly recommend this place for
   the amazing food and great service.
   Matthew Mathew
   Matthew Mathew
   12:34 26 Aug 18
   1. Food was excellent quality the Chateaubriand was my favourite.2.
   Waiters were very polite and service was excellent3. The restaurant
   offers 50% off if you have gourmets society4. The toilet's are
   excellent and have Japanese style toilet seat which is an experience to
   sit on
   Weronika Pietras
   Weronika Pietras
   09:34 25 Aug 18
   Such a lovely restaurant, the food was exceptional. Steak literally
   melted in your mouth, sides were tasty and all cooked to perfection.
   Waiter Sebastian and Salvatore were very helpful in their
   recommendations and attentive to us. Definitely will return when back
   in London.
   chris bedwhite
   chris bedwhite
   08:32 20 Aug 18
   This restaurant Is a must visit. Everything in our Saturday evening was
   amazing. Starting for the staff. Every one of them was polite and
   accommodating. Once on the table the perfection of our Argentinian rump
   steak was delightful. Clearly high quality!!!
   Silvana Gocheva
   Silvana Gocheva
   14:27 18 Aug 18
   Great cocktails, delicious steaks and excellent service. It’s a great
   place to spend the evening out. Staff are extremely welcoming and
   helpful with the choice of food and drinks. The wine selection was the
   biggest I’ve seen in my life. Cocktails were the perfect end of the
   night. Thank you for the hospitality guys!!
   Mara dsouza
   Mara dsouza
   13:06 02 Aug 18
   The best steak I ever had in London. Not a doubt!!! I ordered Rib Eye
   Steak and was to die for. It melted in the mouth like butter. It has
   been one of the best food experience since I am in this country. Highly
   recommendable. Thank you :))
   Marie C
   Marie C
   21:40 30 Jun 18
   We went there to celebrate a birthday, and our hotel , The Conrad St
   James, suggested it since we could walk to it.It was terrific from the
   start. We mentioned our hotel and they treated us well. Drinks, meal
   and dessert were amazing. We ordered their specialty steaks for our
   meals. The food melts in your mouth. Service was outstanding. We
   thoroughly enjoyed our time there! They made a beautiful birthday
   dessert, but we ate it! No photo
   sergio martinez
   sergio martinez
   10:26 15 Jun 18
   Best restaurant I have been in the last months!!!! Amazing location,
   design and people. We got a very warm welcoming, Once on the table the
   quality of service was supreme. We enjoyed our food well pairing with a
   great selections of wines. The meat was a real jewel. We will be coming
   soon.
   Defending William Against DMD
   Defending William Against DMD
   13:16 30 Apr 18
   Fantastic venue to host my son's fundraising dinner and auction for 89
   people on 28/04/18. Such amazing food, service, attention to detail and
   ambience. Would highly recommend this venue for events or simply a meal
   with friends.Thank you to all the amazing staff
   Melissa Bekett
   Melissa Bekett
   22:07 26 Apr 18
   Came here for a birthday dinner and remained very impressed. The food
   is amazing and is definitely worth the price. Highly recommend!!!
   Caroline Keane
   Caroline Keane
   11:43 06 Apr 18
   Loving this restaurant! I am a regular, food is spectacular and the
   staff is super friendly. Feeling like a home away from home. I will be
   back next month!
   Deb Mathews
   Deb Mathews
   09:55 27 Mar 18
   First visit, definitely won't be the last one. Outstanding service and
   the food is to die for! Highly recommend braised short rib, great value
   for money considering the quality of the produce. So happy in fact we
   have just booked our tickets for the Masquerade Party. Really looking
   forward to it! See you soon.
   Alexandra Cox
   Alexandra Cox
   13:01 18 Feb 18
   One of my favourite places in London! Fabulous for drinks at the bar, a
   meal in the restaurant or both. Wonderfully extensive wine list, superb
   food and excellent service - you are always well looked after.
   cherelyn elbourne
   cherelyn elbourne
   22:07 09 Dec 17
   I held my birthday party at M Restaurant, Victoria recently and the
   service from start to finish was exceptional. Martin and Stacey helped
   me plan and book the space and Charlie and Alessio were the perfect
   hosts on the night. Everything went to plan. They handled the food
   service and took care of all the details, leaving me free to enjoy my
   night. The Den is such a great space for hosting parties, with good
   transport links and a private serviced bar with excellent service from
   the whole team. Thank you M!
   Mark Struder
   Mark Struder
   09:09 18 Oct 17
   Not my first dining experience at M Victoria and it certainly won't be
   my last. If you love steak then this place definitely has to be on your
   list. Having eaten at the Hawksmoor which is another favourite this
   place is even better in my opinion. Tip: check out the secret bar area
   if you can
   Ardent Reach
   Ardent Reach
   18:32 19 Sep 17
   Recently had dinner with my husband for our anniversary and loved the
   experience. We were served by Esam, who made us feel so special on our
   momentous occasion and we want to thank him especially. Was incredulous
   by the pricing but the food was delicious. Would definitely recommend
   M, especially with the wonderful service from our waiter.
   Maria Echeverria
   Maria Echeverria
   18:15 31 Aug 17
   Went for a private event. The canapes were lovely and the staff was
   amazing in particular Ernesto. He was polite, hardworking and kept the
   drinks rolling! Great job, Ernesto. Thank you everyone.
   Next Reviews Write a review

Social

   M Logo

   © M W Restaurants Ltd  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy

   : 020 3327 7776  |
   : victoriastreservations@mrestaurants.co.uk  |
   Open 7:00am – Midnight​,​ Monday – Friday  |  11:00am - Midnight​,​
   Saturday  |  Closed on Sunday


   M Restaurants: Open Table Diner's Choice 2018
