   []

    #alternate alternate alternate alternate

Bringing together data, systems, and people for a digitally connected
business.

Domo transforms the way these companies manage business.

   [logo-customer-danaher-color.svg] [logo-customer-ebay-color.svg]
   [customer-logo-espn-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-the-washington-post-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-trip-advisor-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-comcast-color.svg]

The power of the platform.

   Seven enterprise-scale systems working together to connect your
   business and drive smart decision-making.
   Domo Platform Pillars

Connect

   Integrate from
   all sources

Store

   Deliver speed
   at scale

Prepare

   Cleanse, join,
   and combine

Visualize

   Empower all
   with insights

Collaborate

   Enable seamless
   collaboration

Predict

   See what’s next
   with AI tools

Extend

   Use pre-built
   & custom apps

Rapid speed to value.

     * Maximizes existing investments.
     * Rapid deployment through app solutions.
     * Start up in days, not months.

Unlimited scale.

     * Built for thousands of users.
     * Scales up to billions of rows of data.
     * Seamless integration to any data source.

Enterprise security and control.

     * Governed and certified content delivery.
     * Best in class multi-layer security.

Empower everyone to do more with data.

   With Domo, your systems are linked and connected to your people,
   allowing them to access the right data, at the right time, on any
   device.

   Get data insights in real time for fast decision-making.

   Use built-in collaboration and productivity tools to foster discussions
   about data insights.

   With Domo, our data is transparent and accessible. Instead of waiting
   for month-end reports, we look at current and relevant data every day
   to make real-time decisions.

Works with the data and systems you already use.

   Make the most of your existing investments with the platform’s flexible
   architecture.

   Use Domo with your data lakes, data warehouses, ETL tools, and more.

   Connect any systems with Domo as the hub between them for
   bi-directional data exchange.

   Domo has far exceeded my expectations. It was much simpler to get
   disparate data sources into the system than I'd ever imagined.

Endless possibilities for building solutions on the Domo platform.

   From custom apps and connectors to full app suites built by Domo, the
   extensibility of Domo’s platform is second to none.

Domo's Retail Suite

   Domo Apps get you real-time retail metrics you need, the moment you
   need them.

Domo's Media Suite

   Your programmatic advertising data, all in one place, for on-demand
   insights.

Data Science Suite

   Fortune 50 companies use Domo to see metrics they need for predictive
   insights.

Domo's Marketing Suite

   Real-time marketing reporting across channels for improved campaign
   performance.

Domo's IoT Cloud

   Make the most of your consumer or industrial IoT device data by
   connecting it to Domo and surfacing insights.

What people are saying about Domo.

   [0?ti=4030601&Ver=2]
    #alternate alternate alternate alternate

あらゆるデバイスから
あなたのビジネスを動かすプラットフォーム

Domoは業界を代表する企業に選ばれています。

   [logo-customer-lawson-color.svg] [logo-customer-panasonic-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-softbank-color.svg] [logo-customer-nikkei-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-nomura-real-estate-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-kao-color.svg]

Power of the platform

   7SAMURAIというDomoが考えるコンポーネントを組み合わせることで、企業内のデータを接続し、スマートな意思決定を可能にします。
   Domo Platform Pillars

接続
Connect

   あらゆるソースの
   データを統合

保存
Store

   大量のデータを
   高速で配信

準備
Prepare

   クレンジング、結合、
   統合

可視化
Visualize

   すべてのユーザーに
   インサイトを

コラボレーション
Collaborate

   インサイトを共有

予測
Predict

   AIツールの
   新たな活用法

拡張
Extend

   作成済みAppと
   カスタムApp

短期間で価値を具体化

     * 既存資産を最大限に活用可能
     * Appソリューションによって迅速な展開が可能
     * わずか数日間の準備で利用開始

無制限の拡張性

     * 数千人のユーザーに対応
     * 数十億行のデータを取扱い可能
     * 様々なデータソースをシームレスに統合

エンタープライズレベルのセキュリティ機能と管理機能

     * 管理と認証に基づくコンテンツ配信
     * クラス最高レベルの多層化セキュリティ

すべてのユーザーが、データの価値を引き出せる

   Domoによって多数のシステムがリンクされ、ユーザーとつながります。ユーザーは様々なデバイスを使って、いつでも正しいデータにアクセスできるよう
   になります。

   データインサイトをリアルタイムで得られるため、意思決定が迅速化される。

   標準で提供しているコラボレーションツールと生産性を高めるツールを使用して、データインサイトについてユーザー間で議論を深めることができる。

   Domoを利用することで、データの透明性とアクセスのしやすさが確保されました。月末の報告書を待つことなく、毎日、関連する最新のデータを確認し、
   リアルタイムに判断を行っています。

既存のデータやシステムにも対応

   柔軟なアーキテクチャを備えたDomoプラットフォームなら、既存のデータやシステムも最大限に活用できます。

   Domoを既存のデータレイク、データウェアハウス、ETLツールなどと組み合わせて利用できる。

   システムをつなぐハブとしてDomoを利用することで、双方向のデータ交換を実現する。

   Domoは私の期待をはるかに上回っています。これほどシンプルな方法で、分散したデータソースをシステムに接続できるとは思いませんでした。

Domoプラットフォームにおけるソリューション開発の無限の可能性

   カスタムApp、コネクター、さらに進化したビジネスAppまで作成できるDomoプラットフォームは、他の追随を許さない拡張性を実現します。

DomoのRetail Suite

   小売業界で求められるメトリクスを必要なときにリアルタイムで提供するDomo Appです。

DomoのMedia Suite

   すべての広告データを1つの場所に集約して、オンデマンドでインサイトを得ることができます。

Data Science Suite

   Fortune 50の企業がDomoを利用して、予測インサイトを分析するために必要な指標を得ています。

DomoのMarketing Suite

   複数チャンネルのマーケティングレポートをリアルタイムで作成。キャンペーンパフォーマンスを高めます。

Domoの評価をご紹介

   [0?ti=4030601&Ver=2]
    #alternate alternate alternate

Daten, Systeme und Personen für ein digital vernetztes Unternehmen verbinden.

Domo setzt für diese Unternehmen neue Maßstäbe bei der Führung ihres
Geschäfts.

   [logo-customer-danaher-color.svg] [customer-logo-cisco-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-dell-emc-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-the-washington-post-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-new-york-times-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-trip-advisor-color.svg]

Die Vorteile der Plattform.

   Sieben Systeme der Unternehmensklasse arbeiten zusammen, um Ihr
   Unternehmen zu verbinden und intelligente Entscheidungen zu
   ermöglichen.
   Domo Platform Pillars

Verbinden

   Integration aus
   allen Quellen

Speichern

   Geschwindigkeit bei
   großen Datenmengen

Vorbereiten

   Bereinigen, Verbinden
   und Kombinieren

Visualisieren

   Einblicke für
   alle

Zusammenwirken

   Nahtlose
   Zusammenarbeit

Vorhersagen

   Ein Blick in die Zukunft
   mit AI-Tools

Erweitern

   Vordefinierte und
   benutzerdefinierte Apps

Schnelle Wertschöpfung.

     * Maximiert vorhandene Investitionen.
     * Schnelle Bereitstellung dank App-Lösungen.
     * Einsatzbereit in Tagen und nicht in Monaten.

Unbegrenzte Skalierung.

     * Für Tausende Benutzer konzipiert.
     * Auf Milliarden von Datenzeilen skalierbar.
     * Nahtlose Integration in jede beliebige Datenquelle.

Unternehmenssicherheit und -kontrolle.

     * Kontrollierte und zertifizierte Inhaltszustellung.
     * Erstklassige mehrschichtige Sicherheit.

Jetzt kann jeder mehr aus Daten machen.

   Mit Domo sind Ihre Systeme vernetzt und mit Ihren Mitarbeitern
   verbunden. So können diese auf jedem beliebigen Gerät zur richtigen
   Zeit auf die richtigen Daten zugreifen.

   Erlangen Sie Dateneinblicke in Echtzeit und treffen Sie schnell
   Entscheidungen.

   Nutzen Sie integrierte Zusammenarbeits- und Produktivitätstools für
   Diskussionen über Dateneinblicke.

   Mit Domo sind unsere Daten transparent und zugänglich. Anstatt auf
   Monatsabschlussberichte warten zu müssen, können wir täglich auf
   aktuelle und relevante Daten zugreifen, um Echtzeitentscheidungen zu
   treffen.

Funktioniert mit den Daten und Systemen, die Sie bereits verwenden.

   Nutzen Sie Ihre bereits getätigten Investitionen mit der flexiblen
   Architektur der Plattform optimal aus.

   Verwenden Sie Domo mit Ihren Data Lakes, Data Warehouses, ETL-Tools und
   mehr.

   Verbinden Sie beliebige Systeme mit Domo als Hub dazwischen und
   ermöglichen Sie so bidirektionalen Datenaustausch.

   Domo hat meine Erwartungen wesentlich übertroffen. Es war viel
   leichter, als ich es je gedacht hätte, unterschiedliche Datenquellen in
   das System einzubinden.

Grenzenlose Möglichkeiten zum Aufbau von Lösungen auf der Domo-Plattform.

   Von benutzerdefinierten Apps und Konnektoren bis hin zu
   App-Komplettsuites von Domo – die Plattform von Domo lässt sich so gut
   wie keine andere erweitern.

Domo-Einzelhandel-Suite

   Mit Domo-Apps erhalten Sie die Echtzeitmetriken, die Sie brauchen, wenn
   Sie sie brauchen.

Domo-Medien-Suite

   Ihre programmatischen Werbedaten an einer zentralen Stelle für
   Einblicke nach Bedarf.

Data Science-Suite

   Fortune 50-Unternehmen nutzen Domo für Metriken, die ihnen
   vorausschauende Einblicke ermöglichen.

Domo-Marketing-Suite

   Kanalübergreifende Echtzeit-Marketingberichte für verbesserte
   Kampagnenleistung.

Was man sich über Domo erzählt.

Das kann Domo für Sie tun.

Testen Sie Domo jetzt.

Sehen Sie sich eine Live-Demo an.

   Sub-second queries at scale

   Select from packages that include data storage and query volumes

   Powerful drag-and-drop ETL

   Over 1,000 pre-built and custom data connectors

   Bi-directional data flow to write data back to source systems

   Over 150 interactive chart types

   Real-time alerts and push notifications

   Instant collaboration with chat

   Native apps for iOS and Android

   SSO integration

   Access to hundreds of pre-built business apps

   Programmatic management with APIs

   Enterprise security features including SSO integration, personalized
   data permissions, and BYOK data encryption

   Reallocated 20% of their time from data prep to data analysis.

   What we couldn’t accomplish with the previous BI tool, we were able to
   establish in a week. That includes connecting the data, manipulating
   the data, and visualizing it in Domo.

   In their first year, Telus created more than 42k cards, each answering
   a different business question.

Platform capabilities.

   Scale as your organization grows.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Cloud scale and
   performance Scale automatically with dynamic scaling and Domo’s
   Massively Parallel Processing architecture in the cloud.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Sub-second data queries at
   scale Enable a responsive experience with fast query handling using
   Domo’s live cache layer.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Simultaneous queries Get fast responses with concurrent queries, even
   on billions of rows, when querying the database while viewing or
   building reports, or when querying a dataset via API.
   checkmark-success-brand

   API access Programmatically administer your account and manage your
   data in Domo.

   Integrate data from all sources.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Over 1,000 pre-built data connectors With over 1,000 pre-built
   connectors and hundreds of other ways to connect to your data, Domo
   eliminates time-consuming and costly engineering projects.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Connect to any on-premises
   data Leave your data on-premises or migrate it to the cloud with Domo
   Workbench.
   checkmark-success-brand

   File upload connectors Domo enables you to pull Excel
   spreadsheets—along with data from any other source—into a single,
   cloud-based platform.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Bi-Directional Data
   Exchange Send data from Domo back to your source systems for immediate
   action, with writeback connectors supporting Amazon S3 and RedShift,
   SFTP, Google Cloud Storage, Salesforce, and more.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Federated
   queries Keep your existing data warehouse behind your firewall, but
   query and visualize the data without duplicating it in Domo, with
   support for several top cloud data warehouse engines.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Upsert Update your data by inserting new records and updating existing
   records at the same time. Combine, cleanse, and transform data sources.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Data transformations Combine multiple data sources together in a single
   platform, with no coding skills required.

   Combine, cleanse, and transform data sources.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Magic ETL Use our simple drag-and-drop ETL tool to visually define and
   sequence operations, with no coding skills required.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Data transformations Combine multiple data sources together in a single
   platform, with no coding skills required.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Dataflows Dataflows enable you to setup data-transformation pipelines
   to cleanse, normalize, transform, or aggregate your data directly in
   Domo, either via our guided drag-and-drop Magic ETL experience or
   through writing expressions directly for AWS RedShift or MySQL.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Fusion Fusions allow you to quickly combine (Join, or Union) multiple
   data sources.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Append Update input data sets with append operations.

   Get fast insights with powerful visualizations.
   checkmark-success-brand

   150+ interactive chart
   types Choose from our collection of over 150 chart types for data
   visualizations, powered by Domo’s proprietary chart visualization
   engine that incudes data science charts, tables, and maps.
   checkmark-success-brand

   7,000+ custom maps Choose from thousands of custom maps, each uniquely
   created to visualize your data by geographic region, or upload your own
   maps and add them to Domo with a few clicks.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Domo Stories Create customizable dashboards to guide users through your
   data visualizations.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Analyzer Build powerful data visualizations with a simple drag and drop
   interface, allowing you to make complex sets of data consumable with
   just a few simple clicks. Quickly filter or sort data without altering
   the data source or affecting the view of other users.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Beast Mode Calculate new metrics from single or multiple datasets
   without altering the values of your existing data, either using complex
   SQL dialects or simple functions in the interface.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Live Mode Ensure you are making decisions with real-time data, using
   cards and dashboards that update automatically.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Mobile app Access your data from native iOS and Android Domo apps.
   Deploy data once and it’s subsequently available from any device.
   checkmark-success-brand

   No-code apps Create custom visualizations using Domo’s developer tools,
   even if you don’t know how to code.

   Collaborate with internal and external teams.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Unlimited card sharing Share data visualizations with anyone within
   Domo, with no limits on sharing.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Instant chat and collaboration Collaborate on your data all in one
   place with Domo Buzz, Domo’s chat app.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Invite
   management Control who has access to Domo and who can invite others.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Scheduled
   reports Receive regular snapshots of dashboard content directly to your
   inbox, both for individuals inside and outside of Domo.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Domo Embed Embed Domo visualizations into your own portals, websites,
   or applications.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Domo Publish Publish data for partners and customers to securely
   consume across multiple Domo instances.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Profiles See a full org chart with profiles of your colleagues,
   including their location, groups they belong to, and more.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Tasks and
   Projects Create tasks for your team to manage action items and
   projects.

   Guide decision making with predictive insights and alerts.
   checkmark-success-brand

   AI-driven alerts Put your data to work by creating powerful alerts that
   can help you manage by exception and keep you apprised on the most
   important things happening with your business.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Push
   notifications Receive notifications on your phone when data changes
   from your defined threshold.
   checkmark-success-brand

   R and Python integration Complete processing on a DataSet in R or
   Python, then upload the changes back to Domo.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Insights Get AI-powered insights into your data with Domo’s deep
   learning and descriptive stats module.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Natural language queries Ask questions about your data in natural
   language and get an instant response with text bots.

   Maintain data integrity and governance.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Live View View all of the systems connected to Domo in a single view
   and troubleshoot errors.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Bulk content
   administration Manage all data and create, duplicate, or delete groups
   of visualizations with batch management tools.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Certified content Route data to trusted approvers to verify its
   accuracy and let users know it can be trusted.
   checkmark-success-brand

   HIPAA
   compliance Ensure compliance with HIPAA-compliant server environments.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Custom data encryption
   (BYOK) Provide extra protection of your data by using your company's
   keys to encrypt data.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Programmatic management with APIs Perform bulk operations and query
   data using several options, including a RESTful API or .NET.

   Define and manage customized user access.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Departmental isolation Protect data with departmental administration
   controls, including dynamic and closed groups to specify access to a
   departments content.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Custom roles Create and manage custom roles to restrict access to Domo
   features beyond the built-in Domo roles.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Bulk user administration Administer and govern all users and groups
   with batch management tools.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Personalized data permissions Secure information by adding entitlement
   policies to grant data access only to authorized individuals and
   groups, down to the row level.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Access to Audit Log dashboard Search and report on all user activity in
   Domo.
   checkmark-success-brand

   SAML-based SSO Authenticate to Domo using your corporate identity
   provider.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Multi-factor
   authentication Increase security and peace of mind with two-step
   authentication.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Publication
   groups Share your Domo content with people outside of your organization
   while still customizing each person's view of or access level to the
   data.

   Build on our open cloud platform.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Appstore access Access hundreds of pre-built apps and connectors
   designed to address specific business needs.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Domo app solutions Add Domo’s app solutions to your platform with
   industry-specific solutions built by Domo to address common use cases.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Connector IDE If you can’t find the connector you need, use Domo’s
   integrated development environment (IDE) to create custom connectors.
   checkmark-success-brand

   Custom apps Create custom Domo apps for your own use or to be shared in
   the Appstore.
   checkmark-success-brand

   No-code apps Create custom visualizations using Domo’s developer tools,
   even if you don’t know how to code.
   checkmark-success-brand

   App Design
   Studio Harness the power of Adobe Illustrator to build stunning,
   real-time infographics.
   checkmark-success-brand

   App Dev Studio Gain ultimate flexibility and develop your own custom
   visualizations using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and just about any web
   technology.

   Still have questions? Contact us

Domo transforms the way these companies manage business.

   [logo-customer-honest-company-color.svg] [logo-customer-ebay-color.svg]
   [customer-logo-cisco-color.svg] [logo-customer-danaher-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-the-washington-post-color.svg]
   [logo-customer-comcast-color.svg]

Learn more about Domo’s pricing.

   [0?ti=4030601&Ver=2]
