              HEYU - X10 Automation for Linux, Unix, and Mac OS X

Navigation

     * Home
     * FAQ
     * Credits
     * Utilities
     * Version 1 pages
     * Documentation
     * Links
     * Old Heyu License
     * Download
     * Projects

Introduction

   HEYU is a text-based console program for remotely controlling lights
   and appliances in the home or office.   The complete source is made
   available under the GNU GPLv3 license.

   Heyu uses the CM11A computer interface to send and receive X10 control
   signals over the AC power lines to modules which can turn On, Off, or
   Dim attached lamps or appliances.   It can store a schedule of timed
   events in the CM11A memory for execution when the computer is turned
   off or disconnected.

   Heyu supports an optional W800RF32A, MR26A, or RFXCOM RF receiver
   connected to a second port as an auxiliary input device for RF signals
   from X10 and other supported transmitters.

   Heyu can also use an optional CM17A interface to transmit X10 RF
   signals.

Features

   Highly configurable and able to transmit and receive any X10 signal
   supported by the CM11A.

   Monitor and/or log all X10 signals on the power line.

   Maintain a record of the state (On, Off, Dim level) of modules based on
   received or transmitted X10 signals.   A variety of different lamp and
   appliance module types are supported as well as specialty modules like
   RCS-compatible thermostats and remote thermometers, and shutter motor
   controllers.

   Decoders are included for RF signals received by a W800RF32A or RFXCOM
   receiver from security remotes and sensors and from RFXSensor
   Temperature, Humidity, and Barometric Pressure sensors, and with a
   RFXCOM 433.92 MHz receiver for RF signals from RFXMeter Power, Water,
   Gas, and Pulse sensors, Digimax thermostat, KaKu remotes, and Oregon
   Scientific, Electrisave, and Owl CM119 sensors.

   Execute scripts or commands based on received or transmitted X10
   powerline or RF signals and the recorded states of modules.

   Upload schedules of timed events and macros to the CM11A memory for
   operation without a computer.
     * Events may be scheduled for execution at local clock times or
       relative to the times of daily Dawn or Dusk.
     * Schedules may be uploaded for the calendar year, or alternatively
       for a period beginning on the current date and extending a year
       into the future.
     * Event dates and times are automatically adjusted for Leap Years and
       periods of Standard and Daylight Time.

   Control multiple CM11A interfaces connected to different serial ports
   on the same computer.

   With an optional CM17A device, transmit X10 RF signals to a transceiver
   for conversion to power line signals (possibly on a separate branch of
   the AC line), or to an X10 RF receiver connected to a different
   computer.   Any of the 64K different RF signals supported by the CM17A
   may be transmitted.
   Operating Systems

   Heyu is developed and maintained under Linux.   Compile options for Mac
   OS X (Darwin), FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, SunOS/Solaris, SCO Unix, AIX,
   NextStep, and OSF have been implemented with the aid of the Heyu User
   Community.
   Hardware

   The CM11A is manufactured by X-10 (USA) Inc and sold as such and as
   part of their CK11A ActiveHome kit.   It is also sold rebranded as the
   IBM HD11 Home Director and the RCA HC60CRX Home Control Interface. It
   plugs into an AC socket and connects to the computer via an RS232
   serial port.   (A USB-Serial adapter can be used for computers which
   don't have an RS232 port.)   It has a clock with battery backup and a 1
   KB non-volatile memory for stored timers and macros.   Compatible 230
   Volt devices are sold outside North America as various CM11x models;
   in the UK as the CM12U.

   Heyu also supports the CM10A (IBM HD16), an older device similar to the
   CM11A but without clock or battery backup, and marketed as an early
   version of the IBM Home Director.

   The W800RF32A RF receiver is manufactured by WGL & Associates.   This
   device can receive X10 RF signals from standard, entertainment, and
   security remotes and sensors.   In addition to the US/Canada version,
   an international version, the W800RF32AE, is available which operates
   at the X10 RF frequency used in Europe and elsewhere.

   The RFXCOM X10 RF receiver from RFXCOM is a USB device but incorporates
   an FTDI USB-Serial chipset and maps to a serial port.    It can receive
   X10 RF signals from standard, entertainment, and security remotes and
   sensors, and is available in both 310 MHz US/Canada and 433.92 MHz
   International frequency versions.   The International version can also
   receive signals from RFXMeter sensors, Digimax thermostats, and Oregon
   sensors.

   The X-10 MR26A receiver can receive X10 RF signals from standard and
   some entertainment remotes, but not security remotes or sensors.

   For users in North America, Heyu optionally integrates support for the
   X-10 CM17A "Firecracker", a small serial dongle which transmits X10 RF
   signals.   (The CM11A and CM17A coexist on the same serial port - no
   additional port is required.)

   Heyu does NOT support the X-10 CP290 interface, the Smarthome PowerLinc
   1132B interface, or any USB-only interface like the X-10 CM15A
   "ActiveHome Pro".
   Support

   Support for Heyu is provided via the heyu_users forum at Yahoo groups.
     Heyu developers and members of the Heyu User Community receive and
   respond to Heyu questions, bug reports, and feature requests.   New
   releases of Heyu will be announced there.
   Development

   Current activities can be followed on the Heyu project page at GitHub.
   Some old development related information can still be found on Heyu
   development space at Assembla site before it is migrated to GitHub.

     * Website Copyright 2005 Charles W. Sullivan

     * Valid XHTML 1.0! Valid CSS!
