     * StudentTests
     * Master
     * PhD
     * Law
     * Bachelor
     * MBA
     * Healthcare
     * Courses
     * Online

     * English
          +   {{ lang.title }}

   Join for free
   Student sign in
   (BUTTON)
   Best Masters Degrees & Masters Programs 2019/2020
   STUDENTTESTS.COM
     * GMAT Test by Country
     * GMAT Practice
     * GMAT Registration
     * GMAT Score

     * Sign in
     * Join for free

Degrees

     * StudentTests
     * Master
     * PhD
     * Law
     * Bachelor
     * MBA
     * Healthcare
     * Courses
     * Online

Categories

     * GMAT Test by Country
     * GMAT Practice
     * GMAT Registration
     * GMAT Score

About

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Keystone Marketing
     * Terms and Conditions
     * Privacy
     * Sitemap

     * Select Your Test
          + GMAT Test Afghanistan
          + GMAT Test Albania
          + GMAT Test Algeria
          + GMAT Test American Samoa
          + GMAT Test Andorra
          + GMAT Test Angola
          + GMAT Test Argentina
          + GMAT Test Armenia
          + GMAT Test Aruba
          + GMAT Test Australia
          + GMAT Test Austria
          + GMAT Test Azerbaijan
          + GMAT Test Bahamas, The
          + GMAT Test Bahrain
          + GMAT Test Bangladesh
          + GMAT Test Barbados
          + GMAT Test Belarus
          + GMAT Test Belgium
          + GMAT Test Belize
          + GMAT Test Benin
          + GMAT Test
          + GMAT Test Bhutan
          + GMAT Test Bolivia
          + GMAT Test Bosnia and Herzegovina
          + GMAT Test Botswana
          + GMAT Test Brazil
          + GMAT Test Bulgaria
          + GMAT Test Burkina Faso
          + GMAT Test Burundi
          + GMAT Test Cambodia
          + GMAT Test Cameroon
          + GMAT Test Canada
          + GMAT Test Cape Verde
          + GMAT Test Central African Republic
          + GMAT Test Chad
          + GMAT Test Chile
          + GMAT Test China
          + GMAT Test Colombia
          + GMAT Test Congo
          + GMAT Test Congo, DR
          + GMAT Test Costa Rica
          + GMAT Test Côte d'Ivoire
          + GMAT Test Croatia
          + GMAT Test Cyprus
          + GMAT Test Czech Republic
          + GMAT Test Denmark
          + GMAT Test Djibouti
          + GMAT Test Dominican Republic
          + GMAT Test Ecuador
          + GMAT Test Egypt
          + GMAT Test El Salvador
          + GMAT Test Eritrea
          + GMAT Test Estonia
          + GMAT Test Ethiopia
          + GMAT Test Fiji
          + GMAT Test Finland
          + GMAT Test France
          + GMAT Test French Polynesia
          + GMAT Test Gabon
          + GMAT Test Gambia
          + GMAT Test Georgia
          + GMAT Test Germany
          + GMAT Test Ghana
          + GMAT Test Greece
          + GMAT Test Guadeloupe (Fr.)
          + GMAT Test Guam
          + GMAT Test Guatemala
          + GMAT Test Guinea
          + GMAT Test Haiti
          + GMAT Test Honduras
          + GMAT Test Hong Kong
          + GMAT Test Hungary
          + GMAT Test Iceland
          + GMAT Test India
          + GMAT Test Indonesia
          + GMAT Test Iran
          + GMAT Test Iraq
          + GMAT Test Ireland
          + GMAT Test Israel
          + GMAT Test Italy
          + GMAT Test Jamaica
          + GMAT Test Japan
          + GMAT Test Jordan
          + GMAT Test Kazakhstan
          + GMAT Test Kenya
          + GMAT Test South Korea
          + GMAT Test Kuwait
          + GMAT Test Kyrgyzstan
          + GMAT Test Latvia
          + GMAT Test Lebanon
          + GMAT Test Liberia
          + GMAT Test Libya
          + GMAT Test Lithuania
          + GMAT Test Luxembourg
          + GMAT Test Macau
          + GMAT Test Macedonia
          + GMAT Test Madagascar
          + GMAT Test Malawi
          + GMAT Test Malaysia
          + GMAT Test Mali
          + GMAT Test Malta
          + GMAT Test Martinique (Fr.)
          + GMAT Test Mauritania
          + GMAT Test Mauritius
          + GMAT Test Mexico
          + GMAT Test Federated States of Micronesia
          + GMAT Test Moldova
          + GMAT Test Monaco
          + GMAT Test Mongolia
          + GMAT Test Morocco
          + GMAT Test Mozambique
          + GMAT Test Myanmar
          + GMAT Test Namibia
          + GMAT Test Nepal
          + GMAT Test Netherlands
          + GMAT Test New Zealand
          + GMAT Test Nicaragua
          + GMAT Test Niger
          + GMAT Test Nigeria
          + GMAT Test Norway
          + GMAT Test Oman
          + GMAT Test Pakistan
          + GMAT Test Palestinian Territories
          + GMAT Test Panama
          + GMAT Test Papua New Guinea
          + GMAT Test Paraguay
          + GMAT Test Peru
          + GMAT Test Philippines
          + GMAT Test Poland
          + GMAT Test Portugal
          + GMAT Test Puerto Rico
          + GMAT Test Qatar
          + GMAT Test Reunion (Fr.)
          + GMAT Test Romania
          + GMAT Test Russia
          + GMAT Test Rwanda
          + GMAT Test Saint Kitts and Nevis
          + GMAT Test Saudi Arabia
          + GMAT Test Senegal
          + GMAT Test Serbia
          + GMAT Test Sierra Leone
          + GMAT Test Singapore
          + GMAT Test Slovakia
          + GMAT Test Slovenia
          + GMAT Test South Africa
          + GMAT Test Spain
          + GMAT Test Sri Lanka
          + GMAT Test Sudan
          + GMAT Test Suriname
          + GMAT Test Swaziland
          + GMAT Test Sweden
          + GMAT Test Switzerland
          + GMAT Test Syria
          + GMAT Test Taiwan
          + GMAT Test Tajikistan
          + GMAT Test Tanzania
          + GMAT Test Thailand
          + GMAT Test Togo
          + GMAT Test Tonga
          + GMAT Test Trinidad and Tobago
          + GMAT Test Tunisia
          + GMAT Test Turkey
          + GMAT Test Turkmenistan
          + GMAT Test Uganda
          + GMAT Test Ukraine
          + GMAT Test United Arab Emirates
          + GMAT Test United Kingdom
          + GMAT Test USA
          + GMAT Test Uruguay
          + GMAT Test Uzbekistan
          + GMAT Test Venezuela
          + GMAT Test Vietnam
          + GMAT Test Virgin Islands
          + GMAT Test Yemen
          + GMAT Test Zambia
          + GMAT Test Zimbabwe

GMAT

   The Graduate Management Admission Test® (GMAT®) is a computer-based
   assessment that is a valid and reliable predictor of your academic
   performance in today’s graduate management classrooms. This is the
   preferred admissions test among top MBA and business schools globally.

GMAT Preparation

   GMAT Prep courses will help you achieve a high GMAT score by enhancing
   your understanding of key theoretical concepts. GMAT recommends between
   50 to 100 hours of preparation to get a great score on the GMAT test.

GMAT Test Centers

   Are you planning to register for the GMAT test? Then you need to first
   find out where is your closest GMAT test centers. Find all GMAT test
   centers right here! Click here to find the GMAT test centers

What is the best way to prepare for the GMAT!

   1-What is the GMAT exam?

   GMAT stands for Graduate Management Admissions Test. This formal exam
   is designed to test various aspects of a student's academic skills and
   grasp of the English language. Specifically, what is the GMAT test for?
   In most cases, it's used to determine a student's eligibility and
   readiness to enter a graduate business degree program. Universities may
   require a certain minimum score on the GMAT exam as a prerequisite for
   a Master of Business Administration or similar graduate degree program.
   Some employers take GMAT scores into account when assessing candidates
   for internships or full-time positions. Unlike some other graduate
   program assessment tests, such as the MCAT or LSAT, the GMAT doesn't
   measure a student's level of industry knowledge or specialized
   professional skills. Rather, it's designed to assess various essential
   soft skills that can lead to success in business school and the
   professional job market.

   This adaptive computer test focuses on determining a student's critical
   thinking skills, problem-solving abilities, logic, and proficiency with
   the English language, including verbal, reading, and writing skills.
   The exam is divided into four separate categories: a half-hour
   analytical writing assessment, a half-hour integrated reasoning
   section, a 75-minute quantitative reasoning section, and a 75-minute
   verbal reasoning section. Students may choose one of three options to
   determine the order in which to complete the sections. There is no
   official or preferred order. Instead, this flexibility is designed to
   give students the best exam experience by allowing them to tailor the
   experience somewhat based on their testing preferences and unique
   strengths.

   2-Why do I need to take the GMAT?

   Success on the GMAT may require significant preparation along with a
   fee to sit the exam. It's not generally a required aspect of completing
   an undergraduate degree program. So, why is taking the GMAT exam
   important? Perhaps most importantly, this exam is used extensively by
   business schools all over the world as a standard admissions criterion.
   In fact, the GMAT score is a significant factor in about 90 percent of
   all business school admissions decisions. Additionally, the test's
   owner (Graduate Management Admission Council) performs continuous
   studies to determine the validity of the exam and ensure it serves as
   an accurate predictor of success in a business graduate degree program
   and a professional career path. Students who are serious about entering
   business school should plan on taking the test prior to applying so
   they can send their scores to the educational institutions they are
   considering.

   The benefits of taking the GMAT extend beyond increasing a student's
   chances of being accepted into the degree program of his or her
   choosing. The exam is specifically designed based on the standard
   aspects of graduate business school degree programs, so students who
   take it can gain an accurate picture of how their skills will hold up
   in such a program. It may help a student determine if he or she is
   ready to pursue a postgraduate business degree or if he or she needs
   more preparation time first. It can be an excellent way for non-native
   English speakers to ensure their language skills are ready to be
   competitive in the business world. Additionally, many employers also
   consider a candidate's GMAT score as an important factor when making
   hiring decisions. The exam is prominent throughout the world, and its
   standardized scoring system allows schools to make well-informed
   admissions decisions. A student earns a score on each of the four
   individual sections along with an all-encompassing total score. While
   the total score gives school admissions officials and hiring managers a
   quick and easy way to assess a student's skills, the four individual
   section scores provide additional data about the student's writing and
   reasoning abilities. Some school officials use both the total score and
   individual score sections when determining the makeup of each class of
   incoming business school students.

   3-What kind of career can I expect with a business degree?

   Many students choose to take the GMAT in preparation for applying to
   business school. Earning a good score on the GMAT exam can open doors
   to top business graduate degree programs. It can also help a student
   understand what high-order skills are required to succeed in the
   business world, and provide an accurate assessment of his or her
   abilities with respect to the accepted industry standard. Once a
   student completes a business school degree program, such as an MBA, he
   or she can be eligible for a variety of career options in the diverse
   global business industry. Universities all over the world offer
   business graduate programs. Some focus on general upper-level business
   topics, such as management, planning, profitability, and performance
   improvement. Other programs include specialized courses related to
   specific industry subjects. Students may find degree specializations in
   areas such as finance, healthcare, education, research, or security.

   Career opportunities can vary based on the specifics of the degree
   program, but most students find that having a business degree qualifies
   them for upper-level positions, higher salaries, and career growth
   opportunities. They may also be more competitive in the job market
   compared to candidates who don't have an advanced business degree.
   Graduates may pursue careers as managers or executives in a variety of
   industries, including manufacturing, finance, technology, and
   healthcare. There may also be opportunities in government or nonprofit
   organizations; students may find jobs as directors, project managers,
   and strategic planners. Business school can prepare students to be
   entrepreneurs as well, giving them the knowledge and skills to
   successfully start and run a company. Large companies often have
   positions for private consultants to work on a contract basis to
   improve the overall structure and performance of the organization, and
   business school graduates may find temporary or long-term work as
   consultants. Students may decide to remain in the academic sector,
   pursuing additional education in the form of a doctoral degree or
   finding positions as educators at the undergraduate or postgraduate
   level.

   4-When should I take the GMAT?

   You may be wondering: When should you take the GMAT in college? In
   general, you can find an opportunity to take the GMAT at any time
   during your education at a college or university. Unlike several other
   graduate-school exams, such as the LSAT, the GMAT is offered at all
   times of the year. Once you find a testing center in your location, you
   can call to schedule an appointment. Additionally, students may take
   the exam up to five times in a single year as long as there are at
   least 16 days in between each attempt. Keep in mind that universities
   may have access to all your scores if you take the exam multiple times.

   Even though you can take the GMAT at any time, you may want to consider
   when in your academic career is the most opportune time to take the
   exam. While there is no formal educational requirement, it is generally
   ideal to take the exam after you have had adequate time to prepare so
   you have the best chance of achieving a high score and avoiding the
   time and expense of re-taking the test. If you are planning to use your
   GMAT score as part of your application materials to business school,
   find out the application deadline for your chosen school and ensure
   there is enough time before that to complete the GMAT. For example, the
   Round 1 application deadline for many universities is in September, so
   you would need to have your exam completed by then. However, you may
   not want to be preparing for your exam while you are completing the
   other application materials, so you may want to take the exam earlier.
   If you take the GMAT several months in advance, you can have enough
   time to prepare for the test and have a buffer period in which to take
   the exam again if necessary. Many experts recommend taking the test no
   later than two months before you intend to apply to business school.
   The good news is that your GMAT score is valid for five years, so you
   can take it earlier if you want. Because the exam doesn't focus on
   specific business knowledge, you don't have to wait until you have
   completed certain undergraduate courses. While there is no minimum age
   requirement, students who are legally considered minors may be required
   to submit a parental consent form.

   5-Where to take the GMAT?

   As you are preparing to take the GMAT exam, you may be wondering where
   you have to go to sit the test. Fortunately, there are numerous testing
   centers all around the world, so you should be able to find one of the
   more than 600 worldwide locations nearby. Each location should have
   numerous test days throughout the year, and you can call or use an
   online form to register for any date that has available seats. How do
   you find locations to take the GMAT exam? An internet search is the
   easiest way. You can find informational websites that show you testing
   centers based on your address, postal code or general location. You may
   be able to narrow your search by time of year or test dates with open
   seats. If you are a military member or government civilian with access
   to a military base, you may be able to register for an exam at a
   testing center located on the base. There are also exam opportunities
   designed to accommodate students with disabilities, including sensory,
   attention, cognitive, and psychological conditions. If you believe your
   disability prevents you from taking the test under standard conditions,
   you may apply for an accommodation decision through a special process.

   6-How much does it cost to take the GMAT?

   The cost to take the GMAT exam can vary depending on your location and
   other factors. There is the standard registration fee to consider,
   which applies each time you take the exam. Under normal circumstances,
   there is no discount available for students who are taking the test
   multiple times. Some countries also charge tax on the registration fee.
   Additionally, you may need to factor in the transportation costs to get
   to the testing center, such as gas, bus or taxi fare, or overnight
   lodging. If you end up needing to reschedule your examination date, you
   may have to pay an additional fee, the amount of which can vary
   depending on how far from the exam date you initiate the rescheduling
   process. If you do have to cancel your registered exam date, you may
   have to forfeit some portion of the initial registration fee. However,
   if you cancel within 24 hours of the test time or simply do not show
   up, you may not be entitled to any sort of refund of the exam fee.

   While five copies of your official score report for educational
   institutions are included in the exam fee, you may purchase additional
   reports for an extra cost. If you take the exam multiple times, each
   score could be available for universities and employers to view, so you
   may want to cancel your scores. However, if you decide later you want
   to reinstate them, you will probably be charged an additional fee.
   Along with the actual cost of taking the exam, you may also need to
   spend some money on preparation materials, such as study guides,
   practice tests, preparation software programs, or private tutoring. The
   cost of preparation materials can vary widely.

   7-How do I register for the GMAT?

   When you're ready to schedule your exam date, there are several ways to
   do it. First, you'll need to find dates and nearby locations of test
   centers. In most countries, the GMAT is offered numerous times per year
   at multiple places, so you should be able to find locations fairly
   easily. There are online sites that allow you to search for local test
   locations with available seats, and most of these sites also make it
   easy to register today once you find the best location. You may find it
   easiest to register for the exam online, but there are also ways to
   register over the phone. Some registration options may incur additional
   fees. When you register for the GMAT, you agree to abide by the rules
   and conditions in the GMAT Handbook. If you are registering for a
   testing location on a military base, you must ensure you are able to
   access the base using the identification documents required by base
   security. There may be additional documents or forms required during
   registration if you are applying for disability accommodation. You will
   probably be required to submit official documentation of your condition
   from a medical provider or other qualified party.

   8-What do I need to bring to the GMAT?

   Once you've studied for the GMAT and registered for an exam date at a
   location close by, it's time to prepare for the actual test day. Make
   sure you know how to get to the testing center and leave enough time to
   account for traffic, weather, and public transportation schedules or
   delays. Arriving after the examination start time may have negative
   results, as you could be denied entrance and lose your registration
   fee. It's a good idea to plan on arriving at least half an hour before
   the test begins. Make sure to bring the correct identification
   materials, such as a government-issued I.D. You should check ahead of
   time with your testing location to understand what types of
   identification are acceptable. You may also be required to bring your
   appointment confirmation letter and a list of schools to which you want
   to send your scores. Once you arrive at the testing center, you will
   probably need to follow a check-in procedure that may require
   additional security measures, such as digital photographs, signatures,
   and bio-identification processes. Many centers use palm-line scanners
   to ensure security, and you may have to scan your hand every time you
   enter the testing room, including after scheduled breaks. You may be
   reminded of the testing rules you must follow, and these can differ
   depending on the country in which you are taking the exam. During the
   exam, you may not have any contact with outside persons, such as
   friends or family members. In most centers, guests are not allowed to
   remain in the lobby or building where the test is given. You will
   probably be required to store purses and backpacks, as no testing aides
   or personal items, such as mobile phones, notes, cameras, books, or
   pagers, are allowed. The test is administered on a computer, usually at
   a private workstation. You may have access to noteboards and writing
   utensils provided by the test administrators, though you are not
   allowed to take these materials outside the testing room. You may want
   to bring food and water for use during the breaks.

   9-How to prepare for the GMAT?
   Taking the GMAT exam can be an excellent first step toward earning a
   graduate business degree and succeeding in the professional world.
   There are several important things to do to prepare for the exam to
   give you the best chance of scoring well. One of the most important
   things to remember is that the test is only available in English. If
   you are not a native speaker, it's essential to improve your language
   skills as much as possible before attempting the exam. The test
   includes both reading and writing assessments, so you may find it
   useful to improve your English with help from a professional instructor
   or tutor.

   Along with English skills, the GMAT assesses four unique areas: verbal
   reasoning, integrated reasoning, analytical writing, and quantitative
   reasoning. You can improve these skills through practice, study, and
   preparation. There is a wide variety of study and preparation materials
   and methods, so it's a good idea to look at the available options and
   choose the ones that work best with your schedule and learning style.
   You may want to use a combination of study guides, formal preparation
   courses, online resources, and private instruction from qualified
   professionals. Many students also benefit from taking practice tests.
   These can allow you to get a feel for the format of the exam, the type
   of questions, and the testing environment, including how the computer
   adaptive testing system works. Improving your time management, study
   skills, and critical thinking can also be extremely helpful as you
   prepare for the exam. There is a writing portion as well, so you may
   want to take the time to answer sample essay questions.

   Many experts recommend allowing yourself three to four months to
   prepare for the GMAT. During this time, you may want to take a
   preparatory course, study online materials and tips, and get used to
   the testing procedures with practice exams. You could combine this
   preparation with related tasks, such as working on your business school
   applications and improving your planning, organizational, reading
   comprehension, and memorization skills. It's essential to prepare for
   the day of the exam as well. The GMAT exam takes 3.5 hours, but you may
   want to allow at least four hours of time at the testing center. There
   are optional breaks during the exam, and you will need time to get
   through the sign-in procedures as well.

   10-Can I take the GMAT online?

   Opportunities for online learning have dramatically increased as
   technology has advanced. In fact, you may be able to complete many of
   your undergraduate and business school courses online. Currently,
   however, you are not allowed to take the GMAT online. While you may
   register for the exam over a website and find numerous preparation
   materials online, you still need to physically attend a testing center
   to complete the exam. The GMAT is designed to be fair for everyone who
   takes it and to guard against bias as much as possible. Because of
   this, the test is tightly controlled to guarantee verifiable results
   and reduce the possibility of cheating. An online format doesn't allow
   for this level of security, so you must go to a physical testing
   location to prove your identity and ensure your test results are
   actually yours. The controlled environment of a testing center also
   helps certify every student has a similar experience. That way,
   university admissions officials and hiring managers can be confident
   that GMAT scores accurately reflect a candidate's abilities in
   comparison with everyone else who has taken the exam.
   (BUTTON) Read More (BUTTON) Read less
   STUDENTTESTS.COM
   About Us
   Contact Us
   Keystone Academic Solutions
   Terms and Conditions
   Privacy
   StudentTests
