   #next Whole Natural Life Whole Natural Life » Feed Whole Natural Life »
   Comments Feed

     * Home
     * About
          + About Meghan
          + Privacy Policy
          + Disclaimers/Disclosures
     * Real Food Recipes
          + Coconut Ice Creams
          + Coconut Oil Recipes
          + Grass-fed Butter Candies
          + Fermented Foods
          + Gluten-free Cookies
     * Crazy for Coconut E-Book
     * Things I Love

   Whole Natural Life

Peanut Butter White Chocolate

   Posted on March 20, 2017 by Meghan Slocum • 1 Comment

   (Note: This post may contain affiliate links. Your cost won't change if
   you purchase something, but I will receive a small commission.)

   Homemade peanut butter white chocolate | White chocolate recipe | Cocoa
   butter recipes | Cocoa butter chocolate

   I like playing around with chocolate recipes. A few weeks ago I decided
   I’d try to make a healthy white chocolate recipe. Just cocoa butter,
   honey, and vanilla.

   It tasted great while I was mixing it. But then as soon as it cooled,
   the honey separated out! I tried melting and blending it again with the
   same results.

   I realized that mixing honey with cocoa butter requires some sort of
   emulsifier. Not a commercial emulsifier; just some additional substance
   to bind the honey with the cocoa butter. In my homemade Paleo chocolate
   recipe, for instance, cocoa powder works as an emulsifier.

   I decided to try adding peanut butter to my white chocolate, and it was
   a success! No more problems with the honey separating out from the
   cocoa butter.

   Now, peanut butter white chocolate wasn’t exactly what I was originally
   going for, but it was so good that I’ve made it a number of times
   since. The peanut butter and cocoa butter play off each other to create
   a delicious combo.

   This recipe is simple and easy–I hope you give it a try!

What is Cocoa Butter?

   Cocoa butter is the fat found in cocoa beans. It’s used in most
   commercial chocolate and has a delicious flavor and texture.

   Like coconut oil, cocoa butter is also a very healthy fat. When it
   comes to making chocolates, cocoa butter has one distinct
   advantage–cocoa butter chocolates will not melt at room temperature! I
   love coconut oil chocolates as much as the next person (and have
   developed quite a few of my own coconut oil chocolate recipes), but I
   also really like having a homemade chocolate recipe that can be stored
   on the counter, given away as gifts without having to worry about
   refrigeration, or thrown in my purse when I’m in need of a chocolate
   pick me up when out and about.

   The raw version of cocoa butter is called cacao butter. I personally
   use cacao butter in my recipes, because it’s supposed to contain more
   nutrients, but you can use whatever you prefer.

Where to Buy Cocoa/Cacao Butter

   Cocoa/cacao butter may not be an ingredient that you normally keep in
   your pantry, but it’s really easy to find when you know where to look.

   Health food stores like Whole Foods will likely carry cacao butter, but
   I always buy my cacao butter online because it’s MUCH cheaper online.

   My current favorite is this cacao butter, but that’s mostly because
   it’s the best price I’ve seen. I’ve tried a number of other brands and
   they’ve all been delicious!

Preventing Your Chocolate from Seizing

   I’ve never actually had my chocolate seize while making this recipe,
   but I know it’s a possibility. (If you haven’t worked with chocolate
   much before,”seizing” is when your chocolate becomes a grainy,
   paste-like consistency instead of remaining smooth and fluid.)

   To prevent your chocolate from seizing, make sure that all the
   equipment and tools you use are completely dry. Exposing your chocolate
   to small amounts of water can cause it to seize.

   I also recommend melting your cocoa butter in a double boiler, instead
   of directly in a saucepan. Letting your chocolate get too hot while
   melting can also cause it to seize.

   When you remove the double boiler from the saucepan, place it on a
   towel on your counter and dry the outside of a double boiler before you
   pour your chocolate into your baking dish to cool. This will eliminate
   the possibility of dripping water into your cooling chocolate.

Notes on the Recipe:

   This makes mildly sweet peanut butter chocolates. If you prefer your
   treats sweeter, you can add more honey to taste.

   I’m listing cocoa butter in this recipe, but I actually use raw cacao
   butter myself. Either can be used interchangeably here.

   I list cocoa butter in grams here, because most cocoa butter comes in
   big chunks and it’s impossible to get an accurate volume measurement. I
   use my kitchen scale to weigh my cocoa butter. If you don’t have one
   already, I have this one ; it’s inexpensive and has worked well for me
   for the past several years.

Recommended Products:

   Immersion blender: I highly recommend using an immersion blender to mix
   your peanut butter white chocolates. While you probably can do this by
   hand with a whisk, I find that the immersion blender does an excellent
   job of quickly and thoroughly mixing your honey in with the rest of the
   ingredients.

   I have this immersion blender.

   If you don’t have an immersion blender, a regular blender or food
   processor would probably work, too. I like the immersion blender
   because it saves me from having a wash a few extra dishes. 🙂

   Silicone chocolate molds: For optimal aesthetics, I recommend using
   silicone chocolate molds. I used this set of molds, which are very
   economical but still high-quality, as far as I can tell.

   If you really get into making your own chocolates, I highly recommend
   owning a small collection of silicone molds–they make the process very
   easy, plus they’re cute!

    Candy Molds & Ice Cube Trays – Hearts, Stars & Shells – Silicone
   Chocolate [AmazonBlack-e1413517778206.png]

   &

   (If you don’t care what the finished product looks like, you can also
   just use an 8 x 8 baking dish lined with parchment paper.)

   Double boiler and a pan that fits underneath the double boiler

   Peanut Butter White Chocolate
   Save Recipe Save Recipe
   Print Recipe
   Recipe Image

   My Recipes My Lists My Calendar

   Ingredients
     * 180 grams cocoa butter
     * 1/4 cup natural peanut butter
     * 2 tablespoons raw honey
     * 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
     * Pinch of salt, or more to taste

   Instructions
    1. Melt your cocoa butter in your double boiler. Once it's completely
       melted, turn off the heat.
    2. Add your peanut butter, honey, vanilla, and salt. Use an immersion
       blender to thoroughly mix all ingredients. While you can do this by
       hand with a whisk, I highly recommend using an immersion blender,
       as it does a superior job of blending the honey in with the rest of
       the ingredients.
    3. Taste the mixture to make sure it's to your liking. I think the
       recipe is delicious as written, but you can add more salt and/or
       honey if desired.
    4. If using silicone molds, ladle peanut butter white chocolate
       mixture into your molds.
    5. If not using molds, line an 8x8 glass baking dish with parchment
       paper. Pour the peanut butter white chocolate mixture into the
       dish.
    6. Cool chocolate in the fridge. Once hardened, pop out of molds, or
       cut into chunks if you used a baking dish.
    7. Store finished peanut butter white chocolates in the fridge or
       freezer. You can also store them at room temperature, but I find
       that they taste best when they're cold!

   7.8.1.1
   55
   http://wholenaturallife.com/peanut-butter-white-chocolate/
   Filed Under: Real Food Recipes

Chocolate Coconut Fat Bombs

   Posted on February 16, 2017 by Meghan Slocum • 16 Comments

   Chocolate coconut fat bombs | Chocolate fat bombs | Coconut oil fat
   bombs | Easy fat bombs

   Are you looking for an easy way to add more coconut oil to your diet?
   Give these chocolate coconut fat bombs a try. They taste like chocolate
   candies, but they’re actually good for you!

   You know I’m all about the simple recipes, and this one is no
   exception. Just combine five ingredients in your food processor,
   freeze, and enjoy!

What type of coconut oil should you use?

   I use refined coconut oil in this recipe. Although you may assume that
   refined oils are automatically bad for you, this is not the case when
   it comes to coconut oil. The benefits of coconut oil are mostly about
   the fat, and refined coconut oil has the same fatty acid composition as
   virgin coconut oil.…
   Filed Under: Real Food Recipes

Vegan Gluten-free Bread

   Posted on February 14, 2017 by Meghan Slocum • 14 Comments

   Vegan gluten-free bread recipe | Gluten-free bread without xanthan gum
   | Easy gluten-free bread | Homemade gluten-free bread

   Since I became gluten-free more than six years ago, I’ve been on the
   search for the perfect homemade gluten-free bread. This search became
   much harder when I discovered that I also can’t eat eggs. The vast
   majority of gluten-free breads contain eggs, so a vegan gluten-free
   bread is a tall order.

   Several months ago I stumbled upon this recipe for gluten-free,
   gum-free, and vegan sandwich bread from Cradle Rocking Mama. I made her
   recipe (with a couple modifications) and was instantly in love.
   Finally, an awesome homemade vegan gluten-free bread recipe!

   I’ve since made this recipe many, many times. The original recipe is
   too fiddly for my tastes, so I’ve streamlined it, making the process
   easier and requiring less hands-on time.…
   Filed Under: Real Food Recipes

Homemade Paleo Chocolate

   Posted on January 16, 2017 by Meghan Slocum • 3 Comments

   Homemade Paleo chocolate | Healthy homemade chocolate | Healthy
   chocolate recipe | How to make homemade chocolate

   Did you know that you can make your own healthy homemade chocolate?
   Homemade chocolate that’s dairy-free, soy-free, AND refined sugar-free?
   If you’re a chocolate lover, you have got to try this recipe! I’m
   calling it Paleo chocolate, because it’s the aforementioned dairy-,
   soy- and refined sugar-free, but don’t be deterred if you’re not Paleo;
   this is a super delicious chocolate for ANYONE who loves healthy eating
   and real food.

   This is not a complicated recipe. It only calls for five ingredients,
   and one of those ingredients is a pinch of salt. 🙂 If you’re feeling
   intimidated by the idea of making your own chocolate, don’t be!…
   Filed Under: Real Food Recipes

Healthy Living Items from Amazon Subscribe and Save

   Posted on November 15, 2016 by Meghan Slocum • 0 Comments

   Amazon subscribe and save | Things to buy on Amazon | Amazon shopping |
   Amazon groceries

   Have you heard of Amazon’s subscribe and save program? If you’re a
   regular Amazon shopper, you’ve probably noticed that certain items give
   you the option to “subscribe” instead of just opting for a one-time
   purchase. If you haven’t been taking advantage of this program, you’ve
   been missing out! When done correctly, subscribe and save lets you save
   an extra 15% off all the items in your subscription.

   Now, a lot of the things available through subscribe and save are
   things that I don’t buy, but there are also quite a few healthy living
   items! Actually finding these items can be difficult, so I wanted to
   share what healthy living items I currently save extra on by buying
   through subscribe and save.…
   Filed Under: Shopping for Real Food
   ← Older posts

     * Follow Me!
       Follow me on Pinterest Follow me on Facebook Follow me on Instagram
       Follow me on Google+ Follow me on E-mail Follow me on RSS
     * SEARCH THIS SITE Search Type to search, then Search
     *

   Powered by Headway, the drag and drop WordPress theme
   Go To TopAdministration Login

   Copyright © 2019 Whole Natural Life

   View Full Site
