   wo-logo.png
   wo-black-logo.png
     * Products
          + Overview
          + MediaGuard
          + FraudSensor
     * Solutions
          + For DSPs
          + For SSPs
          + For Ad Tech
          + For Mobile
          + For CTV/OTT
          + For Web Security
     * Resources
          + Featured
          + Bot Baseline Report
          + Research
          + Case Studies
          + Videos
          + Blog
     * Company
          + About
          + Careers
          + Newsroom
     * Contact

Privacy

Privacy

   White Ops prioritizes data protection and the privacy of its customers.
   Please see our General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") details
   here.

   Updated September 15, 2019

   WHITE OPS, INC. AND THE EU-U.S. and SWISS-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD

   White Ops, Inc. (“White Ops”) has certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy
   Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
   (collectively, “Privacy Shield Frameworks”) with the U.S. Department of
   Commerce regarding the collection and processing of personal data from
   our advertisers, customers, or business partners in the European Union
   and, where a Swiss data controller uses White Ops as a data processor,
   Switzerland (“Partners”) in connection with the products and services
   described below. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program please
   visit http://www.privacyshield.gov.

   The EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks were designed by
   the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the European Commission and Swiss
   Administration, respectively, to provide companies with a mechanism to
   comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal
   data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Both
   the European Commission and Swiss Government have deemed the Privacy
   Shield Frameworks as adequate to enable data transfers under EU and
   Swiss law. White Ops has joined both of the Privacy Shield Frameworks
   to benefit from these adequacy determinations; and has publicly
   declared its commitment to comply with the Framework’s requirements.

   Scope: The Privacy Shield Principles (set out in each of the Privacy
   Shield Frameworks) relates to the collection of personal data, which is
   information that can be used to uniquely identify you, such as your
   name, telephone number, address, and e-mail address hereinafter
   referred to as “Personal Information”). The only Personal Information
   White Ops may collect is as follows:
     * Dashboard. White Ops may collect Personal Information from clients
       and prospective clients for its Dashboard, but which will require a
       User ID and password to use. We use this information in order to
       create and maintain business records, billing information, and for
       other purposes essential to our client relationships. We generally
       store this information for so long as we maintain a business
       relationship with a given client and for a reasonable time after
       the termination of the business relationship, for billing and
       compliance purposes. Our Dashboard also collects certain
       non-personally identifiable information. For example, we log
       reporting transactions for the purposes of monitoring and improving
       our quality of service and the overall performance of the Dashboard
       and our client reporting in general.
     * Information from Other Sources. White Ops may receive Personal
       Information from other sources, including its clients or third
       party service providers (“Partners”). To the extent we receive such
       third-party sourced information we will treat the information as
       Personal Information to be protected under this Privacy Policy. We
       are not responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by
       third parties or third party policies or practices. White Ops may
       use the personal data provided by our Partners to provide Partner
       Services in accordance with the terms applicable to the relevant
       Partner service and otherwise with the Partners’ instructions.
       White Ops will work with its Partners to ensure that individuals
       are offered appropriate choices applicable under the Privacy Shield
       Principles. Within the scope of our authorization to do so, and in
       accordance with our commitments under the Privacy Shield, White Ops
       will work with its Partners to provide individuals access to
       personal data about them that White Ops holds on behalf of its
       Partners. White Ops also will take reasonable steps to enable
       individuals, either directly or in connection with the Partners, to
       correct, amend, or delete personal data that is demonstrated to be
       inaccurate.
     * To the extent White Ops may transfer data to third parties,
       including any service providers and other partners, White Ops will
       make reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that any processing of
       personal data by such third parties is not inconsistent with the
       Privacy Shield Principles. Personal data that is transferred to us
       by our Partners may be subject to disclosure pursuant to legal
       requests or other judicial and government process, such as
       subpoenas, warrants, or orders, or in response to national security
       or law enforcement requests. It is possible that White Ops can be
       held liable for unlawful transfer of personal data to third
       parties.

   Enforcement. White Ops’ compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles
   is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
   Federal Trade Commission.

   Opting Out. Upon request, White Ops will provide you with information
   about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. If you provide
   us with your Personal Information, you have the following rights with
   respect to that information:
     * To review the user information that you have supplied to us
     * To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or
       omissions in user information that you have supplied to us
     * To request that your user information not be used to contact you
     * To request that your user information be deleted from our records

   To exercise any of these rights, please contact us by email at
   privacy@whiteops.com or by regular mail at 111 West 33^rd Street, 11^th
   Floor, New York, NY 10001. We will respond to your request to change,
   correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and
   notify you of the action we have taken.

   White Ops will not knowingly or intentionally share Personal
   Information with any third party absent your consent. Presently, White
   Ops does not transfer Personal Information to any third parties. In the
   event it later determines the need to transfer Personal Information to
   any third party acting as a data controller, While Ops will comply with
   the Notice and Choice Privacy Shield Principles; and will enter into a
   contract with the third party controller limiting the purposes for
   which the data may be processed, ensuring that the recipient will
   provide the same level of protection as White Ops. Any such transfer of
   information will be for a limited and specified purpose, and only after
   White Ops ascertains that the agent agrees to provide at least the same
   level of privacy protection as required by White Ops. White Ops will
   further take reasonable steps to ensure that the agent effectively
   processes this data in a manner consistent with White Ops who will,
   upon notice, take reasonable steps to stop and remediate any
   unauthorized processing; and upon request, provide a summary or copy of
   privacy provisions of its contract with the agent to the Department of
   Commerce.

   Without limiting the foregoing, White Ops will take reasonable and
   appropriate measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse
   and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. It
   will further take reasonable steps to limit processing to the purposes
   for which the Personal Information was collected, and to ensure that
   the Personal Information it collects (i.e. not through a third party)
   is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
   White Ops will otherwise retain personal information for as long as
   needed for the purpose of collection; and adhere to the Privacy Shield
   Principles for as long as it retains such information.

   Recourse. White Ops complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
   and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework(s) (Privacy Shield) as set
   forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use,
   and retention of personal information transferred from the European
   Union and the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland, as applicable to the
   United States in reliance on Privacy Shield.  White Ops has certified
   to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield
   Principles with respect to such information.  If there is any conflict
   between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield
   Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more
   about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please
   visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.

   In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, White Ops commits to
   resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal
   information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints
   regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact White Ops at:
   Privacy@whiteops.com.

   White Ops has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
   complaints to TrustArc, an alternative dispute resolution provider
   located in the United States. If you do not receive timely
   acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed
   your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
   https://www.trustarc.com/products/dispute-resolution-services/). for
   more information or to file a complaint. The services of TrustArc are
   provided at no cost to you.

   Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield
   website you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other
   dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

   WHITEOPS, INC. PRIVACY POLICY FOR TECHNOLOGY AND SERVICES

   White Ops, Inc. ("White Ops") provides cutting-edge anti-fraud
   solutions across a spectrum of industries from advertising to eCommerce
   to Big Data and Enterprise Business. This Privacy Policy describes our
   practices in connection with information that we collect through the
   White Ops products, services and reporting platforms. Our Detection Tag
   and the technology behind it (our "Technology") determines humanity or
   non-humanity on a per-session level by examining and analyzing certain
   characteristics upon each pageload.

   Collection And Use of Internet Data. White Ops uses various
   technologies, described below, to collect session-specific data in
   order to deliver anti-fraud solutions to our customers (collectively,
   our "Services"). The Services use JavaScript and/or pixels that place a
   small piece of HTML code either on a webpage, across a domain, or at
   the server level, to collect information about web or mobile app
   visits. This information is used to provide the Services. The types of
   data we collect using this technology include:
     * Various parts of the HTTP Header (including IP Address, HREF,
       Referrer, and User Agent)
     * Various technical aspects of the browser
     * Generalized user interaction data

   Our customers can pass parameters and information from Third-Party
   Digital Media Services (or any other integrated web service) to White
   Ops for reporting (i.e. campaign id, placement id, ad id, etc.). Some
   web services offer macros that allow their Cookie ID, Unique Id or
   identified Mobile Device ID to be passed to other companies involved in
   the measurement and delivery of the asset. White Ops customers may
   elect to have that Cookie Id, Unique ID or Device ID passed to White
   Ops for reporting on non-human activity and other fraud behaviors.

   In general, our technology does not utilize cookie data or mobile
   Device ID in the detection and prevention of fraudulent online
   activity; and therefore, White Ops does not send nor collect cookie
   data through the browser’s http header elements, nor directly collect
   the Device ID through mobile applications.

   We may work, alone or with our Partners, to anonymously integrate
   analytic data with data that those partners have independently
   collected to deliver enhanced anti-fraud services.

   Use of Information. White Ops collects minimal personally identifiable
   information ("PII") via our Services. Some of the PII collected
   includes IP address, browser type, referring URL, and information on
   the click behavior of the visitor during a browser session. We use this
   information in order to provide our Services, and we may share that
   information with our clients to help them ensure fraud-free advertising
   campaigns and eCommerce transactions, and to ensure the security of
   online Enterprise business products and services. We also use the
   information for analytics that aid us in building an historic record of
   behavior patterns in order to enhance future Services, without
   collecting any personally identifiable information.

   Data Security and Integrity. White Ops makes every reasonable effort to
   protect the information in our care from loss, misuse, alteration or
   destruction. Only authorized employees and clients have access to the
   data that we gather and that access is limited by need. All employees
   who have access to client data are enjoined to maintain the
   confidentiality of such information. No method of transmission over the
   Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure; therefore,
   while we strive to use all commercially reasonable means to protect
   client information, we cannot guarantee absolute security.

   Use Of Collected Data. Except as otherwise stated herein, White Ops
   does not share information gathered by the Services except: (1) as is
   necessary to execute the Services; (2) in aggregated formats for
   general corporate marketing and industry benchmarking; (3) for sharing
   with official affiliates and/or partners of White Ops or service
   providers of White Ops (where the service providers are required to use
   the information only to perform services for White Ops); (4) as
   required by law or to comply with legal process; or (5) to a third
   party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture,
   assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our
   business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy
   or similar proceedings).

   Privacy Policy: Client Portal (Our "Dashboard"). Please see the above
   section under Privacy Shield for the use of any Personal Information.
   Subject to and notwithstanding the use of Personal Information as
   described therein, this section explains how White Ops collects, uses,
   stores and protects the information gathered from our Client Portal,
   which is also sometimes referred to as the White Ops Dashboard. The
   Dashboard is a password protected website for clients and prospective
   clients, which are usually businesses.

   Data Reporting. White Ops shares collected information with our
   clients, affiliates and partners to perform and deliver the antifraud
   services that we have been contracted to provide. The primary means by
   which we provide information to our customers is in aggregated reports
   provided as part of the White Ops Services, including but not limited
   to our customer dashboard, which is password-protected. Use of the
   dashboard provides each client only with access to their own company's
   information, and provides potential clients only with access to sample
   reports within the Dashboard. We may also provide aggregate, anonymized
   data in our marketing and promotional materials.

   Use Of Cookies On The Dashboard. Cookies are small pieces of
   information transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web
   browser to enable our systems to recognize your preferences and
   settings. We use cookies on the Dashboard to maintain authenticated
   access and user sessions. We also use cookies to ensure authorized
   access to client-specific secure content and reports. When accessing
   client-specific secure content, you are acting as a representative of
   your company and your interactions with our site in this capacity are
   governed by our relationship agreement with your company. Most browsers
   automatically accept cookies and you may manually disable them. For
   more information on disabling cookies, go to the "help" menu on your
   browser. Please note that if you disable cookies, the Client Portal may
   not operate correctly. For more information about cookies, please see
   our White Ops privacy Policy, below.

   Privacy Policy: Whiteops.Com. White Ops may collect cookies on our
   website. We do not collect cookies on client sites as part of the
   information gathered by our Technology.

   Changes To Our Privacy Policies. White Ops may change and update these
   Privacy Policies, including materially changing the use made of
   personal information described herein. Any change or update to our
   privacy policy will be posted on our Website at least 30 days prior to
   their implementation. Your continued use of the Technology and the
   Services after the effective date of any changes will constitute your
   acceptance of all of the changes.

   Contacting Us. If you have questions regarding our privacy practices,
   please submit a privacy inquiry, or send us an email at
   info@whiteops.com

     * Products
          + MediaGuard
          + FraudSensor
     * Resources
          + Bot Baseline Report
          + Featured
          + Research
          + Case Studies
          + Videos
          + Ad Fraud Learning Center
     * Careers
          + Overview
          + Explore Roles
     * Company
          + About
          + Press
          + Legal
          + Privacy

   whiteOpsLogoHorizWhite_v3-01.png
     *
     *
     *
   wo-logo.png
   wo-black-logo.png
     * Products
          + Overview
          + MediaGuard
          + FraudSensor
     * Solutions
          + For DSPs
          + For SSPs
          + For Ad Tech
          + For Mobile
          + For CTV/OTT
          + For Web Security
     * Resources
          + Featured
          + Bot Baseline Report
          + Research
          + Case Studies
          + Videos
          + Blog
     * Company
          + About
          + Careers
          + Newsroom
     * Contact

   dark

We Keep it Human

   At White Ops, we are all about keeping it human. We are a cyber
   security company and the global leader in bot mitigation. We protect
   more than 200 enterprises—including the largest internet platforms—from
   sophisticated bots by verifying the humanity of nearly one trillion
   online interactions every week. The most sophisticated bots look and
   act like humans when they click on ads, visit websites, fill out forms,
   take over accounts, and commit payment fraud.

   We stop them.

   Learn More >


How we stop bots

   Each week, we determine the validity of nearly one trillion
   transactions to detect and prevent fraudulent activity. Our coverage
   spans the desktop web, the mobile web, mobile apps, and connected TV.

Icons_180228_Accuracy_B_1_copy

Detect

   Employ a multilayered approach to detect invalid bot traffic with
   unprecedented accuracy, without compromising anyone’s experience on the
   web.

Icons_180228_Accuracy_A_2

Prevent

   Stop fraud before it happens, reducing opportunities and incentives for
   criminals.

Icons_180228_Flexibility_2

Analyze

   Make data-driven decisions about how to reduce fraud in your ecosystem.

   Our Products



   "We partnered with White Ops to scan every single impression - about 9
   million a second - offered through our platform before we ever make a
   bid on it. With this partnership, we can prevent fraud before it
   occurs."


   Jeff Green, CEO




   thetradedesk-logolockup-wht




White Ops in the News

Wall-Street-Journal-logo

U.S. Charges Eight With Online-Ad Fraud

BuzzFeed News logo

8 People Are Facing Charges As A Result Of The FBI’s Biggest-Ever Ad Fraud
Investigation

fastcosq

How the No.1 most creative person in business this year led the FBI to its
biggest ad-fraud bust ever


   "We thought we could handle this situation ourselves at P&G... but when
   we did an audit with White Ops, we found that we’re not good enough.
   The criminals are far better than we will ever be."


   Marc Pritchard, Chief Brand Officer




   p&glogo2




Key Research

4-19 BB4 Cover Image

2018-2019 Bot Baseline Report

   Read the industry benchmark report on bot fraud in advertising.

   Download the report >

Outline Cover

The Hunt for 3VE

   Read about how White Ops led one of the largest botnet takedowns in
   history.

   Read about 3VE >

Screen Shot 2019-07-18 at 9.58.35 AM

The Methbot Operation

   Discover how White Ops took down a botnet stealing more than $3 million
   per day.

   Learn about Methbot >

     * Products
          + MediaGuard
          + FraudSensor
     * Resources
          + Bot Baseline Report
          + Featured
          + Research
          + Case Studies
          + Videos
          + Ad Fraud Learning Center
     * Careers
          + Overview
          + Explore Roles
     * Company
          + About
          + Press
          + Legal
          + Privacy

   whiteOpsLogoHorizWhite_v3-01.png
     *
     *
     *
