   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation Jacques-Henri Jourdan
     * Home
     * Publications

   Jacques-Henri Jourdan

CV: English - Francais

Email

   jacques-henri.jourdan [at] lri [dot] fr

   My PGP public key

Mail address


    LRI, Bat 650
    Univerité Paris Sud 11
    91406 Orsay Cedex
    France

Physical address


    PCRI, bureau 63
    Rue Noetzlin
    91190 Gif-sur-Yvette
    France

Welcome !

   I am a CNRS researcher (chargé de recherche CNRS) in the VALS team,
   which is part of the Laboratoire de Recherche en Informatique of
   Université Paris-Sud

   Before integrating that team,
     * I was a postdoc at Max Plank Institute for Software Systems
       (MPI-SWS) in Derek Dreyer's team, on the RustBelt project. Our
       objective was to formalize Rust's type system and prove that some
       particular unsafe Rust code fragments do not break the whole type
       system;
     * I was a PhD student in computer science at Inria, in team Gallium,
       under the direction of Xavier Leroy. I defended successfully on
       26th May 2016.

Research interests

   My research interests include formal verification of software. In
   particular, my PhD project lies exactly between abstract interpretation
   and the Coq proof assistant.

   I am also interested in several subjects linked to programming
   languages: LR parsing, floating-point arithmetic, compilation...

PhD thesis

   My PhD thesis is available here. Its title is "Verasco: a Formally
   Verified C Static Analyzer".

   It received the 2016 thesis prize of the GdR GPL (french research group
   on programming and software engineering)!

Software

   Vincent Laporte and I are the two main authors of the Verasco formally
   verified static analyzer. I have written the abstract interpreter, and
   most of the numerical abstract domain hierarchy.

   I developed a statistical memory profiler for OCaml. It provides OCaml
   developers a flexible tool for understanding the memory behavior of an
   OCaml program with virtually no overhead. It can be used through the
   xxxx+statistical-memprof Opam switches.

   I am an occasional contributor to the CompCert verified compiler. In
   particular, I am the initial author of its parser, and I contributed to
   its support of IEEE754-compliant floating-point numbers.

   With my wife, we are the authors of a few R packages.

Misc

   I was the teaching assistant for the course "Langages de programmation
   et compilation", at ENS with Jean-Christophe Filliâtre, years 2013/2014
   and 2014/2015.

   I have been one of the organizers of the Junior Seminar of Inria Paris

   I am a member of the France-IOI association since a few years now. I
   used to participate to the organization of the French Bebras contest
   contest, which aims at popularizing computer science for teenagers.

   I have been a member of hackEns, the hackerspace of ENS. I am still
   happy to do fun hacks with electronics or with my RepRap.
