    #alternate Ezoic » Feed Ezoic » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   [tr?id=557706597717259&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   [pixel?tag=ViewContent&noscript=1]

   Ezoic

     * Get Started
     * Home
     * Features
          + Ad Tester
          + Layout Tester
          + Content Tester
          + Header Bidding
          + Ad Mediation
          + Script Tester
          + Google AMP Converter
          + PWA Converter
          + GDPR Consent App
          + Direct Ad Deals
          + Google Ad Manager Extension
          + Big Data Analytics
          + Site Speed Tools
     * Built For
          + Publishers & Site Owners
          + Ad Operation Professionals
          + Revenue Managers
          + Bloggers
          + Website Testing
          + Increase UX & Revenue
          + Measure Fake UX
          + Google AdSense Account Optimization
     * Resources
          + Frequently Asked Questions
          + Case Studies
          + Ezoic Reviews
          + Ezoic Explains
          + Podcasts
          + Pricing
          + Ad Revenue Index
          + Support Articles
     * About Us
          + Who We Are
          + Press
          + Careers
     * Blog
     * Login
     * en en

   Select Page
   ____________________

     * General T&C's
     * Privacy Policy
     * GDPR
     * Cookies

   Ezoic Terms of Use

   Ezoic Inc, a Nevada corporation (“Ezoic”) provides the website located
   at www.ezoic.com (“ezoic.com”), all the content under this domain,
   certain related software, and it’s services to you subject to the
   following terms and conditions. By using Ezoic you agree to be bound be
   the latest amended versions of this Agreement and Ezoic’s Privacy and
   Security Policy (see “Modifications” below).

   SECTION 1: ACCEPTING THE TERMS

   Ezoic optimizes, caches, alters, monetizes, collects data, and serves
   your website to end users. Services include but are not limited to
   analytics tools, reporting and optimization tools and services. By
   using the information, tools, features and functionality located on
   Ezoic.com, through any Ezoic APIs, or through any software or other
   websites that interface with Ezoic.com or its APIs, (collectively the
   “Service”), you agree to be bound by this Agreement, whether you are a
   “Visitor” (meaning you merely browse the Ezoic.com website) or you are
   a “Member” (meaning you have registered with Ezoic). The term “you” or
   “User” refers to a Visitor or a Member. If you wish to become a Member
   and make use of the Service you must read this Agreement and indicate
   your acceptance during the Registration process. If you accept this
   Agreement, you represent that you have the capacity to be bound by it
   or, if you are acting on behalf of a company or entity, that you have
   the authority to bind such entity.

   SECTION 2: COPYRIGHTS

   All content included on Ezoic.com, such as text, graphics, logos,
   button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data
   compilations, and software, as well as the compilation of that content
   into one, coherent website, is the property of Ezoic and protected by
   United States and international copyright laws. Reproduction of the
   content of Ezoic.com without the written permission of Ezoic is
   prohibited.

   SECTION 3: TRADEMARKS AND SERVICEMARKS

   Ezoic, the Ezoic logo, and other Ezoic graphics, logos, page headers,
   button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, certification
   marks, service marks, or other trade dress of Ezoic or its
   subsidiaries. Ezoic’s trademarks, certification marks, service marks,
   and trade dress have inherent meaning and substantial value because of
   their restricted use. They may not be used in connection with any
   product or service that is not Ezoic’s, in any manner without Ezoic’s
   permission. All other trademarks not owned by Ezoic or its subsidiaries
   that appear on Ezoic.com are the property of their respective owners,
   who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by
   Ezoic or its subsidiaries.

   SECTION 4: LICENSE TO ACCESS EZOIC.COM AND SERVICES AND AVAILABILITY

   In consideration for accessing Ezoic.com and the Service, Ezoic grants
   you a limited license to access and make personal use of the website.
   This license prohibits your downloading (other than page caching) or
   modifying any portion of it, except with express, written consent of
   Ezoic. This license does not allow resale of Ezoic’s services without
   Ezoic’s written permission. You may not frame or utilize framing
   techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary
   information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Ezoic.com
   without express written consent of Ezoic. You may not use any meta tags
   or any other “hidden text” utilizing Ezoic’s name or trademarks without
   the express written consent of Ezoic. Any unauthorized use
   automatically terminates the permission or license granted by Ezoic and
   may incur legal liabilities for any damages. You are granted a limited,
   revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to any
   non-password protected directories. You may not use any of Ezoic’s
   proprietary graphics or trademarks as part of the link without express
   written permission.

   EZOIC MAKES NO GUARANTEE REGARDING THE LEVEL OF PAGEVIEWS OR AD
   IMPRESSIONS OR CLICKS OR THE AMOUNT OF PAYMENT MADE TO YOU UNDER THIS
   AGREEMENT. IN ADDITION, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, EZOIC DOES NOT
   GUARANTEE THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES OR DURING ANY DOWN
   TIME (i) CAUSED BY OUTAGES TO ANY PUBLIC INTERNET BACKBONES (ii) CAUSED
   BY ANY FAILURES OF YOUR EQUIPMENT, SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, (iii) FOR
   PREVIOUSLY SCHEDULED MAINTENANCE (iv) CAUSED BY A TECHNICAL ERROR,
   CODING ERROR, UPDATES, MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR (v) RELATING TO EVENTS
   BEYOND EZOIC’S CONTROL SUCH AS STRIKES, RIOTS, INSURRECTION, FIRES,
   FLOODS, EXPLOSIONS, WAR, GOVERNMENTAL ACTION, LABOR CONDITIONS,
   EARTHQUAKES, NATURAL DISASTERS OR INTERUPTIONS TO INTERNET SERVICES IN
   AN AREA WHERE EZOIC OR YOUR SERVERS ARE LOCATED OR CO-LOCATED. EZOIC
   RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SUSPEND OR INTERRUPT ACCESS TO THE SERVICE OR
   PORTIONS OF OUR WEBSITE, AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.

   LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE ENGINEERING, DECOMPILATION, AND DISASSEMBLY.

   You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Service or
   any software made available to you through ezoic.com, ezoic.net or it’s
   related services, except and only to the extent that such activity is
   expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.

   SECTION 5: ACCOUNTS AND PASSWORDS

   YOU MAY ONLY HAVE ONE EZOIC ACCOUNT. If you are issued an account, you
   are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and
   password, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities
   that occur under your account or password. Ezoic reserves the right to,
   under its sole discretion, refuse service, suspend or terminate
   accounts, or otherwise restrict access to Ezoic.com and the Ezoic
   Service.

   SECTION 6: ADVERTISING AND PAYMENT

   If you designate another entity to be your representative, then that
   representative shall be (“Payee”).  In all other cases you are the
   (“Payee”)

   You understand and agree that Ezoic will place advertisements or ad
   network code on your website. Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties
   in writing (including by electronic mail), payments to Payee shall be
   sent by Ezoic within approximately forty five (45) days after the end
   of each calendar month that you utilize the Ezoic Service and your
   balance is $20 or more. In the event the Agreement is terminated, Ezoic
   shall pay Payee’s earned balance to Payee within approximately ninety
   (90) days after the end of the calendar month in which the Agreement is
   terminated by you (following Ezoic’s receipt of your written request,
   including by email, to terminate the Agreement) or by Ezoic. In no
   event, however, shall Ezoic make payments for any earned balance less
   than $10. However, in the event that Ezoic is investigating your
   account for violations of these terms, Ezoic may withhold payment for
   up to (90) days while the investigation is pending and Ezoic is
   awaiting confirmation from ad networks of valid traffic and revenue.
   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ezoic shall not be liable for any
   payment based on: (a) any amounts which result from invalid queries,
   invalid Referral Events, or invalid clicks or impressions on Ads
   generated by any person, bot, automated program or similar device, as
   reasonably determined by Ezoic, including without limitation through
   any clicks or impressions (i) originating from Your IP addresses or
   computers under Your control, (ii) solicited by payment of money, false
   representation, or request for end users to click on Ads, or (iii)
   solicited by payment of money, false representation, or any illegal or
   otherwise invalid request for end users to complete referral events;
   (b) ads delivered to end users whose browsers have JavaScript disabled;
   (c) ads benefiting charitable organizations and other placeholder or
   transparent ads that Ezoic may deliver; or (d) clicks co-mingled with a
   significant number of invalid clicks described in (a) above, or as a
   result of any breach of this Agreement by you for any applicable pay
   period. Ezoic reserves the right to withhold payment or charge back
   Payee’s account due to any of the foregoing or any breach of this
   agreement by you, pending Ezoics’ reasonable investigation of any of
   the foregoing or any breach of this Agreement by you, or in the event
   that an advertiser or ad network whose ads are displayed in connection
   with your site defaults on payment for such ads to Ezoic. All revenue
   amounts shown in the Ezoic publisher area, including but not limited to
   your dashboard, Earnings section, Advanced Reporting and reported via
   the reporting API are estimated and are subject to change at any time.
    You agree to pay all applicable taxes or charges imposed by any
   government entity in connection with your participation in the Program.
   Ezoic may change its pricing and/or payment structure at any time. If
   you dispute any payment, you must notify Ezoic in writing within thirty
   (30) days of any such payment; failure to so notify Ezoic shall result
   in the waiver by you of any claim relating to any such disputed
   payment. Payee shall receive a payment of 100% of the Net Revenue
   generated from the advertisements placed on your website for your
   benefit (“Your Website Ads”), less any adjustments for fraud, invalid
   traffic, traffic quality, website quality, click-fraud, ezoic
   improvement metrics and/or advertiser or ad network charge-backs, in
   each case as determined by Ezoic.  (“Net Revenue”) is 100% of the total
   amount paid by advertisers or ad networks to Ezoic originating from
   Your Website Ads, less any charges or fees related to the acquisition,
   targeting, delivery and serving of ads or pageviews.  By way of
   example, charges or fees may include items such as ad server fees,
   third party data fees, etc. Payment shall be calculated solely based on
   records maintained by Ezoic. No other measurements or statistics of any
   kind shall be accepted by Ezoic or have any effect under this
   Agreement. The payments made under this Agreement are for use by Payee
   and you only and may not be transferred or in any manner passed on to
   any third party (i.e., distributed to Properties managed by You that
   require separate payments) unless expressly authorized in writing by
   Ezoic (including by electronic mail).

   You may NOT click on ads on your own website or cause, solicit or
   encourage others to click on ads on your website.

   Participation in Services is subject to your acceptance and continued
   compliance with this agreement and with the Google Adsense Advertising
   Policies outlined at https://www.google.com/adsense/policies. You agree
   that Ezoic is not, and can not, under any circumstances be held
   responsible for the removal or banning of your site by Google Adsense
   or any other online advertising program.

   You authorize Ezoic to represent you and/or act as an agent on your
   behalf in dealings with ad networks.  Ezoic may represent your
   website’s inventory, setup your website and domain(s) and complete
   other such actions in order to get approved and to get ads running from
   such network.

   Ezoic may charge fees for the use of the Services or part of them and
   may include advertisements or other commercial content in an Ezoic
   product or page including such which have been created by users unless
   stated otherwise.

   You acknowledge that the use of Ezoic Services may, under certain
   circumstances, raise or lower the cost of your ad serving, web hosting,
   analytics or other third-party services. Ezoic is in no way responsible
   for any change in costs associated with the Service.

   SECTION 7: YOUR CONTENT AND COPYRIGHTS

   You retain full copyrights in any of your materials served through
   Ezoic. Ezoic a You acknowledge that Ezoic will modify the content of
   your site, including but not limited to changing the layout, colors,
   removing content and adding content. Ezoic is not responsible for any
   search engine ranking changes or other traffic changes to your site.
   You hereby grant to Ezoic a nonexclusive, worldwide license (a) to sell
   (if you authorize Ezoic to do so on your behalf), deliver, publish,
   republish, display, distribute; (b) to reproduce and store the content
   on Ezoic’s computers and servers, and make back-ups of the content for
   disaster recovery purposes; (c) to reformat, edit, display, market,
   transmit, distribute, and otherwise digitally make available to end
   users all or any portion of the content for download, access, and
   viewing on a portable electronic device, making any modifications as
   needed to optimize how the content is displayed on a portable
   electronic device; and (d) to display excerpts of the content for
   marketing purposes. Ezoic retains full copyrights to all website
   layouts created by Ezoic. Should you discontinue Services, you agree
   that you will not utilize, copy or attempt to copy the layouts or
   modifications made to your site by Ezoic, however you will retain full
   copyrights of all of your original website content.  You hereby agree
   that if you shall notify Ezoic if you have any legal obligations to
   show specific content or advertisements on your site and that you hold
   You agree to indemnify and hold Ezoic, and its subsidiaries,
   affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and
   employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable
   attorneys’ fees, arising out of the removal or failure to display such
   content or advertisements.

   SECTION 8: DEVICE APPLICATIONS

   You acknowledge and agree that, if you opt in, Ezoic will create native
   applications for device platforms such as iOS and/or Android. The
   application will be the sole property of Ezoic Inc. and you grant Ezoic
   a nonexclusive license to reproduce and store your content on such
   applications. Mobile applications will only update their content if you
   have Ezoic enabled for mobile and tablet devices and showing at least
   50% Ezoic versions. If you choose to discontinue the Ezoic service,
   turn off mobile or tablet or to show less than 50% Ezoic version on
   those platforms, the content in your application may stop updating.
   However, due to the nature of applications, users that have already
   installed such application will continue to have access to the outdated
   content and new users may install the applications using application
   stores such as the Apple App store, Google Play or similar. If you
   would like the application removed from those stores, please notify us
   in writing and we notify the participating app stores.

   SECTION 9: RECORDS OF EZOIC.COM VISITOR USE AND ABUSE

   As a visitor to Ezoic.com and a user of the Ezoic Service, you consent
   to having your Internet Protocol address recorded and your activities
   monitored to prevent abuse.

   SECTION 10: PRIVACY & GDPR

   Details of Ezoic’s privacy policy and compliance with the General Data
   Protection Regulation can be found in the Privacy and GDPR tabs of this
   page.

   SECTION 11: LIMITATION ON CACHING

   You acknowledge that Ezoic’s Service is offered as a platform to
   optimize, cache and serve web pages and websites and is not offered for
   other purposes, such as remote storage. Accordingly, you understand and
   agree to use the Service solely for the purpose of optimizing, hosting
   and serving web pages as viewed through a web browser or other
   application and the Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) protocol or other
   equivalent technology. Ezoic’s Service is also a shared web caching
   service, which means a number of customers’ websites are cached from
   the same server. To ensure that Ezoic’s Service is reliable and
   available for the greatest number of users, a customer’s usage cannot
   adversely affect the performance of other customers’ sites.
   Additionally, the purpose of Ezoic’s Service is to proxy web content,
   not store data. Using an account primarily as an online storage space,
   including the storage or caching of a disproportionate percentage of
   pictures, movies, audio files, or other non-HTML content, is
   prohibited. You further agree that if, at Ezoic’s sole discretion, you
   are deemed to have violated this SECTION, or if Ezoic, in its sole
   discretion, deems it necessary due to excessive burden or potential
   adverse impact on Ezoic’s systems, potential adverse impact on other
   users, server processing power, server memory, abuse controls, or other
   reasons, Ezoic may suspend or terminate your account without notice to
   or liability to you.

   SECTION 12: INVESTIGATION

   Ezoic reserves the right to investigate you, your business, and/or your
   owners, officers, directors, managers, and other principals, your
   sites, and the materials comprising the sites at any time. These
   investigations will be conducted the benefit of Ezoic and/or Ezoic’s
   partners, and not for your benefit or that of any third party. If the
   investigation reveals any information, act, or omission, which in
   Ezoic’s sole opinion, constitutes a violation of any local, state,
   federal, or foreign law or regulation, this Agreement, or is otherwise
   deemed harm the Service, Ezoic may immediately shut down your access to
   the Service. You agree to waive any cause of action or claim you may
   have against Ezoic for such action, including but not limited to any
   disruption to your website. You acknowledge that Ezoic may, at its own
   discretion, reveal the information about your web server to alleged
   copyright holders or other complainants who have filed complaints with
   us.

   SECTION 13: INDEMNITY

   You agree to indemnify and hold Ezoic, and its subsidiaries,
   affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and
   employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable
   attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Service, your
   connection to the Service, your violation of the Terms of Service, or
   your violation of any rights of another.

   SECTION 14: DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

   EZOIC.COM, THE EZOIC SERVICE, AND DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED BY
   EZOIC ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. EZOIC MAKES NO
   REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO
   THE OPERATION OF EZOIC.COM, THE EFFECTIVENESS OF ITS SERVICES, OR THE
   INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON EZOIC.COM. YOU
   EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF EZOIC.COM, THE EZOIC SERVICE, AND ANY
   DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT
   PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, EZOIC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS
   OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
   MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL
   EZOIC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
   EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
   PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
   PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
   LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
   EZOIC.COM, THE EZOIC SERVICE, OR DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
   OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. EZOIC MAKES REASONABLE EFFORTS, BUT
   DOES NOT WARRANT THAT EZOIC.COM, THE EZOIC SERVICE, ANY DOWNLOADABLE
   SOFTWARE, THE EZOIC SERVERS, OR EMAIL SENT FROM ANY OF ITS DOMAINS ARE
   FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. EZOIC WILL NOT BE LIABLE
   FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE EZOIC.COM, THE
   EZOIC SERVICE, OR EZOIC DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE INCLUDING, BUT NOT
   LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL
   DAMAGES. EZOIC WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM
   THE REMOVAL, TERMINATION OR TERMINATION OF SERVICE FROM ANY THIRD PARTY
   SERVICE USED ON YOUR WEBSITE OR IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE EZOIC SERVICE,
   INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SEARCH ENGINES (SUCH AS Google, Bing,
   Yahoo), AD NETWORKS OR EXCHANGES (Such as Google Adsense, ValueClick,
   InfoLinks).

   SECTION 15: TERMINATION

   Ezoic’s policy is to investigate violations of these Terms of Service
   and terminate repeat infringers. You agree that Ezoic may, under
   certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate
   your Ezoic account, any associated email address, and access to
   Ezoic.com and associated Services. Cause for such termination shall
   include, but not be limited to: (a) breaches or violations of the Terms
   of Service or other incorporated agreements or guidelines; (b) requests
   by law enforcement or other government agencies; (c) a request by you
   (self-initiated account deletions); (d) discontinuance or material
   modification to the Service (or any part thereof); (e) unexpected
   technical or security issues or problems; (f) extended periods of
   inactivity; (g) you have engaged or are reasonably suspected to be
   engaged in fraudulent or illegal activities; (h) having provided false
   information as part of your account; (i) having failed to keep your
   account complete, true, and accurate; (j) any use of the Service deemed
   at Ezoic’s sole discretion to be prohibited; (k) use of fraudulent
   payment methods; and/or (l) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in
   connection with Ezoic.com and associated Services. Further, you agree
   that all terminations for cause shall be made in Ezoic’s sole
   discretion and that Ezoic shall not be liable to you or any third-party
   for any termination of your account, access to the Service, or any
   disruption to your services such a termination may cause. You expressly
   agree that in the case of a termination for cause you will not have any
   opportunity to cure. You further acknowledge and agree that
   notwithstanding any termination, your obligations to Ezoic set forth in
   Sections 2, 3, 4, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 23, 24, 25 and 26 shall survive
   such termination.

   SECTION 16: DMCA & ABUSE REPORTS

   Ezoic is a pass-through network and, at most, caches content for a
   limited period in order to improve network performance. Ezoic
   automatically removes content from our caches within seven days of when
   it has been removed from our customer’s origin web server. Ezoic is not
   a hosting provider and has no way of removing abusive content on third
   party hosting services. Individuals or copyright holders concerned with
   content served through Ezoic’s network may submit a complaint for
   investigation to: Report Abuse. Ezoic does not accept abuse complaints
   submitted over the telephone. If you would prefer not to use our
   complaint submission form, you may mail your complaint to:
   Ezoic, Inc.
   Attn: Abuse Department
   6023 Innovation Way 2nd Floor Offices
   Carlsbad, CA
   92009
   Please provide detailed information supporting your complaint as well
   as an affidavit attesting to its validity. By submitting a complaint,
   you acknowledge that, at Ezoic’s sole discretion, copies of the
   complaint may be provided to the Ezoic user, the user’s hosting
   provider, posted on Ezoic’s website, and/or provided to third party
   services such as ChillingEffects.org.

   SECTION 17: MODIFICATIONS

   Ezoic may modify this Agreement from time to time. Any and all changes
   to this Agreement will be posted on Ezoic.com. In addition, the
   Agreement will indicate the date it was last revised. You are deemed to
   accept and agree to be bound by any changes to the Agreement when you
   use the Service after those changes are posted.

   SECTION 18: LINKS

   The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other
   websites or resources. Because Ezoic has no control over such sites and
   resources, you acknowledge and agree that Ezoic is not responsible for
   the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not
   endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising,
   products, or other materials on or available from such sites or
   resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Ezoic shall not be
   responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss
   caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or
   reliance on any such content.

   SECTION 19: PUBLICITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY

   Ezoic shall be permitted to identify you as a customer, to use your
   website’s name in connection with proposals to prospective customers,
   to hyperlink to your website’s home page, to display your logo on the
   Ezoic’s web site, and to otherwise refer to you in print or electronic
   form for marketing or reference purposes. Ezoic may utilize information
   gathered from the Mediation App and the Adsense Certified Program
   (“Mediation Information”) for it’s own purposes and for providing
   generalized statistics and optimizations. Ezoic may not disclose
   Mediation Information to any third-party other than authorized third
   parties. Authorized parties may include app developers, industry
   partners, channel partners and investment partners – provided that they
   have a privacy and non-disclosure agreement in place with Ezoic. You
   may not disclose or cause to be disclose, Ezoic Confidential
   Information without Ezoic’s prior written consent. “Ezoic Confidential
   Information” include without limitation: (a) all Ezoic software,
   technology programming, specifications, materials, guidelines and
   documentation relating to the Ezoic Service; (b) rpmv, cpms,
   click-through rates or other statistics relating to your site’s
   performance in Ezoic Service; (c) screenshots, pictures, drawings or
   other representations or descriptions of Ezoic Service, including the
   entire Ezoic publisher area, reporting area, setting pages and (d) any
   other information designated in writing by Ezoic as “Confidential” or
   an equivalent designation. However, you may disclose the amount of
   Ezoic’s gross payments to you from the Service.

   SECTION 20: NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES

   You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Terms of
   Service, there shall be no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

   SECTION 21: WAIVER

   The failure of Ezoic to exercise or enforce any right or provision of
   this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
   provision. If any provision of the Terms of Service is found by a court
   of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree
   that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’
   intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of
   the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.

   SECTION 22: SEVERABILITY OF TERMS

   If any provision of the Terms of Service is found by a court of
   competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree
   that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’
   intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of
   the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.

   SECTION 23: NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF ACCOUNTS

   You agree that your Ezoic account is non-transferable except with the
   written consent of Ezoic.

   SECTION 24: TIME LIMITATIONS FOR CLAIMS

   You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any
   claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of Ezoic.com
   must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose
   or be forever barred.

   SECTION 25: APPLICABLE LAW

   By visiting Ezoic.com, you agree that the laws of the United States
   and, specifically, those of the state of California, without regard to
   principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and
   any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Ezoic or its
   affiliates. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with
   this Agreement shall be adjudicated in San Diego County, California,
   USA.

   SECTION 26: ARBITRATION

   In the case of any disputes under this Agreement, the parties shall
   first attempt in good faith to resolve their dispute informally, or by
   means of commercial mediation, without the necessity of a formal
   proceeding. Any controversy or dispute arising out of or relating to
   this Agreement, or the breach thereof, which cannot otherwise be
   resolved as provided above shall be resolved by arbitration conducted
   in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American
   Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and judgment upon the award rendered by
   the arbitral tribunal may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
   thereof. The arbitration tribunal shall consist of a single arbitrator
   mutually agreed by the parties, or in the absence of such agreement
   within thirty (30) calendar days from the first referral of the dispute
   to the AAA, designated by the AAA. The place of arbitration shall be
   San Diego, California, U.S.A., unless the parties shall have agreed to
   another location within fifteen (15) calendar days from the first
   referral of the dispute to the AAA. The arbitral award shall be final
   and binding. The parties waive any right to appeal the arbitral award,
   to the extent a right to appeal may be lawfully waived. Each party
   retains the right to seek judicial assistance: (i) to compel
   arbitration; (ii) to obtain interim measures of protection prior to or
   pending arbitration, (iii) to seek injunctive relief in the courts of
   any jurisdiction as may be necessary and appropriate to protect the
   unauthorized disclosure of its proprietary or confidential information,
   and (iv) to enforce any decision of the arbitrator, including the final
   award. The arbitration proceedings contemplated by this Section shall
   be as confidential and private as permitted by law. To that end, the
   parties shall not disclose the existence, content or results of any
   proceedings conducted in accordance with this Section, and materials
   submitted in connection with such proceedings shall not be admissible
   in any other proceeding, provided, however, that this confidentiality
   provision shall not prevent a petition to vacate or enforce an arbitral
   award, and shall not bar disclosures required by law.

   SECTION 27: VERSIONS

   The authoritative version of Ezoic’s Terms of Service is available at:
   www.ezoic.com/terms.php. While translations of these terms may be
   provided in multiple languages for your convenience, the English
   language version hosted at the link above is binding for all users of
   Ezoic.com, the Ezoic Service, and any Ezoic Downloadable Software.

   SECTION 28: HEADINGS

   The headings and section titles in the Terms of Service are for
   convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
   INFORMATION ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION AND WEBSITE

   As you may know, the European Union will begin enforcing new data
   protection legislation in May 2018 called the General Data Protection
   Regulation (GDPR). It is a huge step forward in holding service
   providers accountable for how they store and use your personal data in
   the European Union. Most of our policies are already aligned with the
   GDPR’s requirements, but we did need to make a few changes to our
   Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

   Ezoic is committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the
   information that we collect lawfully in accordance with the General
   Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).

   Our principal activities are:
     * Website analytics
     * Website personalization
     * Website hosting

   Our privacy policy covers Ezoic Inc., Ezoic Limited and it’s Website:

   Ezoic Inc.

   6023 Innovation Way, STE 200, Carlsbad, California, United States

   Ezoic Limited

   Toffee Factory, Lower Steenbergs Yard, Newcastle Upon Tyne, NE1 2DF
   United Kingdom

   DATA

   In order to provide our products and services and related support, it
   is necessary for Ezoic to transfer your personal data outside of the
   European Union.  In such case, the data controller for this data for EU
   residents is Ezoic Inc. having it’s registered offices at 5870 El
   Camino Real Carlsbad, California, United States.  All questions of
   requests regarding the processing of data may be addresses to
   data@ezoic.com

   PROVIDING VISITORS WITH ANONYMOUS ACCESS

   If you do not consent to such collection, you can access our website at
   ezoic.com without disclosing your personal data.

   AUTOMATIC COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

   As part of the Ezoic Service, Ezoic will record the traffic to certain
   websites. In doing so, you acknowledge that Ezoic acts as your limited
   agent (and data controller in the EU context) to you for the purpose of
   providing Internet data and optimization services. You acknowledge that
   it is your responsibility to ensure that the use of Ezoic’s Service is
   permitted under the laws of your jurisdiction and you agree to
   indemnify and hold Ezoic harmless if your use of the Service is in
   violation of local law. You agree to post an easily accessible privacy
   policy on your website that, at a minimum, discloses any and all uses
   of personal information that you collect from users including any
   information collected via the Service and that your privacy policy will
   link to an Ezoic privacy policy generated for your site. You agree to
   indemnify and defend Ezoic from and against any and all claims stemming
   from your failure to comply with this provision and/or your failure or
   refusal to abide by the terms and provisions of any applicable privacy
   policies. You acknowledge that Ezoic may use this data to improve its
   service or enable other services (e.g., using visitor traffic logs or
   data posted through the service to improve the optimization of other
   websites).

   Personal Information

   As part of Ezoic Service, Ezoic may collect personal information as
   defined in GDPR (such as IP address and a unique id in a cookie) about
   visitors to your website for the purposes of statistics, analytics and
   personalization.  You may be required to disclose this collection of
   information to visitors from the European Union and it’s uses. You may
   also be required to ask visitors to your website for consent for the
   tracking and storage of such information.  In addition, Ezoic works
   with numerous third parties for the collection and storage of data and
   the providing of analytics and advertising services.  A detailed list
   of the cookies set on your domain, their purpose, and the third parties
   that Ezoic works with can be found in the Consent Management section of
   your Ezoic account.  Ezoic also provides tools to help you obtain and
   manage the consent of your users.  These tools are provided to assist
   you with compliance with GDPR, but in no way ensure compliance.

   Use of Personal Information
   Purpose/Activity Type(s) of Data Lawful basis for processig
    To initially engage with you to discuss requirements
     *  Identity
     * Contact

    Consent
    To process applications for Ezoic Service
     *  Identity
     * Contact
     * Financial
     * Transaction
     * Technical
     * Marketing & Comms

    Your information is used to provide our products and services and
   order processing as well as to conduct security and fraud measures and
   to conduct business transactions such as payments and billings.
    To improve customer service
     *  Identity
     * Contact
     * Profile & Usage
     * Technical
     * Marketing & Comms

    Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your pre and
   post sales requests and provide technical and business support.
    To send periodic emails
     *  Identity
     * Contact
     * Profile & Usage
     * Technical
     * Marketing & Comms

    We may send you periodic company newsletters, new service updates,
   security updates, related product or service information, status
   updates, service availability notices and maintenance window
   information.
    To tell your about our products and services
     *  Identity
     * Contact
     * Profile & Usage
     * Technical
     * Marketing & Comms

    We may send you information about our products and services that may
   be of interest to you based on your use of other Ezoic products and
   services.
    To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and
   measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to
   you
     *  Identity
     * Contact
     * Profile & Usage
     * Technical
     * Marketing & Comms

    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our
   products and services, to develop them, to grow our business and to
   inform our marketing strategy)
    To use data analytics and machine learning to improve our website,
   products and services, marketing, customer relationships and
   experiences.
     * Identity
     * Profile & Usage

   Necessary for our legitimate interests (to analyse customer usage,
   update our website, to develop our business and to inform our marketing
   strategy)


   PROCESSING OF DATA AND CONSENT

   We will process your data for the purpose of performance of our
   contract with you or the legitimate interest of our business. In other
   cases, we will request your consent for the processing of the personal
   data you may submit. Your refusal to provide personal data to us for
   certain products and services may hinder us from fulfilling your order
   for those products or services. Also, if you deny or withdraw your
   consent to use personal data or opt out of receiving information about
   Ezoic’s products and services this may result in you not being made
   aware of sales promotions, renewal notices, periodic company
   newsletters, new service updates, security updates, related product or
   service information, and status updates on maintenance windows or
   service availability.

   USE OF APPLICATION LOGS

   Our servers automatically record information (“Application Log Data”)
   created by your use of our services. Application Log Data may include
   information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system,
   the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier,
   device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We
   use this information to diagnose and improve our services. Except as
   stated in section (Data Retention), we will either delete the
   Application Log Data or remove any account identifiers, such as your
   username, full IP address, or email address, after 48 months.

   DATA RETENTION

   The personal information we collect is retained for no longer than
   necessary to fulfil the stated purposes in section “PROCESSING OF DATA
   AND CONSENT” above or for a period specifically required by law or
   regulation that Ezoic is obligated to follow. Personal data used to
   fulfil verification of certain types of services such as SSL
   certificate, payments, and billing will be retained for a minimum of 5
   years depending on the class of product or service and may be retained
   in either a physical or electronic format. Even if you request deletion
   or erasure of your data, we may retain your personal data to the extent
   necessary and for so long as necessary for our legitimate business
   interests or performance of contractual obligations. After the
   retention period is over, Ezoic securely disposes or anonymizes your
   personal information in order to prevent loss, theft, misuse, or
   unauthorized access.

   CONFIDENTIALITY / SECURITY

   We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to
   protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
   unauthorized access improper use or disclosure unauthorized
   modification unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees
   and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the
   processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality
   of our visitors’ personal data. We ensure that your personal data will
   not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if
   required by law or other regulation


   The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU)
   2016/679) is a privacy and data protection regulation in the European
   Union (EU) and will be enforceable from May 25 2018 and requires no
   enabling legislation so automatically becomes binding and applicable on
   that date.

   The GDPR imposes new obligations on organisations that control or
   process relevant personal data and introduces new rights and
   protections for EU data subjects.

   The GDPR applies to data processing carried out by organisations
   operating within the EU. It also applies to organisations outside the
   EU that offer goods or services to individuals in the EU.

   Ezoic places a high importance on information security and within our
   company we already comply with a number of standards that also focus on
   information data security.

   Ezoic will be complying with the GDPR as a processor and controller of
   data and have been planning and developing a program of works which
   will deliver what is required by the legislation. This will involve
   working with our suppliers and partner organisations to ensure they can
   meet these obligations.

   As we work towards compliance, we have engaged an external advisor to
   ensure we deliver best practice in compliance, and our program up to
   May 2018 falls into these areas:

   Customer Contracts: we will review our Terms and Conditions to
   addresses GDPR compliance.

   Policy Development: we will review/ refresh and develop our range of
   policies including Data Breach Policy, Business Continuity Plans, DPO
   appointment, Subject Access Requests, Individuals Rights, ICO Good
   Practice

   Website Data Collection & Consent, Privacy Policy: we will provide an
   updated framework and privacy policy to incorporate the GDPR
   obligations. This will include legal framework gap analysis arising
   from the reviews we undertake as the plan progresses.

   Data Impact Assessments & Data Inventory: we are already undertaking a
   systematic review of the data we store, manage, maintain, collect,
   process and control. . Assessments of the data will review information
   flow, any data transfers, risk reviews, and structural position in
   relation to Lawfulness, Purpose, Minimization, Accuracy, Consent,
   Limitation, Integrity & Confidentiality, Record Keeping and
   Accountability.

   Training & Awareness: we will undertake training across the company on
   the GDPR and its impact on the new policies, procedures, and
   responsibilities of staff & stakeholders in this new regime.

   Controls & Gap Analysis: running alongside the work already underway,
   we will be reviewing the controls in place, or required.

   Supplier & Partner relationships: where relevant and related, we will
   be using all reasonable endeavours to ensure that our third party and
   suppliers are complying with the GDPR.

   Technology: we will be reviewing our technology platforms to analyse
   their operation, security, compliance in order to ensure that they meet
   the standards we have laid down and identify any gaps and risks.


   Cookie Name Description
   active_template::### Used by the analytics and personalization company,
   Ezoic, to store which template you are viewing on this website.
    ezds  Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic, to
   store the pixel size of your screen to help personalize your experience
   and ensure content fits.
    ezoab_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic, to
   split test different features and functionality.
    ezoadgid_### Records an id that to your age and gender category.  For
   example, id 923 might be for males between 20 and 30 years old.
    ezohw Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic, to
   store the pixel size of your browser to help personalize your
   experience and ensure content fits.
    ezopvc_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to store the number of pages that you have viewed on this site in this
   session.
    ezoref_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to store the referring domain (the website you were at before you can
   to this website).
    ezostid_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to test different features and functionality and to record which
   features and functionality are available to you so you receive a
   consistent experience.
    ezosuigeneris Used by the analytics and personalization company,
   Ezoic, to uniquely identify you across different websites on the
   internet so your experience can be customized.
    ezouid_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to uniquely identify you as a visitor on this website. Used for
   analytics and personalization of your experience.
    ezovid_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to uniquely identify a visit by you to this website. Used for analytics
   and personalization of your experience.
    ezovuuid_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to uniquely identify a visit by you to this website. Used for analytics
   and personalization of your experience.
    ezovuuidtime_### Used by the analytics and personalization company,
   Ezoic, to record the time of your visit to this website so different
   visits can be differentiated from each other.
    ezux_et_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to record the amount of time that you engaged with content on this
   website. Used for analytics purposes to improve user experience.
    ezux_ifep_### Used by the analytics and personalization company,
   Ezoic, to record whether you have engaged with the content on this
   site.  Used for analytics purposes to improve user experience.
    ezux_lpl_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to record the time that you loaded the last page on this website.
    ezux_tos_### Used by the analytics and personalization company, Ezoic,
   to record the amount of time you have spent on this website.
    ezoawesome_### Used by the analytics and personalization company,
   Ezoic, for fraud and invalid activity detection.

   Last Updated Aug 1, 2019 @ 2:37 pm Pacific Time

     * Careers
     * Contact Us
     * Terms of Service
     * Sitemap
     * Privacy Policy
     * Affiliate Login
     * Press
     * FAQ
     * Knowledgebase
     * Blog

     * Facebook
     * Twitter

   2019 © Ezoic Inc. All rights reserved

   Copy link
   https://www.ezoic.co CopyCopied
    #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate Ezoic » Feed Ezoic
   » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   [tr?id=557706597717259&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   [pixel?tag=ViewContent&noscript=1]

   Ezoic

     * Get Started
     * Home
     * Features
          + Ad Tester
          + Layout Tester
          + Content Tester
          + Header Bidding
          + Ad Mediation
          + Script Tester
          + Google AMP Converter
          + PWA Converter
          + GDPR Consent App
          + Direct Ad Deals
          + Google Ad Manager Extension
          + Big Data Analytics
          + Site Speed Tools
     * Built For
          + Publishers & Site Owners
          + Ad Operation Professionals
          + Revenue Managers
          + Bloggers
          + Website Testing
          + Increase UX & Revenue
          + Measure Fake UX
          + Google AdSense Account Optimization
     * Resources
          + Frequently Asked Questions
          + Case Studies
          + Ezoic Reviews
          + Ezoic Explains
          + Podcasts
          + Pricing
          + Ad Revenue Index
          + Support Articles
     * About Us
          + Who We Are
          + Press
          + Careers
     * Blog
     * Login
     * en en
          + fr fr
          + de de
          + es es
          + ja ja

   Select Page
   ____________________

Improve Visitor Experiences & Website Revenue

   An Innovative Platform For Intelligent Publishers
   Learn More

Website Intelligence For Digital Publishers

   Balance & improve revenue, content, layouts, site speed, SEO, and more
   Create Account

Better Experiences, Higher Ad Earnings

   Ezoic is a platform that allows digital publishers to streamline and
   automate the optimization of their ads, layouts, infrastructure, and
   more. Publishers use Ezoic to manage website performance and capitalize
   on opportunities to grow traffic and revenue.

   Ezoic empowers publishers using real artificial intelligence. This
   includes the ability to collect important data and automate decisions
   that improve visitor experiences, SEO, site speed, and website revenue.
   Create Account
   ezoic artificial intelligence platform for digital publishers
   [ja.png]
   ezoic ad platform and publisher monetization system
   [ja.png]
   ezoic ad platform and publisher monetization system
   [ja.png]
   ezoic ad platform and publisher monetization system
   [ja.png]
   ezoic ad platform and publisher monetization system
   [ja.png]

Popular Ezoic Platform Features

   

Ad Tester

   Ad Tester allows websites to perform automated ad placement testing.
   Ezoic learns how visitors respond to ad density, placements, and
   various networks. Then, automatically makes adjustments to maximize
   earnings and balance visitor experiences
   Ad Tester Info
   

Layout Tester

   Ezoic’s Layout Tester allows publishers to test multiple website
   layouts (mobile, desktop, or tablet) and then automatically adjusts the
   site to deliver each visitor the layout that is going to best balance
   user experience and revenue.
   Layout Tester Info
   

Header Bidding

   Ezoic simplifies the setup of a server-side competitive bidding auction
   for your ad inventory live on your site. Existing bidding partners can
   compete with Ezoic partners over ad inventory. Ezoic makes setting up
   and managing header bidding easy.
   Header Bidding Info
   

Big Data Analytics

   Ezoic’s Big Data Analytics allows publishers to track visitor
   engagement and authentic behavior on their digital properties. This
   gives publishers access to data — unavailable through Google Analytics
   — around SEO, ad earnings, & more.
   Big Data Analytics Info
   

AMP Converter

   Ezoic’s AMP Converter creates AMP versions of your site’s pages without
   the typical loss in functionality or earning potential. Ezoic is a
   certified Google Partner and includes all of Ezoic’s existing
   multivariate testing technology inside of AMP.
   AMP Converter Info
   

Site Speed Tools

   Ezoic helps automate some of the most difficult parts of speeding up a
   website. Ezoic provides a free CDN, advanced caching intelligence, and
   a site speed app designed to implement Google’s best practices
   automatically without any complications.
   Site Speed Info

   Featured On…
   digiday media publishing
   machine learning for website visitors
   website monetization news
   media publishing and digital advertising
   major media publishing
   website site speed
   website ads
   media publishing and digital advertising

Ezoic Is An End-To-End Platform

   

Publishers & Site Owners

   A platform filled with tools to help you improve everything from SEO to
   ad revenue.
   More for Publishers
   

Ad Operations Professionals

   Ezoic streamlines testing and visitor segmentation so that you can
   focus more on ops.
   More for Ad Ops
   

Revenue Managers

   Analyze data on how audiences, revenue sources, and web changes impact
   each other.
   More for CROs

Longer Visits, Higher Website Revenue

   automated website testing
   View Case Studies

   Track and improve authentic visitor engagement. Ezoic collects advanced
   analytics on visitor behavior and allows publishers to make automated
   adjustments to their sites that help them balance reader experiences
   and revenue.

   Improve performance. Use Ezoic’s platform tools to increase site speed,
   improve security, and test everything from ad placements to mobile
   technologies, like AMP.

   Chosen by the top names in publishing. Ezoic is used by everyone from
   popular bloggers to the largest media brands in the world.

Ezoic Is An Easy-To-Use Technology

   Ezoic is compatible with every type of website, CMS, host, programming
   language, and ad provider. Publishers can start off by using Ezoic on
   only a small percentage of their traffic to prove just how effective
   the technology can be.
   Try Ezoic Now

A Data-Driven Partner

   Ezoic is a data-driven platform that allows websites of every shape and
   size to benefit from the power of big data with complete transparency
   and control.

   Use Ezoic’s Big Data Analytics application to grow your traffic
   efficiently or run automated tests with Ad Tester that are pre-designed
   by Ezoic to help increase revenue and improve user experiences.
   See More Details
   Enterprise Edition
   ezoic artificial intelligence platform for digital publishers

Ezoic Is Risk-Free

   Ezoic doesn’t require a credit card or contract to get started.
   Publishers can also control how much of their traffic they send to
   Ezoic to start with. We partner with our customers and want every
   single one of them to understand the value our platform provides first
   and foremost.
   Create An Account

Join A Trusted Industry Leader

   Ezoic (ee-zo-ic) is a Google award-winning platform for publishers.
   Ezoic was inspired by the idea that, with the growing complexity of the
   digital ecosystem, many publishers were struggling to make critical
   decisions. With so many competing priorities and goals to balance,
   publishers needed an objective way to optimize, streamline, and balance
   all the elements that make digital publishers successful.

   Ezoic was designed with an understanding that the amount of testing and
   learning that would need to be done to truly optimize a website’s full
   potential was outside of the ability of a single human, or even a
   massive team of humans. That’s why we built a platform that leverages
   true machine learning to help our platform users manage and automate
   the tests and adjustments needed to maximize a site’s true potential.

   Ezoic is now the world’s leading artificial intelligence platform for
   publishers with thousands of new customers joining the platform each
   year. Ezoic is headquartered in North County, San Diego CA, with
   offices in San Francisco, London, and Newcastle, U.K. Ezoic is the
   preferred solution of thousands of popular websites and large media
   brands that send well over half a billion visitors per day through the
   Ezoic technology.
   ezoic machine learning ad platform
   ezoic machine learning ad platform
   More About Ezoic

     * Careers
     * Contact Us
     * Terms of Service
     * Sitemap
     * Privacy Policy
     * Affiliate Login
     * Press
     * FAQ
     * Knowledgebase
     * Blog

     * Facebook
     * Twitter

   2019 © Ezoic Inc. All rights reserved

   Copy link
   https://www.ezoic.co CopyCopied
    #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate Ezoic » Flux Ezoic
   » Flux des commentaires alternate alternate

   [tr?id=557706597717259&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   [pixel?tag=ViewContent&noscript=1]

   Ezoic

     * Joindre
     * Accueil
     * Applications
          + Détails concernant Ad Tester
          + Layout Tester
          + Content Tester
          + Header Bidding
          + Médiation publicitaire
          + Script Tester
          + Convertisseur Google AMP
          + Convertisseur PWA intelligent
          + Plateforme de gestion du consentement GDPR
          + Big Data Analytics
     * Information
          + Éditeurs
          + Opérations publicitaires
          + Gestionnaires des revenus
          + Plateforme de monétisation pour les blogueurs
          + Les tests de site Web améliorent les performances
          + Améliorer l’expérience utilisateur et augmenter les revenus du
            site Web
          + Optimisation des comptes Google AdSense
     * Apprendre
          + Annonces de publicité directe
          + Extension Google DFP (Ad Manager)
          + Indicateurs d’expérience utilisateur fausse vs authentique
          + Foire aux questions
          + Avis sur Ezoic
          + Tarifs
          + À propos de nous
     * Login
     * fr fr
          + en en
          + de de
          + es es
          + ja ja

   Sélectionner une page
   ____________________

Améliorer les expériences des visiteurs et les revenus du site Web

   Une plate-forme innovante pour les éditeurs intelligents
   En savoir plus

Intelligence du site Web pour les éditeurs numériques

   Équilibre zettant et améliorez les revenus, le contenu, les mises en
   page, la vitesse du site, le seo, et plus encore
   Créer un compte

Meilleures expériences, gains adplus plus élevés

   Ezoic est une plate-forme qui permet aux éditeurs numériques de
   rationaliser et d’automatiser l’optimisation de leurs annonces, mises
   en page, infrastructures, et plus encore. Les éditeurs utilisent Ezoic
   pour gérer les performances du site Web et tirer parti des possibilités
   d’accroître le trafic et les revenus.

   Ezoic permet aux éditeurs d’utiliser une véritable intelligence
   artificielle. Cela comprend la possibilité de recueillir des données
   importantes et d’automatiser les décisions qui améliorent les
   expériences des visiteurs, le SEO, la vitesse du site et les revenus du
   site.
   Créer un compte
   plateforme d'intelligence artificielle ezoic pour les éditeurs
   numériques
   [ja.png]
   plateforme publicitaire ezoic et système de monétisation pour les
   éditeurs
   [ja.png]
   plateforme publicitaire ezoic et système de monétisation pour les
   éditeurs
   [ja.png]
   plateforme publicitaire ezoic et système de monétisation pour les
   éditeurs
   [ja.png]
   plateforme publicitaire ezoic et système de monétisation pour les
   éditeurs
   [ja.png]

Caractéristiques de la plate-forme Ezoic populaires

   

Ad Tester

   Ad Tester permet aux sites Web d’effectuer des tests automatisés de
   placement d’annonces. Ezoic apprend comment les visiteurs réagissent à
   la densité des annonces, aux placements et aux différents réseaux.
   Ensuite, effectue automatiquement des ajustements pour maximiser les
   gains et équilibrer les expériences des visiteurs
   Infos sur Ad Tester
   

Layout Tester

   Le testeur de layout d’Ezoic permet aux éditeurs de tester plusieurs
   mises en page de sites Web (mobile, bureau ou tablette) puis d’ajuster
   automatiquement le site pour offrir à chaque visiteur la mise en page
   qui va équilibrer au mieux l’expérience utilisateur et les revenus.
   Infos sur Layout Tester
   

Header Bidding

   Ezoic simplifie la configuration d’une enchère d’enchères compétitives
   côté serveur pour votre inventaire d’annonces en direct sur votre site.
   Les partenaires d’appel d’offres existants peuvent concurrencer les
   partenaires d’Ezoic sur l’inventaire des annonces. Ezoic facilite la
   mise en place et la gestion des enchères d’en-tête.
   Infos sur le header bidding
   

Big Data Analytics

   Le Big Data Analytics d’Ezoic permet aux éditeurs de suivre
   l’engagement des visiteurs et le comportement authentique sur leurs
   propriétés numériques. Cela donne aux éditeurs l’accès aux données —
   indisponibles via Google Analytics — autour du POINTdER, des revenus
   d’annonces et plus encore.
   Infos sur Big Data Analytics
   

Convertisseur AMP

   Le convertisseur AMP d’Ezoic crée des versions AMP des pages de votre
   site sans la perte typique de fonctionnalité ou de potentiel de gain.
   Ezoic est un partenaire certifié de Google et inclut toutes les
   technologies de test multivariées existantes d’Ezoic à l’intérieur de
   l’AMP.
   Infos sur le convertisseur AMP
   

Outils de vitesse du site

   Ezoic aide à automatiser certaines des parties les plus difficiles de
   l’accélération d’un site Web. Ezoic fournit un CDN gratuit, une
   intelligence de mise en cache avancée et une application de vitesse du
   site conçue pour implémenter automatiquement les meilleures pratiques
   de Google sans aucune complication.
   Informations sur la vitesse du site

   En vedette sur …
   publication digiday media
   apprentissage machine pour les visiteurs d'un site Web
   actualités sur la monétisation d'un site Web
   édition numérique et publicité numérique
   publication de médias majeurs
   vitesse du site web
   annonces sur le site web
   édition numérique et publicité numérique

Ezoic est une plate-forme de bout en bout

   

Éditeurs et détenteurs de site

   Une plate-forme remplie d’outils pour vous aider à améliorer tout, du
   SEO aux revenus publicitaires.
   Davantage pour les éditeurs
   

Professionnels des opérations publicitaires

   Ezoic simplifie les tests et la segmentation des visiteurs afin que
   vous puissiez vous concentrer davantage sur les opérations.
   Davantage pour les opérations publicitaires
   

Gestionnaires des revenus

   Analyser les données sur l’impact des audiences, des sources de revenus
   et des changements sur le Web.
   Davantage pour les CRO

Visites plus longues, revenus plus élevés du site Web

   évaluation automatique de site web
   Afficher les études de cas

   Suivez et améliorez l’engagement authentique des visiteurs. Ezoic
   recueille des analyses avancées sur le comportement des visiteurs et
   permet aux éditeurs d’apporter des ajustements automatisés à leurs
   sites qui les aident à équilibrer les expériences des lecteurs et les
   revenus.

   Améliorer les performances. Utilisez les outils de plate-forme d’Ezoic
   pour augmenter la vitesse du site, améliorer la sécurité et tout
   tester, des placements publicitaires aux technologies mobiles, comme
   l’AMP.

   Choisi par les plus grands noms de l’édition. Ezoic est utilisé par
   tout le monde, des blogueurs populaires aux plus grandes marques de
   médias dans le monde.

Ezoic est une technologie facile à utiliser

   Ezoic est compatible avec tous les types de site Web, CMS, hôte,
   langage de programmation, et fournisseur de annonces. Les éditeurs
   peuvent commencer par utiliser Ezoic sur seulement un petit pourcentage
   de leur trafic pour prouver à quel point la technologie peut être
   efficace.
   Essayer Ezoic tout de suite

Un partenaire axé sur les données

   Ezoic est une plate-forme axée sur les données qui permet aux sites Web
   de toutes formes et tailles de bénéficier de la puissance du Big Data
   en toute transparence et contrôle.

   Utilisez l’application Big Data Analytics d’Ezoic pour augmenter votre
   trafic efficacement ou exécuter des tests automatisés avec Ad Tester
   qui sont pré-conçus par Ezoic pour aider à augmenter les revenus et
   améliorerles expériences utilisateur .
   Voir plus de détails
   Version entreprise
   plateforme d'intelligence artificielle ezoic pour les éditeurs
   numériques

Ezoic est sans risque

   Ezoic n’a pas besoin d’une carte de crédit ou d’un contrat pour
   démarrer. Les éditeurs peuvent également contrôler la quantité de leur
   trafic qu’ils envoient à Ezoic pour commencer. Nous nous associons à
   nos clients et voulons que chacun d’entre eux comprenne d’abord et
   avant tout la valeur que notre plate-forme offre.
   Créer un compte

Joignez-vous à un chef de file de l’industrie de confiance

   Ezoic (ee-zo-ic) est une plateforme primée par Google pour les
   éditeurs. Ezoic a été inspiré par l’idée que, avec la complexité
   croissante de l’écosystème numérique, de nombreux éditeurs ont du mal à
   prendre des décisions critiques. Avec autant de priorités et
   d’objectifs concurrents à équilibrer, les éditeurs avaient besoin d’un
   moyen objectif d’optimiser, de rationaliser et d’équilibrer tous les
   éléments qui font le succès des éditeurs numériques.

   Ezoic a été conçu avec une compréhension que la quantité de tests et
   d’apprentissage qui devraient être faites pour vraiment optimiser le
   plein potentiel d’un site Web était en dehors de la capacité d’un seul
   humain, ou même une équipe massive d’humains. C’est pourquoi nous avons
   construit une plate-forme qui tire parti de l’apprentissage automatique
   véritable pour aider nos utilisateurs de plate-forme à gérer et
   automatiser les tests et les ajustements nécessaires pour maximiser le
   véritable potentiel d’un site.

   Ezoic est aujourd’hui la première plate-forme mondiale d’intelligence
   artificielle pour les éditeurs avec des milliers de nouveaux clients
   qui rejoignent la plate-forme chaque année. Ezoic a son siège social
   dans le comté de North, San Diego CA, avec des bureaux à San Francisco,
   Londres, et Newcastle, Royaume-Uni Ezoic est la solution préférée de
   milliers de sites Web populaires et de grandes marques de médias qui
   envoient bien plus d’un demi-milliard de visiteurs par jour grâce à la
   technologie Ezoic.
   plateforme publicitaire d'apprentissage machine ezoic
   plateforme publicitaire d'apprentissage machine ezoic
   En savoir plus sur Ezoic

     * Nous contacter
     * Affiliate Login
     * Articles de presse
     * Foire aux questions
     * Knowledgebase
     * Blog

     * Facebook
     * Twitter

   2019 © Ezoic Inc. All rights reserved

   Copy link
   https://www.ezoic.co CopyCopied
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate Ezoic » Feed Ezoic »
   Kommentar-Feed alternate alternate

   [tr?id=557706597717259&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   [pixel?tag=ViewContent&noscript=1]

   Ezoic

     * Anmelden
     * Startseite
     * Anwendungen
          + Ad-Tester-Details
          + Layout Tester
          + Content Tester
          + Header Bidding
          + Ad Mediation
          + Script Tester
          + Google AMP Converter
          + Intelligenter PWA-Konverter
          + GDPR-Zustimmungsmanagementplattform
          + Big-Data-Analytik
     * Information
          + Publisher
          + Anzeigen-Profis
          + Revenue Manager
          + Monetarisierungs-Plattform für Blogger
          + Website-Tests verbessern die Leistung
          + Verbesserung der Benutzererfahrung & Erhöhung des
            Website-Umsatzes
          + Google AdSense-Kontooptimierung
     * Lernen
          + Direkt-Anzeigen
          + Google (Ad Manager) DFP-Erweiterung
          + Fake UX vs. Authentic UX Metriken
          + Häufig gestellte Fragen
          + Ezoic Reviews
          + Preisliste
          + Über uns
     * Login
     * de
          + en
          + fr
          + es
          + ja

   Seite auswählen
   ____________________

Verbesserung der Besuchererlebnisse &amp; Website-Einnahmen

   Eine innovative Plattform für intelligente Verlage
   Erfahren Sie mehr

Website Intelligence für digitale Verlage

   Balance & Verbesserung von Umsatz, Inhalt, Layouts,
   Website-Geschwindigkeit, SEO und mehr
   Konto erstellen

Bessere Erfahrungen, höhere Werbeeinnahmen

   Ezoic ist eine Plattform, die es digitalen Publishern ermöglicht, die
   Optimierung ihrer Anzeigen, Layouts, Infrastruktur und mehr zu
   optimieren und zu automatisieren. Publisher nutzen Ezoic, um die
   Website-Performance zu verwalten und Chancen zu nutzen, traffic und
   revenue zu steigern.

   Ezoic befähigt Verlage, echte künstliche Intelligenz zu nutzen. Dazu
   gehört die Möglichkeit, wichtige Daten zu sammeln und Entscheidungen zu
   automatisieren, die das Besuchererlebnis, SEO, Website-Geschwindigkeit
   und Website-Einnahmen verbessern.
   Konto erstellen
   Ezoic – Künstliche Intelligenz für digitale Publisher
   [oko-google-certified-publishing-partner.jpg]
   ezoic ad platform and publisher monetization system
   [cloudflare-partner-300x201.png]
   ezoic ad platform and publisher monetization system
   [TDePrq0o.png]
   ezoic ad platform and publisher monetization system
   [google-adsense-logo-998F25E5A6-seeklogo.com_.png]
   ezoic ad platform and publisher monetization system
   [oko-google-certified-publishing-partner.jpg]

Beliebte Funktionen der Ezoic-Plattform

   

Ad Tester

   Ad Tester ermöglicht Websites die Durchführung automatisierter
   Ad-Placement-Tests. Ezoic lernt, wie Besucher auf Anzeigendichte,
   Platzierungen und verschiedene Netzwerke reagieren. Nimmt dann
   automatisch Anpassungen vor, um das Ergebnis zu maximieren und das
   Besuchererlebnis auszugleichen.
   Informationen über Ad Tester
   

Layout Tester

   Der Layouttester von Ezoic ermöglicht es Publishern, mehrere
   Website-Layouts (Mobil, Desktop oder Tablet) zu testen, und passt dann
   automatisch die Website an, um jedem Besucher das Layout zu liefern,
   das die Benutzererfahrung und den Umsatz am besten ausbalanciert.
   Informationen über Layout Tester
   

Header Bidding

   Ezoic vereinfacht die Einrichtung einer serverseitigen
   Ausschreibungsauktion für Ihr Anzeigeninventar live auf Ihrer Website.
   Bestehende Bieterpartner können mit Ezoic-Partnern im Hinblick auf die
   Anzeigeninventare konkurrieren. Ezoic erleichtert das Einrichten und
   Verwalten von Header-Geboten.
   Informationen über Header Bidding
   

Big-Data-Analytik

   Mit Big Data Analytics von Ezoic können Publisher das
   Besucherengagement und authentisches Verhalten ihrer digitalen
   Eigenschaften nachverfolgen. Dies gibt Publishern Zugriff auf Daten –
   die über Google Analytics nicht verfügbar sind – rund um SEO,
   Anzeigeneinnahmen und mehr.
   Informationen über Big-Data-Analytik
   

AMP Converter

   Der AMP-Konverter von Ezoic erstellt AMP-Versionen der Seiten Ihrer
   Website ohne den typischen Verlust an Funktionalität oder
   Ertragspotenzial. Ezoic ist ein zertifizierter Google-Partner und
   umfasst die gesamte bestehende multivariate Testtechnologie von Ezoic
   innerhalb von AMP.
   Informationen über AMP Converter
   

Site-Geschwindigkeitstools

   Ezoic hilft, einige der schwierigsten Teile der Beschleunigung einer
   Website zu automatisieren. Ezoic bietet ein kostenloses CDN, erweiterte
   Caching-Intelligenz und eine App zur Site-Geschwindigkeit, mit der Die
   Best Practices von Google ohne Komplikationen automatisch implementiert
   werden können.
   Site-Geschwindigkeitsinformationen

   Vorgestellt am…
   Digiday Media Publishing
   Maschinelles Lernen für Website-Besucher
   Website Monetisierungs-Nachrichten
   Media Publishing und digitale Anzeigen
   Große Medienveröffentlichung
   Geschwindigkeit der Website-Website
   Website-Anzeigen
   Media Publishing und digitale Anzeigen

Ezoic ist eine End-to-End-Plattform

   

Publisher und Website-Eigentümer

   Eine Plattform mit Tools, die Ihnen helfen, alles von SEO bis hin zu
   Werbeeinnahmen zu verbessern.
   Mehr für Publisher
   

Anzeigen-Profis

   Ezoic optimiert Tests und Besuchersegmentierung, sodass Sie sich mehr
   auf Ops konzentrieren können.
   Mehr für Anzeigen-Profis
   

Revenue Manager

   Analysieren Sie Daten darüber, wie sich Zielgruppen, Umsatzquellen und
   Webänderungen gegenseitig beeinflussen.
   Mehr für CROs

Längere Besuche, höhere Website-Einnahmen

   automated website testing
   Fallstudien anzeigen

   Verfolgen und verbessern Sie authentisches Besucherengagement. Ezoic
   sammelt erweiterte Analysen zum Besucherverhalten und ermöglicht
   Publishern automatisierte Anpassungen an ihren Websites, die ihnen
   helfen, Lesererlebnisse und Umsätze in Einklang zu bringen.

   Verbessern Sie die Leistung. Verwenden Sie die Plattformtools von
   Ezoic, um die Website-Geschwindigkeit zu erhöhen, die Sicherheit zu
   verbessern und alles zu testen, von Anzeigenplatzierungen bis hin zu
   mobilen Technologien wie AMP.

   Ausgewählt von den Top-Namen in der Veröffentlichung. Ezoic wird von
   allen verwendet, von beliebten Bloggern bis hin zu den größten
   Medienmarken der Welt.

Ezoic ist eine einfach zu bedienende Technologie

   Ezoic ist mit jeder Art von Website, CMS, Host, Programmiersprache und
   Anzeigenanbieter kompatibel. Verlage können zunächst nur für einen
   kleinen Prozentsatz ihres Datenverkehrs Ezoic verwenden, um zu
   beweisen, wie effektiv die Technologie sein kann.
   Probieren Sie Ezoic jetzt aus

Ein datengesteuerter Partner

   Ezoic ist eine datengesteuerte Plattform, die es Websites jeder Form
   und Größe ermöglicht, von der Leistungsfähigkeit von Big Data mit
   vollständiger Transparenz und Kontrolle zu profitieren.

   Verwenden Sie die Big Data Analytics-Anwendung von Ezoic, um Ihren
   Datenverkehr effizient zu steigern, oder führen Sie automatisierte
   Tests mit Ad Tester durch, die von Ezoic vorentwickelt wurden, um den
   Umsatz zu steigern und die Benutzererfahrungzu verbessern.
   Weitere Details
   Enterprise Edition
   Ezoic – Künstliche Intelligenz für digitale Publisher

Ezoic ist risikofrei

   Ezoic benötigt keine Kreditkarte oder keinen Vertrag, um loszulegen.
   Publisher können auch steuern, wie viel von ihrem Datenverkehr sie an
   Ezoic senden. Wir arbeiten mit unseren Kunden zusammen und möchten,
   dass jeder einzelne von ihnen den Wert versteht, den unsere Plattform
   in erster Linie bietet.
   Erstellen Sie ein Konto

Werden Sie Mitglied einer vertrauenswürdigen Branchenführerin

   Ezoic (ee-zo-ic) ist eine preisgekrönte Google-Plattform für Verlage.
   Ezoic wurde von der Idee inspiriert, dass viele Verlage mit der
   wachsenden Komplexität des digitalen Ökosystems Schwierigkeiten hatten,
   kritische Entscheidungen zu treffen. Angesichts der vielen
   konkurrierenden Prioritäten und Ziele, die ausgewogen sind, benötigten
   Verlage einen objektiven Weg, um alle Elemente zu optimieren, zu
   rationalisieren und auszugleichen, die digitale Publisher erfolgreich
   machen.

   Ezoic wurde mit dem Verständnis entwickelt, dass die Menge an Tests und
   Lernen, die getan werden müssten, um das volle Potenzial einer Website
   wirklich zu optimieren, außerhalb der Fähigkeit eines einzelnen
   Menschen oder sogar eines massiven Teams von Menschen lag. Aus diesem
   Grund haben wir eine Plattform entwickelt, die echtes maschinelles
   Lernen nutzt, um unseren Plattformbenutzern zu helfen, die Tests und
   Anpassungen zu verwalten und zu automatisieren, die erforderlich sind,
   um das wahre Potenzial einer Website zu maximieren.

   Ezoic ist heute die weltweit führende Plattform für künstliche
   Intelligenz für Verlage mit Tausenden von neuen Kunden, die sich der
   Plattform jedes Jahr anschließen. Ezoic hat seinen Hauptsitz in North
   County, San Diego CA, mit Büros in San Francisco, London, und
   Newcastle, Großbritannien Ezoic ist die bevorzugte Lösung von Tausenden
   von beliebten Websites und großen Medienmarken, die weit über eine
   halbe Milliarde Besucher pro Tag senden durch die Ezoic-Technologie.
   Ezoic – Anzeigen-Plattform mit maschinellem Lernen
   Ezoic – Anzeigen-Plattform mit maschinellem Lernen
   Mehr über Ezoic

     * Kontaktieren Sie uns
     * Affiliate Login
     * Presse
     * Häufig gestellte Fragen
     * Knowledgebase
     * Blog

     * Facebook
     * Twitter

   2019 © Ezoic Inc. All rights reserved

   Copy link
   https://www.ezoic.co CopyCopied
    #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate Ezoic » フィード Ezoic
   » コメントフィード alternate alternate

   [tr?id=557706597717259&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   [pixel?tag=ViewContent&noscript=1]

   Ezoic

     * Get Started
     * ホーム
     * Features
          + 広告テスターの詳細
          + レイアウトテスター
          + ヘッダー入札
          + 広告仲介
          + グーグルAMPコンバータ
          + インテリジェントPWAコンバータ
          + GDPR 同意管理プラットフォーム
          + ダイレクト広告
          + グーグル(アドマネージャー)DFP拡張機能
          + ビッグデータ分析
     * Built For
          + 出版 社
          + アドオプス
          + 収益マネージャー
          + ブロガーのためのブログ収益化プラットフォーム
          + Web サイトのテストによりパフォーマンスが向上
          + ユーザー エクスペリエンスの向上と Web サイトの収益の向上
          + Google アドセンス アカウントの最適化
     * ja ja
          + en en
          + fr fr
          + de de
          + es es

   ページを選択
   ____________________

訪問者のエクスペリエンスとウェブサイトの収益の向上

   インテリジェントパブリッシャー向けの革新的なプラットフォーム
   詳細情報

デジタルパブリッシャー向けウェブサイトインテリジェンス

   収益、コンテンツ、レイアウト、サイト速度、SEOなどとのバランスと改善
   アカウントの作成

より良いエクスペリエンス、より高い広告収益

   Ezoic は、デジタルパブリッシャーが広告、レイアウト、インフラストラクチャの最適化を合理化および自動化できるプラットフォームです。
   パブリッシャーは、Ezoic を使用して Web サイトのパフォーマンスを管理し、トラフィックと収益を拡大する機会を活用しています。

   Ezoicは、本物の人工知能を使用して出版社に力を与えます。
   これには、重要なデータを収集し、訪問者のエクスペリエンス、SEO、サイトの速度、およびウェブサイトの収益を向上させる意思決定を自動化する機能が
   含まれます。
   アカウントの作成
   デジタルパブリッシャー向けのエゾイック人工知能プラットフォーム
   [es.png]
   エゾイック広告プラットフォームとパブリッシャー収益化システム
   [es.png]
   エゾイック広告プラットフォームとパブリッシャー収益化システム
   [es.png]
   エゾイック広告プラットフォームとパブリッシャー収益化システム
   [es.png]
   エゾイック広告プラットフォームとパブリッシャー収益化システム
   [es.png]

人気のエゾイックプラットフォームの機能

   

広告テスター

   広告テスターを使用すると、ウェブサイトで自動広告配置テストを実行できます。 Ezoic
   は、訪問者が広告密度、プレースメント、およびさまざまなネットワークにどのように反応するかを学習します。
   その後、自動的に収益を最大化し、訪問者の経験のバランスをとるために調整を行います
   広告テスター情報
   

レイアウトテスター

   Ezoicのレイアウトテスターを使用すると、パブリッシャーは複数のウェブサイトレイアウト(モバイル、デスクトップ、タブレット)を自動的にテスト
   し、サイトを自動的に調整して、ユーザーエクスペリエンスと収益のバランスを最も高めるレイアウトを各訪問者に提供します。
   レイアウト テスター情報
   

ヘッダー入札

   Ezoic は、サイト上でライブ広告インベントリのサーバー側の競争入札オークションの設定を簡素化します。
   既存の入札パートナーは、広告インベントリをめぐって Ezoic パートナーと競合できます。 Ezoic
   はヘッダー入札の設定と管理を容易にします。
   ヘッダー入札情報
   

ビッグデータ分析

   Ezoicのビッグデータ分析により、パブリッシャーはデジタルプロパティで訪問者のエンゲージメントと本物の行動を追跡できます。
   これにより、Google アナリティクスでは利用できないデータに、SEO、広告収入など、パブリッシャーが利用できないデータにアクセスできます。
   ビッグデータ分析情報
   

AMP コンバータ

   EzoicのAMPコンバータは、機能や収益の可能性の典型的な損失なしに、あなたのサイトのページのAMPバージョンを作成します。
   Ezoicは認定されたGoogleパートナーであり、AMP内のEzoicの既存の多変量テスト技術のすべてが含まれています。
   AMP コンバータ情報
   

サイトの速度ツール

   Ezoic は、Web サイトのスピードアップの最も困難な部分の一部を自動化するのに役立ちます。
   Ezoicは、無料のCDN、高度なキャッシュインテリジェンス、およびGoogleのベストプラクティスを複雑にすることなく自動的に実装するように
   設計されたサイト速度アプリを提供します。
   サイトの速度情報

   特集…
   デジデイメディア出版
   ウェブサイト訪問者のための機械学習
   ウェブサイトの収益化ニュース
   メディア出版とデジタル広告
   主要メディア出版
   ウェブサイトのサイト速度
   ウェブサイト広告
   メディア出版とデジタル広告

エゾイックはエンドツーエンドのプラットフォーム

   

パブリッシャーとサイト所有者

   SEOから広告収入まで、あらゆるものを改善するためのツールが充実したプラットフォームです。
   パブリッシャー向けの詳細
   

広告運用の専門家

   Ezoic はテストと訪問者のセグメンテーションを合理化し、オプスに集中できるようにします。
   広告オプスの詳細
   

収益マネージャー

   オーディエンス、収益源、Web の変更が互いにどのような影響を与えるかに関するデータを分析します。
   CRO の詳細

長い訪問、より高いウェブサイトの収益

   自動 Web サイトテスト
   ケーススタディの表示

   本物の訪問者エンゲージメントを追跡し、改善します。 Ezoic
   は、訪問者の行動に関する高度な分析を収集し、パブリッシャーがサイトを自動的に調整し、読者のエクスペリエンスと収益のバランスを取るのに役立ちます
   。

   パフォーマンスを向上させます。
   Ezoicのプラットフォームツールを使用して、サイトの速度を上げ、セキュリティを向上させ、AMPなどの広告配置からモバイルテクノロジーまで、あ
   らゆるものをテストします。

   パブリッシングの上位名によって選択されます。 Ezoicは、人気ブロガーから世界最大のメディアブランドまで、誰もが使用しています。

エゾイックは使いやすい技術です

   Ezoicは、ウェブサイト、CMS、ホスト、プログラミング言語、広告プロバイダのすべてのタイプと互換性があります。
   パブリッシャーは、トラフィックのほんの一部で Ezoic を使用して、テクノロジの有効性を証明することで開始できます。
   今すぐエゾイックを試してみてください

データドリブンパートナー

   Ezoicは、あらゆる形状とサイズのウェブサイトが完全な透明性と制御性を備えたビッグデータの力から恩恵を受けることを可能にするデータ駆動型プラ
   ットフォームです。

   Ezoic のビッグ データ分析アプリケーションを使用してトラフィックを効率的に拡大したり、Ezoic
   によって事前に設計された広告テスターを使用して自動テストを実行して、収益の向上とユーザー エクスペリエンスの向上を支援します。
   詳細を見る
   エンタープライズエディション
   デジタルパブリッシャー向けのエゾイック人工知能プラットフォーム

エゾイックはリスクフリーです

   Ezoic は、開始するためにクレジットカードや契約を必要としません。 パブリッシャーは、最初に Ezoic
   に送信するトラフィックの量を制御することもできます。
   私たちはお客様と提携し、当社のプラットフォームが最初に提供する価値を理解してほしいと考えています。
   アカウントの作成

信頼できる業界リーダーに参加する

   エゾイック(ee-zo-ic)は、出版社のためのGoogleの賞を受賞したプラットフォームです。 Ezoic は、デジタル
   エコシステムの複雑化に伴い、多くの出版社が重要な意思決定に苦労しているという考えに触発されました。
   多くの競合する優先事項と目標のバランスを取るために、パブリッシャーは、デジタルパブリッシャーを成功にさせるすべての要素を最適化、合理化、バラン
   スを取る客観的な方法を必要としていました。

   Ezoicは、ウェブサイトの可能性を最大限に引き出すために必要なテストと学習の量は、単一の人間、あるいは大規模な人間のチームの能力の外にあるこ
   とを理解して設計されました。
   そのため、真の機械学習を活用して、プラットフォームユーザーがサイトの真の可能性を最大限に引き出すために必要なテストと調整を管理および自動化でき
   るように、プラットフォームを構築しました。

   Ezoicは現在、毎年何千人もの新しい顧客がプラットフォームに参加している出版社のための世界有数の人工知能プラットフォームです。
   Ezoicは、サンフランシスコ、ロンドン、ニューカッスルにオフィスを持つノースカウンティ、サンディエゴCAに本社を置き、英国のEzoicは、1
   日あたりの半分以上の10億人以上の訪問者を送る人気のあるウェブサイトや大手メディアブランドの何千もの好ましいソリューションです。エゾイック技術
   を通じて。
   エゾイック機械学習広告プラットフォーム
   エゾイック機械学習広告プラットフォーム
   エゾイックについて

     * お 問い合わせ
     * Sitemap
     * Affiliate Login
     * よく寄せられる質問
     * Knowledgebase
     * Blog

     * Facebook
     * Twitter

   2019 © Ezoic Inc. All rights reserved

   Copy link
   https://www.ezoic.co CopyCopied
