   #The Druid's Garden WordPress.com


     * About the Druid
     * Druidry
     * Gardening & Permaculture
     * Sustainable Druidry
     * Trees and Plants


The Druid's Garden

Spiritual Journeys in Tending the Land, Permaculture, Wildcrafting, and
Regenerative Living

Ancient Order of Druids in America September 29, 2019

   Filed under: aoda,Community,Definitions,Druid,Growth,Knowledge,Living
   in Harmony,Respecting Earth,Wildcrafting — Dana @ 8:30 am
   Tags: ancient order of druids in america, aoda, diversity, flexibility,
   grand archdruid, nature, nature connection, nature is good, nature
   reciprocity, path to druidry, reverence, sacred nature, tradition

   Dear readers, I’m taking a pause from my regular article-style blog
   posts this week to share some big news and do a bit of reflection. Last
   week, as of the Fall Equinox, I became the Grand Archdruid of the
   Ancient Order of Druids in America (AODA). I’ve been in leadership and
   service with the AODA since 2013, serving first as Trilithon journal
   editor for four years, then as Grand Pendragon, then as the Archdruid
   of Water for the last four years. And now, I’ve stepped up to lead the
   AODA, following Gordon Cooper, and before him, my friend and mentor,
   John Michael Greer. Because of this, I wanted to take a week to share
   my story of AODA and reflect on this path. I do this for a few
   reasons–first, I wanted to share the news. But also, I realize that a
   lot of people may find this reflection useful in deepening their own
   practices–learning about others’ paths helps us see possibilities for
   our own. Additionally, a lot of what I talk about on this blog is
   rooted in some way to frameworks from the AODA. A lot of my thinking
   about nature spirituality, druidry, and permaculture have an underlying
   foundation of AODA work. Thus, in this post, I am going to do two
   things.  First, I’m going to share my story about AODA and how I got to
   where I am today.  Second, I’m going to share what I consider to be the
   strengths of AODA practice, the highlights, the things that make AODA
   an amazing druid order.


The Road to a Spiritual Home: My Path into AODA

   Druidry and the trilithon

   Druidry and the trilithon

   I’ll start by sharing some reflections about my own journey into AODA.
   After leaving home at 18 to go to college, I released the last hold of
   my parents’ religion. I called myself a secular humanist and an
   agnostic and went blissfully along my way. And while that path was
   useful to me for a time, after watching my closest friend battle with,
   and die of brain cancer in my early 20’s, I realized I needed something
   more. I had experienced his spirit after death, I had a deep knowing of
   his passing long before the formal news came my way, and with that
   experience, I knew I could be agnostic no longer. So in April of 2006,
   I began working through my grief and also finding a spiritual path that
   I could call home. The only spiritual experiences I had were with
   nature, so I started with that–I needed a path rooted in nature. I
   found druidry sometime in the fall of 2006, and after researching
   numerous druid orders, I found two I really liked (consequently, the
   two I belong to and work with today- AODA and OBOD). I decided to join
   AODA and did so in early 2007.


   My first few years were spent learning and growing and asking so many
   questions. As a teaching order, AODA is dedicated to giving people a
   set of tools and practices to help them develop and deepen their own
   nature spirituality, rather than offer dogmatic belief or sets of
   rules. This self-directed path was useful, both because fundamentalism
   of any kind was not welcome in my life, but also because self-direction
   allows for ownership and mastery in the deepest way possible.  You
   learn by doing, by practicing, and sometimes, by making mistakes. I
   also think that part of why I took to AODA’s practices so quickly is
   that it didn’t require me to believe anything, particularly surrounding
   deity, a concept with which I was wrestling after coming out of my
   birth religion. Instead, I was given a set of working tools, rituals,
   and experiences that helped me shape my own druidry, deepen my
   connection to myself and my creative gifts, connect deeply with the
   living earth on multiple levels, and learn to be fully present and
   alive in this world.  I learned about the power of meditation, spending
   time in nature, making lifestyle changes to reduce my ecological
   footprint, and more.  I opened up myself to the bardic arts, the living
   earth, and the world of spirit (you can see AODA’s full curriculum here
   for more info). My developing nature spirituality, on both inner and
   outer levels, unfolded over a period of years.  Several years into my
   path, as I was finishing up my AODA 2nd degree, I also joined OBOD and
   found those practices to be wonderfully complimentary, particularly as
   OBOD’s course offers a lot of deep psychological work.


   Permaculture Triad for Druidry

   Permaculture Triad for Druidry

   As time went on, I continued to grow with my AODA practices, eventually
   moving into the AODA’s self-designed 3rd degree.  This is a three-year
   project that you undertake to enhance your spiritual practices in some
   way–it is entirely self-designed and self-directed. For my project,  I
   took up the practice of permaculture and applied it to druidry (and as
   some of you may know, I have my first book coming out sometime next
   year–and that book is on the synthesis of permaculture and sustainable
   living practices and earth-centered spirituality!). This blog was also
   born from that project–I started this blog in 2013 as a way to document
   my experiences in the third degree in learning about the synthesis of
   permaculture, sustainable living, and druid practice. Obviously, I
   decided to keep it going long after as writing this blog became one of
   my primary expressions of my bardic arts!


What are AODA’s strengths?  What does AODA do well?

   Now that you know a bit about my own experiences with AODA, I wanted to
   share some of what I think makes AODA unique and special. I draw this
   list from several places.  First, obviously, my own experience having
   gone through the curriculum. But also, for the last four years, I have
   read most of the degree reflections from AODA; these are what people
   write at the end of competing for one or more of their degrees. You can
   get a deep sense from these as to what people are really taking away
   from these practices.


Nature Reverence

   One of the most central and abiding aspects of AODA practice is the way
   in which nature is central to everything we do. This isn’t just a
   respect for or use of nature as part of a spiritual practice, but
   rather, seeing the natural world immediately surrounding you at the
   core of your spiritual practice. AODA druidry has several key features
   that help members root themselves deeply within their own bioregions
   and practices.


   Roots of the Beech at the Winter Solstice

   Deep roots

Nature Connection: Wildcrafting your druidry.

   The first is a concept of wildcrafting your own druidry, first
   described by Gordon Cooper years before he became Grand Archdruid. This
   manifests as a deep commitment to developing locally-based druids that
   focus on a deep understanding of your local ecology, local seasonal
   wheel of the year, and so on.  I wrote a number of articles on this
   blog about ecoregional druids in this same theme: you can see them
   here, here, and here. What you see with AODA druids is rather than
   “boilerplate” seasonal wheels of the year based on far off locations,
   you see all kinds of different druids based on location


Nature connection : Reciprocation and regeneration.

   The second is understanding and set of practices that forefront
   reciprocation ass critical part of a spiritual path. For the last few
   centuries, humans have felt that they can simply take from nature with
   reckless abandon. In fact, we cannot, and the true cost of our actions
   are coming due. In AODA practice, we recognize that saying you revere
   nature is not enough–but rather, it must be accompanied by practices
   that engage, in permaculture terms, care for the living earth and fair
   share, taking only what we need. These practices also focus on
   regenerating nature. When they take up AODA druidry, all of our members
   engage in lifestyle changes and tree planting to help “give back.”
   Many AODA members go well beyond the required work and truely embrace
   nature reciprocation as a core part of life, practicing permaculture or
   other regenerative practices. AODA druidry, then, is the deep green
   kind of druidry–the druidry that helps protect and heal our landscapes.


Nature connection: Nature knowledge.

   The third aspect of nature connection central to AODA is a commitment
   to growing ecological knowledge about the world around you. Most people
   in the modern world know virtually nothing about nature, and we make it
   a point in AODA to change that–to have people know about nature in
   their local area.  Thus, all AODA members focus on learning more about
   their local ecosystems, through several different practices.  Regular
   time spent in nature, including in focus and observation, helps us gain
   direct experiences that allow us deeper connection.  We also read
   books, take classes, and learn about different parts of the ecology,
   geology, hydrology, and so forth with our ecosystems.  This is a
   powerful practice–by learning about nature, we grow more connected with
   nature.


Adaptable and Effective Rituals and Frameworks.

   AODA works with a seven elemental system, including the four classical
   elements (earth, air, fire, and water) and three aspects of spirit
   (above, below, and within).  The three aspects of spirit are tied to
   the telluric current (earth energy, spirit below), the solar current
   (solar energy, spirit above) and the lunar current (nywfre, the spark
   of life, the spirit within).  We offer members a core daily practice,
   the Sphere of Protection (SOP), as a protective/balancing ritual that
   offers lasting benefit.  I have been working with the SOP and this
   elemental system for a long time, and it has been extraordinarily
   adaptable and useful in a wide variety of circumstances.  One ritual,
   the SOP, literally can do anything from setting me up for my day to
   help me send healing energy to a friend to doing massive land healing
   and blessing.  John Michael Greer once explained it to me as a “swiss
   army knife” and this is an apt metaphor.
   The AODA's Sphere of Protection in a Tree

   The AODA’s Sphere of Protection in a Tree

   One of the other great things about the SOP, which is partially covered
   by my next two bullet points, is that the SOP is also infinitely
   adaptable to one’s local ecology, local beliefs, and individual
   practices. There are versions of the SOP floating out there using
   swords, oracle cards (my last week’s post), various different
   ecologies, and much more.  Each person has the opportunity to create
   their own take on this ritual, thus, making it even more meaningful and
   personal.


Creating Room for Individual Paths and Honoring Diversity.

   As my story above explored, one of the other strengths of the AODA path
   is the way in which it appeals to people of many different walks of
   life and belief systems.  AODA is a path of nature spirituality,
   compatible with many other belief systems. It is non-dogmatic, and
   instead, offers you a set of tools to help you discover and develop
   your own spiritual practice. Within AODA, we have people who practice
   an incredibly diverse range of druids: polytheistic pagans, animists,
   Christians, atheists, Buddhists, and more. I love the fact that you can
   have a practice rooted in nature spirituality and keep your existing
   beliefs–or explore them in a new context. This allows AODA to appeal to
   a wide range of people from different walks of life. I think this is
   really important today, given some of the social and political
   challenges we face at present and the rise of extremists and hate
   groups.  Let’s let peace prevail in the quarters, and certainly, within
   our order.


Flexibility and Self Direction

   AODA’s core curriculum focuses on individual choice, individual path,
   and following the flow of Awen.  In addition to offering individuals a
   set of core tools (meditation, nature observation, celebrating the
   seasons, the SOP), it also offers a lot of flexibility in choosing
   one’s path.  Members can choose to pursue any number of bardic, ovate,
   or druid practices while working through the curriculum.  Members also
   develop plans of study that are focused on their lifestyles and local
   ecosystems.  No two druids end up doing the exact same thing as part of
   their path into AODA.


   Sacred rays of the sun

   Sacred rays of the sun

Traditions and History

   AODA is the oldest druid order in the US.  Established in the US in
   1912, the AODA is currently 106 years old.  During that long history,
   it had several twists and turns, the most recent being that John
   Michael Greer resurrected the AODA in 2003 when it was down to less
   than a dozen elderly members.  Now, the AODA is thriving with 1200
   members, mostly located in the USA. The SOP, the oldest of our
   practices, dates to sometime in the 1960s, also likely adapted from
   older practices.  This is a tradition with staying power, and that
   matters.


Conclusion

   When looking back on my own life, I have no idea what it might have
   been without the AODA.  Most of the core parts of my spiritual
   practice, and my life today, is directly resulting from the core
   practices that I’ve been doing for over a decade.  AODA practices
   allowed me to return to my bardic arts (now an indispensable part of my
   life), those practices led me to study and practice permaculture,
   herbalism, homesteading, radically change my life, and taught me so
   much about nature (so much, that now I can teach others and do so
   through regular plant walks and herbal education).  I’m grateful to be
   taking this next step with AODA, and I hope some of you will join me on
   that journey!

   Comments (27)

Using an Oracle or Tarot Deck to Establish Sacred Space September 22, 2019

   Filed under: Artwork,Bardic Arts,Creative
   Pursuits,Cycles,Druid,Elements,Herbalism,Magic,Medicinal plants,Primer
   on Druidry,Rituals,Spirit,Tools — Dana @ 8:30 am
   Tags: burdock, calamus, cards, catnip, closing sacred space, comfrey,
   divination, oak, opening sacred space, oracle, oracle deck, plant
   spirit oracle, sacred space, spruce, sweet flag

   Plant Spirit Oracle

   As some of you may know from my posts on Facebook and Instagram, in
   early 2020, I’ll be releasing the Plant Spirit Oracle as my second
   self-published divination deck (if you want to support the project, see
   link in the right sidebar with the Oak image). I described the Plant
   Spirit Oracle project a bit in an earlier post. For today’s post, I
   wanted to share a ritual space strategy that I developed as part of the
   PSO project–how to use a tarot or oracle deck to establish a sacred
   space.


   The idea in a nutshell is that rather than calling in th elements or
   powers in a more static way, you can use an oracle deck to draw upon
   them in a more dynamic way. Thus, each time you create sacred space,
   you will be asking the cards to help you select the right energies for
   the space.  I’ve been using this in my own practices for about a year
   and it works beautifully. While the Plant Spirit Oracle is used and
   mentioned below, you can adapt this to be used with any oracle or tarot
   deck that you enjoy using–I have instructions at the end for how to do
   so.  Most sacred space openings use one set of energy (e.g. calling
   air, fire, water, earth, and spirit) and the energy is always the same
   for any sacred space. This approach allows for the divine/spirit/nature
   (through the use of the divination deck) to call forth specific
   energies for a specific need–thus, spirit helps you create the specific
   sacred space you need. Thus, each sacred space you create using this
   method is different and unique to your specific circumstances.


   Tje following segment on how to use the approach is adapted from the
   fourth chapter of the Plant Spirit Oracle book. While the first three
   chapters of the book focus on how to use the PSO as a divination tool,
   the last two chapters offer deeper work.  The fourth chapter focuses on
   the ritual, magical, and spirit journeying approaches to working with
   plants in the PSO.  The 5th chapter focuses on herbalism
   practices–thus, working deeply with the sacred plants both on the outer
   and inner planes.  And without further delay, here is how to establish
   sacred space with an oracle deck!


Excerpt from the Plant Spirit Oracle Book: Establishing Sacred Space with the
Plant Spirit Oracle

   To do many of the deeper activities with the PSO as described in this
   chapter, you will want to establish a sacred space in which to work.
   You may even find it useful to establish a sacred space when using this
   oracle for meditation or divination purposes. Creating a sacred space
   can help you get into a more receptive mindset and clear away (and keep
   away) negative energies that may interfere in your work.  It also helps
   you create a mental shift, shifting you from “everyday time” to “sacred
   time.”


   Preliminaries: Setting up a physical space is an important part of
   establishing sacred space. If you are indoors, you might set up a small
   altar with candles, incense, herbs, and so on. This is also a place to
   put your PSO deck for use during the ceremony. If you are outdoors,
   find a quiet space you are drawn to, and, if you feel led, make a small
   natural altar from stones, sticks, flowers, and such. Lay out a cloth
   and your PSO deck in the center of the space.


   The Great Soil Web of Life

Opening a Sacred Space


   Step 1: Clear yourself and the space. Begin by using a technique to
   clear yourself and the area around you. For example, you can use a
   smoke cleansing (smudge) stick of dried herbs. Clear yourself and
   smudge the space. If you don’t have a smoke clearing stick, you can
   burn some kitchen herbs (Sage or Rosemary) on a piece of charcoal.
   Alternatively, make a strong tea of herbs (Sage, Rosemary) and then
   asperge yourself and the area by flicking drops of the tea around with
   a branch or your fingers. If you are outside, you can use a branch with
   leaves or pine needles to asperge the space. You can also use music,
   like ringing a bell, sounding a drum, or using a singing bowl.


   Step 2: Declare your intent for the ceremony. Indicate to the spirits
   why you are establishing this sacred space. Are you working with the
   oracle for divination? Finding your plant spirit ally? Journeying? Let
   the spirits know. Here is an example: “Sacred plant spirits, I call to
   you to assist me in doing a plant spirit journey to learn deeper wisdom
   from the Reishi.”


   Step 3: Shuffle your PSO deck. As you shuffle, keep your sacred intent
   for the ceremony in mind.


   Step 4: Call forth four plant spirit allies. Now walk to the east with
   the oracle cards in hand. Hold the deck up to the east and say,
   “Spirits of the East! Powers of the Air! I call to you to reveal my
   eastern guardian.” Draw a card from the PSO and speak the plant’s name.
   Then say, “I thank you [plant] for your protection and wisdom this
   day.” Set the card down in the east as you move to the south.


   In the south, repeat the above: “Spirits of the South! Powers of Fire!
   . . .”


   Move to the west and repeat the above: “Spirits of the West! Powers of
   Water! . . .”


   Move to the north and repeat the above: “Spirits of the North! Powers
   of the Earth! . . .”


   Move to the center of your space put your deck on the ground. Say,
   “Spirits of the land beneath me, spirits of the interconnected web of
   all life, I call to you to reveal my guardian spirit below. . . .”


   Stay in the center and raise your deck to the sky above you. Say,
   “Spirits of the skies above, the celestial turning wheel of the stars.
   I call to you to reveal my guardian spirit above. . . .”


   Hold the deck to your chest and say, “Spirits of the spark of life, of
   the hope of regeneration. I call to you to reveal my guardian spirit
   within. . . .”


   As you do all of this, you are physically creating a circle of cards
   around you (leave them for the duration of the ceremony if you feel so
   moved).


   Step 5: Envision a circle of plant protection. Stand in the middle of
   your space and visualize the energies from the seven cards creating a
   powerful protective sphere of plant matter around your space. When you
   have this firmly visualized, say, “I thank the powers of nature and the
   plant spirits for their protection and healing.” Gather up your cards
   (or leave them in place, if you are not doing divination or do not need
   the full deck). The sacred space is now open.

Closing a Sacred Space

   Once you have completed whatever work you want to do with the PSO, you
   should close out your sacred space. Closing out the space helps you
   return to normal space.


   Step 1: Make an offering. Make an offering to the plant spirits who
   have helped you hold your space.  If you do not have a physical
   offering, you can offer these words or your own:


   “By bramble and by seed; by star and by thorn; by root and by bud, I
   honor you, great spirits of nature. Earth mother, plant spirits, thank
   you for your wisdom and guidance.”


   Step 2: Thank the four directions and plant spirits. Now, move to the
   north and thank the plant spirit who protected the space, saying,
   “Spirits of the North, powers of Earth, and [plant spirit], thank you
   for your wisdom and protection this day.” Move to the west, south, and
   east, and repeat, phrasing appropriately.


   Step 3. Return energy of the plant protection circle to the earth.
   Return to the center of your space and once again focus on the energy
   of the plant protection circle that you created. Envision any remaining
   energy moving out of the sphere and into the earth, for her healing and
   blessing.


   Step 4: Close your space. Cross your arms and bow your head, saying, “I
   thank the plant spirits for their wisdom and blessings.”



Example Sacred Space Opening

   Let’s say that you want to do a harvest ritual at the fall equinox to
   honor the many gifts you have been given, make offerings to spirit, and
   focus on the quiet of the winter that is to come.  You decide to open
   up your space using the PSO (or other divination deck). Before
   beginning your ritual, you clear your mind and focus on the intent.
   Then, you do the opening ritual as above and you get the following
   cards at each of the seven directions:


   There is a clear energy being brought into this space from drawing
   these particular cards. In the East, we have Spruce, which focuses on
   openness, journeys, and travel. In the south, we have Catnip, which
   focuses on opposites, contrasts, or separation. This energy may be
   helping us overcome those things (depending on the working), or
   bringing in that energy.  In the west, we have Burdock, which is all
   about recovery, rest, and fallow periods. In the north is Comfrey,
   which is about resources, wealth, and personal action. The three center
   cards are Above/Oak: masculinity, strength, and wisdom; Below/Sweet
   flag: clarity, concentration, and insight; and bringing it all together
   is Within/Apple: abundance, comfort, and harvest. These energies, in
   their different positions, would lend you their strength–bringing in
   the openness, wisdom, and separation from the “always-on” mentality to
   allow you to rest; enjoying the resources that you were given; enjoying
   the abundance of the season. These cards would not only offer you a
   ritual space but some commentary on the nature of the ritual work you
   might want to do. They offer you a message on what to focus on as you
   proceed with your ritual.

Adapting this Practice for Other Oracle/Divination Decks

   You can use this same sacred space opening and close with any other
   oracle deck.  With that said, I suggest you choose carefully.  An
   oracle deck with weird or dark energy will bring that same kind of
   energy into a working–which might be appropriate for your purposes or
   might not.  Each oracle or divination deck has a mind of its own, and
   may or may not be open to this kind of work.


Conclusion

   Regardless of what deck you use, this is a very accessible, and yet,
   deep way to craft a magical space for whatever purposes you might
   need.  As I mentioned in the opening, the crowdfunding campaign was
   released this week to fund our print run.  If you are interested in
   supporting the PSO, please visit the Indigogo page.  We have original
   art, readings, and the chance to preorder book and deck sets!  As
   always, thank you for reading and for your support. I hope you find
   this helpful–and blessings upon your journey this harvest season!

   Comments (12)

Earthen Nature Spirit Statues with Cob September 15, 2019

   Filed under: Artwork,awen,Bardic Arts,Crafts,Creative
   Pursuits,Druid,Earth,Magic,Natural
   building,Spirit,Spirit,stones,Wildcrafting — Dana @ 8:30 am
   Tags: clay sand straw, cob, cob activities, cob building, druid arts,
   druid crafts, earth spirit statues, earthen spirit statues, earthen
   statues, nature shrine, nature statues, sacred actions, sacred art,
   sacred objects, things to make

   An earth spirit statue in my greenhouse, freshly made with sticks and
   an oak gall

   A lifetime ago, myself and a dear friend dug some clay out of a
   hillside.  We each took half of it.  My half of the clay was used to
   form an earthen statue, a guardian statue, for that same friend who was
   struggling with terminal cancer while still in his early 20’s. It had a
   wooden tree knot head, stones for its belly, a stick staff, and an
   earthen body.  My friend accepted it reverently, and it went with him
   everywhere, even till the end. As he struggled with his battle with
   cancer, it grew nicked and chipped.  The wooden head fell off, just as
   my friend’s brain cancer grew more serious. When he passed on, the
   earthen statue passed on with him, returning to the earth. This statue
   was an impermanent being; fashioned of unfired clay. It was brittle,
   yet, in its own way, full of strength. It was ephemeral, and yet
   perfect in its lack of permanence.  It was a spirit statue, channeled
   from nature, with a bit of spirit within it, there to help my friend on
   his journey.


   I had forgotten about this small statue until quite recently.  I’ve
   been cobbing several times a week, working to get my back greenhouse
   cobblestone/cob heatsink wall done.  One day, I had just a little cob
   left over. Not enough to set more stones on the wall, but enough to
   play with.  I started to shape it and felt the power of the Awen and of
   spirit flowing through me.  I saw a vision of all of these earthen
   statues, shaped, with sticks, shells formed and strong. I saw them
   left, to break down quietly in the elements and return to the earth
   with her blessing. And then, I remembered that earthen statue that I
   made all those years ago to try to provide healing and strength for my
   friend. And so, I’ve been experimenting working with such earth spirit
   statues. After sharing a few of my photos with friends, several
   suggested that I write about how I make these and how I use them
   ceremonially.  So today’s post, part of my cob building series, looks
   at the process of making earthen nature spirit statues all from simple
   materials found in your local landscape.  This is something that ANYONE
   can do, regardless of artistic skill.  So let’s get muddy!


Ephemeral Sacred Objects

   In earlier posts on this blog, I worked with the idea of building
   nature shrines and sacred spaces of all kinds.  One of the things I
   often stressed as part of that work was not bringing things into those
   spaces that might be harmful or damaging to the land.  So I suggested
   natural things, things like shells, stones, wood, bones–things that you
   gather yourself, from the land, and allow to return to the land.  Or I
   suggested things that would easily return to the land, like wood burned
   object, hand-dyed natural fibers, etc. These will break down quickly
   due to the elements, but that’s exactly the point.


   Many earth spirit statues

   As I have talked about over the last few weeks, Cob is a natural
   building material made of clay, sand, and straw.  When you make
   something from Cob, it’s not fired.  It will not hold up to water. It
   will break down in the snow, wind, rain, and ice. Why, then, would you
   make statues out of cob if you know they will break down? First,
   because there is a magic in impermanence, magic in the making.  When
   you know something is only going to be a certain way only for a short
   period of time, it holds additional value.  For example, when my
   strawberry patch starts to produce the best-tasting strawberries, I
   know there is a short window, maybe 2 weeks, where I get to enjoy them
   fresh from the plant.  The rest of the year, I might enjoy preserves,
   but never that fresh succulent strawberry right from the vine.  Sacred
   objects can be like that too–an object you carefully construct, with
   the full knowledge that it will be broken down, creates a different
   kind of relationship. A sacred relationship based on the immediate
   moment. Creating these statues asks you to be in a place for this
   moment in time, to simply be present, making these, working with the
   cob between your hands. Letting the natural objects find their own
   shape and in their own time.  And not rushing it.   For there is much
   magic in the making.


   There is magic in the making, and there is magic in the placing. An
   earthen spirit statue’s goal is to return gracefully to the land.  If
   you want, you can work slow magic with these, on nature’s time and at
   nature’s pace, as part of this work.  Almost all of my earthen spirit
   statues are used for the purposes of land healing.  As I shape them, I
   speak my healing words into them, I work healing energies through my
   fingertips. I sing, I chant, I smile, I laugh. I put the energy of life
   and light into my statues. And maybe when they are done, I put some
   more into them ritually, adding the powers of the elements and the
   sacred animals of the druid tradition.  Then, they become like little
   healing shrines all to themselves.  Carefully wrap one and put it in
   your backpack while you are on a hike, leaving it in the nook of a
   tree.  Place one on a stone in a stream, knowing the floods will carry
   it away.  Bury one in a snowdrift in a logged forest to offer peace to
   the survivors.  Offer one to your local lady of the lake.  Place one in
   your garden to nurture your plants to grow, letting it become soil you
   will plant in.

Gathering Materials and Decorations

   There are two parts to an earthen spirit statue.  Natural items, such
   as feathers, leaves, sticks, stones, nuts, roots, seeds, and more are
   one of those parts. Take a small basket into the woods, beach, bog,
   desert or whatever is near you.  Walk intentionally and slowly, letting
   small bits of nature speak to you.  If they call out, pick them up, and
   leave an offering in thanks.  Once you have a good selection to work
   with, its time to make your cob!


Making Cob

   And so, let us put our feet and hands into the earth and make our cob!
   For an introduction to our delightful material, you should look at the
   introduction to cob construction here, and how to make cob here. I will
   also offer basic instructions here, as they differ slightly from the
   instructions on my introduction to cob page. In a nutshell, cob is a
   combination of clay, sand, and straw.  This combination, in the right
   amount (1 part clay/silt to 2 parts sand) makes a perfect material for
   building earthen spirit statues.

   To make your cob:
     * Dig down to the subsoil (see here for more details).  Fill up part
       of a wheelbarrow (1/2 or so).  Screen it, removing any rocks,
       sticks, or other debris.  The goal is to have just clay, sand, and
       straw.
     * Put your material on a tarp.  Make a well in the center of the
       soil, and then, add water.  Mix with your feet, putting your
       prayers, energy, and love into that material.  Dance with the
       spirits as you dance on your cob.  Take a side of your tarp and
       flip the cob, adding more water to make a good firm dough
       consistency.
     * If you want extra strength, you can add a bit of fine straw.  To
       add straw, take your scissors and carefully cut the straw up into
       1/2 in pieces or less.  then sprinkle it through, working it in
       with your feet.
     * Pick up some of your cob.  It should hold its shape well and you
       should be able to work it.  Add more soil if its too wet and more
       water if it’s too dry and crumbly.
     * The goal is a nice firm but doughy texture that will hold its shape
       and that you can form.


   Goose blessing of my cob

Make Your Statues

   Make your statues however you see fit.  the easiest way is to create a
   cylinder by rolling the cob in your hands or on a solid surface. Then,
   find the natural objects you want to include.  Press them into the cob,
   shaping it as you go.  Stick some sticks coming out of it, shells, or
   dried turkey tail mushrooms (or similar small polypore mushroom). Let
   the objects speak to you, and let the clay speak to you. Make no
   thought if it is “good” or “right”; refrain from any value judgments.
   Your goal is to channel the spirits of nature, and they are not
   concerned with the physical vessel you are creating.  Don’t fuss over
   it.  Let it be complete, and make another.  And another, and another,
   until you feel you are done.  As you make, laugh. Get muddy. Sing to
   the statues, drum.  Call for the sacred powers of nature who might aid
   you.  Put happy, healing, and light energy into your work.  Let go.


Bless your statues

   If you feel the need, you can do an additional blessing for your
   statues.  Draw upon the power of earth, air, fire, and water, and give
   a blessing to them–smudge them with incense, drip some beeswax on them
   or hold them to the flame.  Give them some water drips, smear them with
   soil.


   More earth spirit statues!

Place your statues

   Find a home for your statues in the nooks and crannies of the
   landscape.  They want to travel, go somewhere, send their healing
   energy out as they begin to break down. Put them in unconventional
   places.  Put the in places in need of light and healing.  Put them on
   nature shrines.  Put them in your druid’s anchor spot. Visit them and
   watch them break down, or leave them never to return. You can put one
   on your altar for a while, but make an agreement between the two of you
   how long it will be there so that you can return it at the right time
   (these energies are meant to move between you and the land freely).
   There is no right or wrong path, just you, the spirits of nature, and
   how spirit moves through you.

   Comments (5)

The Ways of our Ancestors: Review of the Mountaincraft and Music Gathering
September 11, 2019

   Filed under: ancestors,Community,Creative
   Pursuits,Earth,Growth,Knowledge,Living in Harmony,Respecting
   Earth,Wildcrafting — Dana @ 10:09 pm
   Tags: ancestral fire, dye, earth skills, earth skills gathering. bow
   drill, fire, fire starting, growth, indigo dye, learning, mountaincraft
   and music gathering, mountaincraft review, primitive skills, primitive
   skills gathering, review, sacred time

   Here, in the center of our camp, the sacred fire burns. This fire is
   tended for the four days we are together, never being allowed to go
   out. This is an ancestral fire, and all of us at the Mountaincraft
   gathering have the responsibility of feeding it. This is where we
   remember that learning primitive and earth skills is the work of our
   ancestors. This is where we gather for a quiet moment to commune with
   those ancestors, and will our bodies and hearts to remember. This is
   where, each morning, we gather as a group to hear about the day’s
   classes, call to the directions, hear a word of intention, and recieve
   a water blessing from Nancy Basket, a tribe elder. This is where, at
   each meal, some of us may find ourselves, talking with each other or
   engaging in quiet communion with the flame. This is where, each night,
   we gather to drum, dance, and connect with all in this community. This
   is where many classes are taught, using fire as a tool for cooking,
   dye, carving, and more. The ancestor fire at the heart of the
   Mountaincraft gathering is the heart of the gathering itself–and it
   represents much of what we’ve come here to do.

   Dye pots in the sacred fire


   As I’ve already begun to do, in this post, I’m reviewing my recent
   experience at the Mountaincraft gathering. I’ll offer a full review,
   and also share at the end of the review how you might find a similar
   earth / primitive skills gathering, and why, if you are interested in
   nature spiritualiy and druidry, you might really want to do so!  And
   so, let’s get back to honoring the ancestors.


   While I had been at the North American School of Bushcraft a few times
   before, this was my first time at their annual  Mountaincraft and Music
   Gathering–and in fact, my first earth skills gathering ever. This
   gathering focuses on the wide variety of earth skills and primitive
   skills that our ancestors once knew, and that many of us are now trying
   to re-learn and preserve. Held yearly in early September in
   Hedgesville, WV at the North American Bushcraft School, this gathering
   is a wonderful time for people to gather together to learn, teach,
   share, and grow. I have been looking forward to this gathering for
   quite some time, and I invited two druid friends to go with me.  And
   what a time we had.


   A typical day at Mountaincraft looks like this: breakfast starts at 7am
   and ends at 8:30. At 9:30, we have morning circle around the fire.
   Morning circle is as I described above: part annoucements, part
   community building, and part ceremony.  We hear about the day’s classes
   from each of the many instructors–they introduce themselves, what they
   will be teaching and where. We get a word of intention for the day,
   which helps us focus our energy in a useful direction.  We gain a water
   blessing (and sometimes a song) from Nancy Basket, who uses cedar to
   flick each of us with pure water. Then, we go off to one of many
   classes offered.  Usually about 7-10 classes are being held at any one
   time. Morning class runs from 10am till 12:30. Lunch is till 1:30 and
   classes begin again at 2 and run till 5:30. The gathering provides
   breakfast and lunch, so then everyone goes off to cook or pays for a
   delicious purchased meal. Signups for classes start at dinner the day
   before, so around dinner, so everyone visits the board and sees what
   the next day’s offerings are and sign up. Many find it diffiuclt to
   choose as so many good options are available. As it gets dark, everyone
   gathers for drumming and connection. There might be trading activities
   (trade blanket, or trading/sales of items) or some other activity. The
   final evening of the gathering, Saturday evening, they had two
   fantastic Bluegrass bands (I’m not even a fan of Bluegrass but these
   were quite fun and enjoyable!) Then you go to your tent and enjoy your
   rest. While it sounds like you stay quite busy, the schedule is quite
   relaxed and things happen at their own pace. Earth skills are not
   “fast” skills, rather, they work on slow time. The gathering’s pace
   reflects this powerful lesson.

   Afternoon Classes – so many!


   Each day at the gathering offered new classes and exciting
   opportunities to learn. It was often quite hard to pick between the
   many classes. Here are just some of the many classes that were offered
   this year: Wilderness survival 101, map and compass, navigation without
   maps, bow drill firemaking (make your own kit and learn to use it),
   friction fires of the world, 40 minute forks, spoon carving,
   blacksmithing 101, make your own atlatl, primitive pottery, zen and the
   art of woodchopping, tool maintenance, make handles for tools from
   trees, make a milking stool from a log, flintknapping, tomahawk
   throwing and course, bow course, cordage, basketry (many, many
   different types–pine needles, kudzu, vine, etc) combined with
   storytelling, fingerweaving, natural dyes, bark baskets, parkour,
   campfire cooking, indigo and shibori dye, leatherwork: moccasins, make
   your own leather pants or skirt, process a deer and use all parts,
   cattail reed mat making, herbalism 101, salve making, naturalist
   classes, nature awareness, weed walks and plant walks, eating bugs and
   mushrooms, tree identification, drumming, learning guitar and banjo
   (and other music), nature identification, and so many more I can’t
   remember and didn’t write down! There was also a full 3.5 day kids
   program, where kids did many different earth skills along with plenty
   of play time, swimming, and nature hikes. This allowed the kids
   autonomy and also allowed parents to go to their own classes knowing
   that their kids were in good hands. There were also daily sweat lodges
   that you could sign up for–I did not do a lodge but one of my druid
   friends did and had an amazing experience.


   40 Minute Forks

   On my first day, I spent the morning learning “40 minute forks” from
   Fuz, a long-time earth skills instructor from North Carolina. This was
   a great class to help me build confidence with my knife skills,
   whittling skills and create some simple forks. Fuz was a strong
   presence throughout the gathering, not only teaching a wide range of
   primitive skills (carving, wood chopping, drumming) but he was also
   very active in the drum circles at night, helping us feel welcome and
   leading some great beats.


   The afternoon class was primitive pottery with Keith. We made our way
   down to the creek bed, dug clay from the bank, and learned how to hand
   wedge it. Covered in mud, we came back to the primitive pottery area,
   where we shaped the clay into bowls and other objects. On saturday late
   afternoon, after drying the pottery by the fire, the kiln was built on
   top of hot ashes and all of our pots went inside. Then, we built a
   bonfire on top of it and watched it burn  I remember standing there
   with our pots, at about 11pm on Saturday night. Bluegrass band playing
   in the background, heat of the fire before me, and just thinking what
   an amazing experience this was–to use fire as such a powerful tool.
   Evening came and my friends and I shared a meal and some downtime at
   our campsite. We then went down to the ancestral fire, where we
   participated in the best drum circle jam I have ever been enjoyed!


   Prefiring pots

   The second day cordage in the morning with Jeff Gottleib.  I loved
   everything about Jeff’s teaching style: practical, knowledgable,
   friendly, and encouraging. Jeff was a professional earth skills
   instructors and naturalist and it really showed. He walked us through
   the intracies of creating cordage from various plants and trees, and
   had tons of examples to look at.  We made dogbane cordage and then some
   hemp cordage. He even had a book on the topic for more info, which I
   was lucky enough to purchase for reference.  (He has a site and Youtube
   channel you can check out here).


   After a great lunch, I went to my afternoon class, which was dyeing
   with indigo and traditional shibori techniques with Stephanie Davis. I
   have been longing to learn these techniques for years!  Stephanie’s
   workshop was amazing. Stephanie brought out examples, pictures, and had
   her own indigo dyed clothing and tapestries everywhere for examples.
   She offered us a box of clothing and we took what would fit.  I ended
   up with a great cotton sleeveless shirt and an long runner I will use
   as an altar cloth. Stephanie’s instruction in indigo was magical. Each
   of us finished our prepartion (with various stitches, string, rubber
   bands, and more) and then made our way to the dye vat. Stephanie worked
   with each of us, slowly and purposefully, to dye our work and remove it
   quickly so that we did not add oxygen to the vat. Her gentle guidance
   added *so much* to the learning process–I felt like she taught us how
   to commune with the dye, how to work with the Indigo plant behind it.
   My two pieces came out beautifully. Many of us stayed to watch the last
   of the items get unwrapped like precious gifts. I left that class with
   my heart so full.


   Amazing dyed fabrics!

   Friday night offered a traditional trade blanket. Each of us who
   participated brought multiple kinds of trades.  We took turns, going
   around the blanket and offering trades. Or doing side trades, which are
   ok. I ended up trading for a bag of spicebush seeds (yay for replanting
   my land), a small leather bag, beads, dried hen of the woods mushrooms,
   a self-published coloring book, and a wonderful wool shawl with arm
   holes. I gave iron oxide pigment, guinea and goose feathers, a handmade
   leather journal, small gourds, and a small gourd drum. This was a  very
   fun time and a good way to get to know people at the event. For an
   overview of what this is, you can see this page.


   Saturday is the “big day” of the gathering. Lots of new folks rolled in
   and there were at least 10-15 classes running at all times–and again so
   many choices! I decided to do a natural dyes and ecoprinting class in
   the morning. My natural dye class was great–we foraged for materials,
   learned about dyes and prepartion, and prepared and used three
   different dyes: a pokeberry dye, a walnut dye, and a goldenrod dye. The
   best thing about this class is that we did these dyes over our ancetral
   fire, just like our ancestors would have.  We gathered the plants and
   stained our fingers and faces with pokeberries.


   My kit, with a fire I started at home a few days after the gathering.

   My saturday afternoon class was my last class of the gathering, since I
   had to return early on Sunday. But I consider this class my greatest
   success–it was certainly the most physically demanding and challenging
   but also rewarding. I had class with Jeff again. This time, he was
   teaching us how to make bow drill kits for friction fire building. We
   started with a good chunk of dried basswood he harvested. He showed us
   how to quarter the log and get boards from them, each student making
   their own board. He then took the rest and offered us smaller shards to
   carve down into our round drill. After a good deal of carving, we were
   ready to make the bow. We harvested our drill wood itself and then
   added lines or did a 3-ply cordage technique with leather.  By this
   time, we had been making our kits for several hours. Many of the other
   classes had finished for the day, but we were determined to start fires
   with our kits!  It took me about 15 minutes of practice to get the hang
   of it, but then, I HAD AN EMBER!  And then, a minute or so later, I had
   made fire.  I felt so alive, so proud, so accomplished. From my own
   hands, I took pieces of split wood and turned them into a friction fire
   kit that really worked.  I spent most of the evening riding my bow
   drill fire high, thankful to have learned this skill and feeling damn
   accomplished. Since returning home, I’ve made three embers and one
   successful fire with my bow drill–and it tremendously deepened my
   relationship to fire!


   That evening was awesome.  We had the trader setup, where you could
   sell or trade for items from a wide variety of folks who had stuff at
   the gathering. There were soaps, jams and jellies, herbal medicine,
   knives, feathers and bones, old school lanterns, various tools, and so
   many more interesting things. As that winded down, the party began, and
   we enjoyed homebrew and two amazing bluegrass bands.  I ended that
   evening at the primitive fire pit watching my pots turn to molten
   orange.Sunday at the gathering is a half day, but unfortunately, I had
   to leave early due to having to go to work later on Sunday. I said
   goodbye and drove away with my heart so full and my mind active, the
   awen strongly flowing through me!


   I want to conclude with a few general thoughts and encourage you to go
   to Mountaincraft or another Earth Skills gathering:


   Firing the pots!

   First, this community is really, really welcoming. I can’t stress that
   enough. I live in a rural and very conserative area, and that often
   translates that there are things women do and things men do, and men
   don’t always want to teach women “men’s” skills. Woodworking and
   treework, in particular, have been really hard for me to get any decent
   lessons in. Here at Mountaincraft, Jason and Sera, who run the North
   American Bushcraft School, are diligent about their land being an
   accessible and welcoming place. I felt completely respected and
   believed in, at all times, during the gathering. I had strong women and
   respectful men leading awesome classes. But its not just gender
   diversity that is respected: all people are. The elders are respected
   in this community and given places of honor. The children are likewise
   respected, and many of them are teachers themselves. I have never been
   in such an open and welcoming community that honors the diversity of
   age, race, gender, and path so much.


   Second, this community has a lot to offer people who put in the time.
   Besides the incredible list of skills I mentioned, there is a lot of
   personal work you get to do in building skills. Its a meaningful and
   powerful method of personal empowerment, where each new skill you learn
   allows you to gain confidence, gain power, and gain wisdom.  One of my
   druid friends, also a woman, spent the weekend learning blacksmithing,
   making weapons, and throwing them.  Her body was sore but her heart was
   full. She took the warrior’s path, much different than my own bardic
   journey, and yet, both were fulfilling and enriching for us.  Starting
   my fire with the bow drill changed something within me; it connected me
   deeply with my ancestors but also seemed to unlock some as of yet
   unknown potential within me. All I can say is that I left that
   gathering a different person than I came, and what that means will
   likely take some time to sort out through more fire building and bow
   drill practice.


   Third, this gathering teaches deep nature knowledge and nature
   awareness. Nature has so many facets to learn: identification,
   edible/medicinal virtues, and many other uses–each of these offers a
   different “face” of a plant. There is such a difference between being
   able to ID a tree and learning how to make something from its fallen
   trunk, knowing just the right wood and part of the wood to choose.
   Before this gathering, basswood was simply a nice tree that I could
   identify and whose flowers made a demulcent tea. By learning how to
   make a bow drill of basswood, I learned much more about the qualities
   of this tree–how the wood behaves, how soft it is, how it smells when
   it burns, how it carves. Thus, I learned a bit of the tree’s magic:
   what wisdom and resources that it can offer. Nature knowledge comes in
   many forms, and the path of earth skills is abundant in such knowledge.


   Finally, I think earth skills gatherings offeres a wonderful “earth
   path” suppliment to my many readers who are practicing some kind of
   earth-based spirituality (such as AODA druidry, which we literally call
   “earth path” skills).  These are the practical skills, folks.  These
   are the skills that help you stay rooted and present and build nature
   knowledge.  It is an incredible opportunity.


   If you want to find a gathering near you, visit the Earth Skills
   Gatherings website.

   Comments (3)

Building with Cob, Part II: Soil Tests and Mixing Cob September 8, 2019

   Filed under: ancestors,Bardic Arts,Community,Creative
   Pursuits,Dirt,Earth,Elements,Living in Harmony,Natural
   building,Permaculture,Respecting Earth,stones,Tools,Wildcrafting — Dana
   @ 8:30 am
   Tags: cob, cob 101, cob candleholders, cob dancing, cob wall, earth,
   feet, happy feet, how to make cob, mixing cob, natural building,
   primitive ritual objects, sacred soil, sharp sand, soil, soil horizons,
   soil test, subsoil. sacred earth

   Happy feet mixing cob!

   In a meadow under the summer sun, a group of dancers laugh and fling
   mud.  Beneath their feet, clay, sand, and water become mixed together,
   creating a sticky earthen blend that sticks to their feet, their legs,
   and, after some play, faces and fingers! This is a cob mixing party,
   one of the best times you can have with good friends. After the cob is
   mixed, it is added by others to the bench and more soil is added and
   the dance continues.  In last week’s post we explored some reasons to
   consider exploring natural building as a potential way to build
   sustainable structures and be more attuned with the energies of earth.
   In this week’s post, we will get into how to test your soil and how to
   make some cob!


   One thing I want to share about cob–you don’t have to build big things,
   like houses or ovens, with cob.  You can also build really small
   things–candleholders, paperweights, primitive statuary, and so on.  You
   can do an earth plaster on a wall in your home, or build a small cob
   bench overlooking the woods. I think the underlying practice with cob
   is simply to work with the earth in this very earth-honoring and
   embodied practice.  This post explores how to test your soil and make
   cob, which you can then use to shape your world!

Preliminaries for Cob: Testing Your Soil and Quality of Cob

Soil Horizons and Your Subsoil

   Soil horizons Making cob requires you to understand a bit about soil
   horizons and how soil lays on the earth.  If you dig a hole in the
   earth straight down, you’ll see that soil show up in layers
   (horizons).  The first layer, the O layer, is an organic layer–where
   dead and rotting organic matter can be found.  This is the layer that
   is created when leaves fall and rot, creating dark, rich, humus.  This
   is what we want to grow plants in, NOT what we want for natural
   building.


   The second layer, the  A Horizon, is the surface layer.  It is usually
   less dark, but still contains nutrients and organic matter. It usually
   appears lighter in color. Again, this is for plants, not for cob.


   The third layer, the B Horizon, represents the sub-soil.  It is here
   where we find clay, sand, and silt; our basic building blocks for cob
   construction.  You’ll notice another break in your soil as you go
   down–in my region, the soil gets quite orange, representing the high
   iron content that we have here.


   The fourth layer is the C Horizon, or sub-stratum, where you get quite
   rocky before hitting the final layer: the R layer, bedrock.  We don’t
   really want that for cob either.  Depending on where you live, the
   bedrock may be very close to the surface or dozens of feet down, so you
   may never see it.  Here in Pennsylvania, however, you can get a good
   look at the C horizon less than a foot down!


   The amount of O and A Horizons you have is based on your own soil
   ecology as well as the long-term land use and land history. Parts of
   the world were stripped to bedrock by glaciers.  Other parts have a 15
   foot A Horizon due to long-term patterns of beneficial animal herd
   grazing.  The same is true of the B, C, and R layers–the depth of these
   layers is based on a lot of land history factors spanning back tens or
   hundreds of thousands of years.


   The good news is that in many parts of the world, clay and sand are
   fairly abundant and easy to get to with only a shovel!  You can learn
   more about soil horizons in your area by looking at recently dug up
   areas–a fallen tree that has taken the roots with it as it fell offers
   one such opportunity; new construction into a hillside offers another.
   Or, you can simply get out a shovel and start digging–the secrets of
   the soil horizons will be revealed to you with a bit of sweat equity.


The Soil Jar Test

   To find out how much sand, clay, and silt you are working with in your
   subsoil, you can perform a simple soil jar test.  Dig down into the
   subsoil and get yourself a good cupful of subsoil.  Break it up well if
   it is compacted as much as you can (this might mean letting it dry out
   for a few days in the sun and then breaking it up that way). Place this
   in a quart mason jar and fill with water to the top, leaving about an
   inch or so to shake it.  If you have animal helpers, this is a good
   time to enlist their help. Shake it very well.

   Soil jar after shaking well.


   Goose inspection of the jar. All is well.

   Now, let your jar sit somewhere undisturbed or 24 hours.
     * The sand (a large grain particle) will immediately sink to the
       bottom, within a few minutes.  Mark this with tape or a marker if
       you can, or mentally note where it is.
     * A layer of silt (a medium particle) will settle on top of the sand
       in about 30 min.  You should .again mentally note where that ends.
     * Over the next 24 hours or so, the clay (a vey fine-grained
       particle) will settle out of the water.
     * You will also see any organic matter floating at the top of the
       jar.

   24 hour later, all has settled.

   You can look at these ratios as a way to determine if you will need to
   source some off-site materials to make an effective cob blend (2 parts
   sand, 1 part silt/clay).  As you can see from above, I am blessed in
   that I have an excellent ration of sand to clay/silt, and the cob from
   my land is almost perfect without any additions.

   Any organic matter will settle on top (or float) but if you are using
   subsoil and you dug below the A horizon, you shouldn’t have much of
   that. (As an aside, you can use this same test for garden soil on the
   surface and it will tell you how much organic matter is in your soil,
   which is a very good thing!)


Clay Ribbon Test

   Another good thing to do to test your clay in your subsoil is to do a
   ribbon test.  This gives you a simple test that lets you know how pure
   your clay is and how it will hold up over time.  A good example of how
   to do this is here. You mix up your cob as usual and work to create one
   of those clay snakes (like you may have done as a kid). When you have
   it mixed, you see how well it can be worked (bending) without
   breaking.  The higher the clay content, the more bendy it is.


   Making cob at my PDC in 2015!

Soft and Sharp Sand

   Not all sand is created equal and it is very good to know what kind of
   sand you have in your subsoil. Some sand has very soft edges; you can
   think of beach sand here. The waves and water over a long period of
   time have softened the sand to the point where it is smooth. It is
   possible that the sand in your subsoil is like this–it is very soft
   because at one time, it was on a beach somewhere! Sharper sand
   contributes to a stronger cob. If you are doing major load-bearing
   building projects, you might consider adding some “builders sand”
   (which is a sharp, coarse sand) to your mix.

How to Make Cob!

   Without further delay, let’s mix up some cob!

   To make your own cob, you will need the following tools:
     * A shovel to dig out subsoil, wheelbarrow
     * Subsoil
     * Straw (chopped up), aged manure, or other grassy things (this adds
       strength)
     * A mixing tarp (any tarp will do, at least 6′ across  so you can
       move the cob around on it
     * A water source (hose, bucket, etc.)
     * Some happy feet for cob dancing (you know you want to!)
     * A large wooden screen sizes (use 1/2 or 1/4″ screen; see “tools”
       below)
     * A rock or small board to help sift subsoil


Tools

   Probably the only tool you will need to make is your screen sifter. For
   general cob applications, you will want a 1/2″ screen for
   coarse/building cob. For finer cob applications (finish plasters,
   earthen candleholders or statuary, etc) you will want a 1/4″ screen. I
   made my screen by making a simple wooden frame out of scrap 2×4″ board.
   Then, I used a good amount of staples to staple my hardware cloth
   (1/2″) to the frame. The process took about 30 minutes, which mostly
   involved cutting and stapling the hardware cloth.

   Screen with soil

   It is necessary that you screen your cob in most locations–you don’t
   want those happy dancing feet to step on sharp rocks, sticks, or other
   stuff.  If you are taking your cob down to the 1/4″ level and have
   really rocky and uneven subsoil, I suggest starting to screen it at
   1/2″ and then rescreen it down to 1/4″.

Making Cob

   Dig your soil. The first thing to do is to dig out a good amount of
   subsoil.  I usually mix two medium wheelbarrows full at a time.  If you
   mix too much at once, it becomes unwieldy, particularly if you are
   mixing it yourself.  You can see how rocky our subsoil is!

   Wheelbarrow full of subsoil

   Screen your cob. Now, screen your cob. To do this, break up the hard
   chunks as much as you can with a shovel.  Wet soil will not screen.
   Really dry soil (as in, you haven’t had rain for quite a while) may get
   hard to screen as well, so there really is a sweet spot for soil
   moisture (experiment, you will see what I mean). Put a few shovel fulls
   of cob in your screen and then start moving it around. After you break
   up the big stuff, you can use a rock or small piece of board to really
   push the soil through the screen. Once you’ve screened all of the cob,
   place the stones and other debris in a bucket, and continue with more
   subsoil.

   Using a stone to work out the last bits of subsoil/clay chunks from
   stone

   Make your cob. Once your subsoil is all screened, you can dump it into
   the mixing tarp. Make a well in the center of the subsoil, and just
   like you’d do making a dough, place water in the well in the center.
   Don’t overdo it, just fill up that well.

   The well with water

   Now, start mixing the cob together with your feet. As you mix, grab an
   edge of the tarp and pull part of the soil over on itself. Add more
   water. Mix with your feet again, and continue the process–flipping over
   the cob, adding water, etc, until all the cob is firm yet pliable. How
   wet you want your cob depends on the application. If you are using cob
   as a mortar for a stone wall or brick rocket stove, you will want it
   much wetter. If you want to make bricks and build with it (like an
   earth oven), you will want it more firm.

   Work it!  Mixing in the straw.  Sprinkle lightly to prevent clumps.

   Optional: Add straw. At this stage, if you want your cob to have extra
   strength, you can mix in some straw or other grassy matter. This
   addition is excellent for building cob ovens, walls, and so on. The
   straw will suck up some of the moisture in your mix, so you may have to
   add a bit more water till you get a perfect consistency!  For fine
   applications, a lot of cobbers actually use dried out horse or cow
   manure–the cellulose stays in the plant matter as it moves through the
   animal, giving a really nice soft strengthener.


   In my photo here, I am using this cob as a mortar for my greenhouse
   back wall, so I have added straw to help strengthen it.

   A good mix!

   Create anything with your cob! Now, you have a wonderful building
   material that you can do anything with!  If you don’t have anything to
   build yet, consider not adding the straw and instead, making some
   primitive statuary, cob candleholders, paperweights, and so on.  I love
   the way that some cob statuary and candleholders look on an altar!

   Ready to use!

   Cob and cobblestone wall ongoing in the greenhouse!


   The photos in this blog post show two different locations–at my
   permaculture design certificate program, where the soil was more
   brown/gray and then here in PA, where we have beautiful yellow-orange
   iron-rich soil.  One of the other delightful things about cob is that
   it reflects the land where it comes from–we can truly see the colors of
   the land through this practice.

   I hope this post was inspirational to you and you consider
   experimenting with this amazing building source!

   Comments (5)

Building with Cob, Part I: Project ideas and Honoring Earth September 1, 2019

   Filed under: ancestors,Community,Crafts,Creative
   Pursuits,Cycles,Dirt,Earth,Elements,Living in Harmony,Natural
   building,Nature
   Philosophy,Permaculture,Planning,Regeneration,Respecting
   Earth,stones,Tools,Wildcrafting — Dana @ 8:30 am
   Tags: bench, benefits of cob, building with cob, cob, cob and
   spirituality, cob construction, cob oven, cob pizza oven, cobbing,
   Druidry, earth, embracing earth, greenhouse, heat sink, hobbit sauna,
   introduction to cob, pizza oven, rocket stove, soil, spiritual cob,
   strawbale studio, subsoil

   Making some cob!

   Connecting with the earth can mean a lot of things–and today, I want to
   talk through how to create a simple building material that can be used
   for a wide variety of purposes: cob.  Cob is an ancient building
   material that is a combination of sand, clay, and straw (or other
   strengthening materials) mixed with water. Cob, the synthesis of water
   and earth, becomes the passive forms through which we shape anything
   from a small earth oven to a whole living space.  In this post, I’ll
   introduce cob and offer some different kinds of projects that you can
   do with it. This post compliments last week’s post, where I shared how
   to make ecobricks from waste plastic materials.  Cob is certainly one
   of the more sustainable and local construction materials to use in
   conjunction with ecobricks, so I thought it would be a nice time to
   introduce this as well.  I’m also going to be doing a variety of cob
   projects on the homestead in the next few years that I will share
   about, and thus, it is useful to have this introduction first!


   For many years, when I was studying natural building and various kinds
   of sustainable living at Strawbale Studio in Michigan, I offered a
   series of posts on natural building topics and rocket stoves. This post
   continues that series, and I am delighted to revisit some of these
   construction techniques. This post will serve as a basic introduction
   to natural building with cob–for more resources, there are books and
   classes (I’d highly suggest one of the internships at Strawbale Studio
   for a hands on experience!) Today’s post covers the preliminaries for
   cob building – what cob is, the kinds of projects you can make with
   cob, and the spiritual implications of learning to work with this
   amazing material. Next week’s post will show you how to test your soil
   and make cob.  Once I finish it in a month or so, I will also show the
   cob/cobblestone build a simple passive solar greenhouse heatsink wall.


Connecting to the Earth

   Cob is the combination of sand, clay, and straw that has been used as a
   building material throughout the ages.  It is a most ancient building
   material, an ancestral building material.  It is always a local
   resource that reflects the different qualities of the earth in that
   location. It has been created by humans for thousands of years (if not
   longer), and is used in a number of building techniques, including
   adobe construction, waddle and daub construction, strawbale
   construction, and much more. In fact, nearly every temperate or
   tropical non-industrial culture has created their own version of cob in
   some capacity. This is a building material that is right from the land,
   created with our bodies in perfect harmony with the living earth.


   In modern industrialized cultures, we often live in and build
   structures in opposition to the land. These structures almost always
   ignore basic things like sunlight, wind, or other weather patterns that
   would make heating and cooling them more effective and instead, rely on
   unsustainable fossil fuel burning to make them comfortable.  We live in
   houses full of toxic substances: the materials were toxic to the land
   and her peoples (human or otherwise) during extraction, toxic during
   their production, and they will be toxic when they are destroyed and
   put in a landfill. Our homes, structures, and building materials are
   thus in a constant state of disconnection from the living earth.  I
   think its hard to live that way, even subconsciously, and not
   experience some disconnection as well.


   Cob offers us one path, of many, back to more nature connection.
   Learning some cobbing and other natural building skills can help us
   connect with the earth, honor the earth, and learn some of the deeper
   mysteries of the land.  We can reconnect with the wisdom of our
   ancestors, who built shelters and homes right from the land aroudn
   them.  Learning to make cob, even through small things like making cob
   candleholders, allows for that deep, ancestral connection.  There is
   nothing as satisfying as communing with the earth, digging up some of
   her subsoil, sifting it, and stomping it with your bare feet to mix it
   into something that you can use to create virtually anything!   The mud
   between your toes, the weight of the earth, the shape of it in your
   hands–it is empowering, it is connective, and it is soul-filled.


   Making cob and building with cob (also known as “cobbing”) also offers
   powerfully to the druid elements (which are explained here):
   particularly, the synthesis of gwyar and calas. You can also think of
   cob through the classical elements: the passive elements of water and
   earth are combined to build structures which heat, shelter, and allow
   us to cook meals, and so on.  It is an incredible and beautiful way to
   learn to live more in harmony with nature.


   In the 21st century and the age of the Anthropocene, I think we need
   multiple pathways to find our way back to the cradle of the earth.  To
   a place of connection, or re-connection. Of learning that the earth,
   right under our feet, and the living things around us can truly provide
   all of our basic necessities for life.  This is a lesson that humanity
   has forgotten in the century+ past industrialization, but it is time
   that we begin to learn this lesson anew.  And for some of us, this
   lesson comes in the form of learning to build as our ancestors did–of
   using materials right from our land.


What are the benefits of working with Cob?

   The Strawbale Studio - Cob/Strawbale with Thatched Roof

   The Strawbale Studio – Cob/Strawbale with Thatched Roof

   Local and sustainable sourcing, ethical building material. Because cob
   is locally sourced, it is an extremely sustainable building material.
   If you have the right kind of sub-soil, you can literally dig it out of
   your land and make it right there. Some sub-soil may require off-site
   amendments, depending on the nature of your soil (see soil tests, next
   week’s post). Cob comes right from the earth, and can return right to
   the earth, with minimal to no ecological impact. For example, in
   digging my hugelkultur beds, I replaced hard packed clay with large
   amounts of wood, plant matter, and compost–and the clay that was
   removed from those beds was piled up nearby, ready to be turned into
   cob.  Now I have a giant pile of subsoil that I am slowly using for new
   cob projects.


   By comparison, modern construction materials are just awful from an
   environmental perspective. For example, the production of concrete is
   the *third largest* producer of C02 in the world! The link in the last
   sentence shows at how many different stages the production of concrete
   is linked to C02. Yes, concrete is more permanent than cob, but it
   comes with serious disadvantages.


   Endless possibilities for construction. The possibilities of building
   with cob are endless! You can build earth ovens, chicken coops,
   candleholders, and even whole living structures. About 10 years ago,
   strawbale/cob construction was listed in the International Building
   Code, which makes it easier to secure the necessary permits in places
   that require them. Most of the “finished” photos in this post are from
   the Strawbale Studio, built by my natural building mentor, Deanne
   Bednar.  In addition, unlike many conventional building materials that
   require squares and rectangles, cob also allows for amazing amounts of
   versatility and creativity.  Unlike regular structures built with
   straight lines, cob allows for flowing curves, circles, spirals, and
   many unique features. Thus, many natural building projects are flowing,
   curvy, and fun.


   Accessible to everyone. If you didn’t grow up “handy” or had someone to
   teach you, traditional construction may be inaccessible–both because it
   requires a lot of specialized knowledge and also because it requires
   multiple kinds of expensive tools and supplies. By comparison, cob
   construction can be taught to anyone, including children. In fact, cob
   allows us to build things right from the land, on the land, with
   minimal hand tools and no fossil fuel demands. It is perfect for group
   settings, schools, and other places where people want to join together
   to do something fun.


   The inside of Strawbale studio with curves and beautiful features

   The inside of Strawbale studio with curves and beautiful feature

   Building with cob is “slow” and “meditative.”  Taking fossil fuels out
   of the equation requires a different kind of time commitment. Fossil
   fuels allow us to radically increase the speed at which things are
   done, but not the quality by which they are done.  Cobbing allows us to
   slow down, to re-attune with earth’s rhythms, and to have fun making
   something magical with our own hands and feet!  This is “earth time”
   and requires us to simply embrace the experience. Creating and working
   with cob is not done on “fast time” but represents a very slow and
   meditative process.  I list this as a benefit because I truly believe
   it to be so–by attuning with the earth and her building materials, we
   are forced to slow down, breathe, and be a participant in the process.


   Can be combined with other sustainable practices. Cob is but one of
   many different techniques that can be used to build material. Timber
   framing, ecobricks, thatching, passive solar, rocket stoves/energy
   efficient heating, and shingle making from wood are just some of the
   strategies that align with these approaches. A rich universe of
   knowledge awaits you down this path!


Example Cob Projects: Rocket Stoves, Ovens, and Structures

   One of the first considerations when thinking about a cob building
   project is matching the cob project to your climate. In arid climates
   where there is little rain, cob can be out in the sun and elements
   unprotected with minimal damage. In temperate climate with lots of
   rain, sleet, hail, and snow, special considerations are needed to
   protect the cob from the elements. In particular, cob designs need to
   have a “good hat” and “good feet.” That is cob projects are required to
   have some kind of protective structure that prevents the cob from
   getting wet–even with a finish plaster, it cannot stand up to the
   regular elements for extended periods.  A good footer,  usually made of
   stone, is what you rest cob on (so that it can’t wash away). This is
   one of the big differences between concrete and cob. Concrete is
   designed to stand up to the elements for years–but it also means that
   it will not return easily to the earth. Cob requires more TLC with
   regards to the elements, but is perfectly fine when designed correctly.
   As you see some of the examples of cob projects, you will see the use
   of the good hat/good foot design!  With this in mind, let’s explore
   some of the wonderful projects you can do with Cob!


   Cob Ovens for Pizza and Baking. A staple in the cob world and a project
   that can be complete over several weekends is a cob baking oven for
   pizzas.  This is a good beginner project for cob, and there are lots of
   designs and resources online and in print.  I’ve built a few of these
   and have also had the pleasure in cooking in them!  The pizza that
   comes forth from them is amazing.

   A cov oven at Sirius Ecovillage

   This first photo is of the cob oven at Sirius Ecovillage (where I was
   blessed enough to do my permaculture design certificate in 2015!).  I
   love this oven because it has a well-designed structure that lets light
   in, it has beautiful artistry of the oven outside, and it produces
   quite tasty food!


   Cob oven with fresh mushroom pizza

   Earth Oven at Strawbale

   This second oven is located at Strawbale studio.  While this oven was
   built before my time there, I was able to help repair cracks in this
   oven and bake in it on several occasions.  This oven did not have the
   optional stove pipe (like the first one did) but it still worked
   great.  In this case, the venting of the heat and smoke just come out
   the front. Notice the “hat” and ‘feet” of this design. The first photo
   shows some handmade pizzas with fresh foraged mushrooms we made and
   enjoyed as part of a workshop!


   A Cob Rocket Stove or Rocket Mass Heater: Cob is excellent at
   transmitting heat (or cold) and because of that, it makes an excellent
   material for a rocket stove or rocket mass heater. There are lots of
   different designs for these; some years ago I detailed one rocket stove
   using a cob mortar here that I built with a group of others at
   Strawbale Studio. Other designs include indoor ones that are designed
   to heat larger spaces, like this other indoor heater at Strawbale.
   This cob bench works on the principle of heating bodies, not spaces, so
   it radiates heat out.  It takes a long time to heat up (about 4 hours,
   as the cob is 4″ thick in most places) but even after the fire dies
   out, it will stay warm for many hours.
   Indoor rocket mass heater

   Indoor rocket mass heater at Strawbale Studio
   Rocket stove with cob mortar

   Rocket stove with cob mortar

   Larger Structures: Buildings, Walls, and More: Cob projects can become
   any size you are willing to work on–up to full size houses, saunas,
   chicken coops, and more. Strawbale Studio has a lot of such examples of
   these kinds of structures. One of the keys to thinking about larger
   structures is that cob transmits heat or cold really well–this means
   that a stove will move heat outward. However, uninsulated cob walls
   will quickly turn into a freezer in winter–this is why cob is often
   combined wtih strawbale construction for strawbale’s insulation
   properties in temperate climates.  Cob on its own has no insulation and
   will move heat or cold through it.
   Hobbit Sauna

   Hobbit Sauna tree (this is a tree I designed and created for the sauna
   with help from my friends!  Here, the tree is drying after working on
   it for two days. This was done during my last visit to Strawbale Studio
   in 2017!)


   In Greenhouses and as Heat Sinks.  My current in-progress cob project
   (which I should finish by the end of Fall 2019) is a cob/stone wall for
   the back of my greenhouse.  I am doing this project in my small
   repurposed carport greenhouse. All greenhouses have three sides that
   allow for light and heat to enter (east, south, and west).  The other
   side of the greenhouse, north, never has direct light or heat coming
   through it, and thus, it is better to insulate it than to treat it like
   the other three walls. Because cob is an excellent conductor of heat, I
   am using the wall as a heatsink. This will be useful for any sunny day
   in fall, winter, or spring where the sun heats the greenhouse up
   considerably but the temperature drops a lot in the night (in summer,
   sinking heat isn’t a problem!).  I’ll share this design in a future
   post.


   Cob benches and smaller structures. Cob is also used for a variety of
   smaller structures, such as cob benches. These can be done indoors or
   out. I haven’t yet worked on one of these projects, but you can see
   nice examples here.


   That’s it for today–in my next post, we’ll look how to test your soil
   for an appropriate mix of clay and sand, mixing cob, and doing some
   basic construction (in this case, my cob greenhouse wall). May your
   hands ever be in the earth, may your heart ever be full, and may your
   spirit ever be inspired!

   Comments (9)

Plastic Waste into Resources: Exploring Ecobricks as Building Tools August
25, 2019

   Filed under: Bardic Arts,Crafts,Creative
   Pursuits,creativity,Cycles,Druid,Living in Harmony,Natural
   building,Nature Philosophy,permaculture ethics,permaculture
   principles,Planning,Recycling and Waste,Respecting Earth,Triumphs —
   Dana @ 8:30 am
   Tags: bottle brick, cob, earth care, ecobrick, natural building,
   permaculture, Planning, plastic bricks, plastic recycling, trash, waste
   as a resource

   As I described in last week’s post, at least here in the US, we have
   serious challenges befalling us with plastic recycling along with a
   host of waste plastics that can never be recycled. A recycling
   infrastructure built almost exclusively on exporting masses of “dirty”
   recycling to China now has the recycling system here in the US is in
   shambles when China stopped taking recycling. Further, so many plastics
   simply can’t be recycled, meaning that even well meaning folks who
   recycle everything they can still end up throwing away enormous amounts
   of single-use plastics, packaging, film, and other waste. In
   permaculture design terms, it is time to turn some of this waste into a
   resource!  So in today’s post, I’d like to explore the concept of
   making ecobricks as a way to sink large amounts of un-recyclable waste
   into a productive resource and share some designs and ideas for using
   ecobricks for building projects.


   Ecobricks, also known as Bottle Bricks, are a concept that has been
   growing in popularity, particularly in developing nations who are awash
   with plastic.  When we have plastic literally filling up oceans,
   streams, and communities, communities start looking for ways of dealing
   with that plastic–and ecobricks are one of the solutions that everyday
   people are creating. In a nutshell, you take a plastic bottle, fill it
   with unrecyclable plastic, and use it as a building tool for all kinds
   of projects.  If combined with other kinds of sustainable building
   techniques, like Cob, it is buildling tool can be used again and again,
   in the event that the original thing you built you want to dismantle.


Why are Ecobricks a spiritual and sustainable practice?

   Ecobricks present multiple kinds of “solutions” and benefits.  Before
   getting into the specifics of how to make them, I want to share these
   benefits.

   Accessibility and empowerment. The first thing I really like about
   ecobricks as a sustainable solution is that they are easy enough that
   anyone can make them.  And everyone has access to the basic materials
   (which are all free, and all considered waste).  Even if you choose not
   to use ecobricks in your own project, there is a global network of
   people who are making them to contribute to community projects (see
   more at grobrick.com).


   Raising awareness and raising plastic consciousness. Saving up the
   plastics for ecobricks (and seeking out additional plastics) helps
   shift one’s own awareness about the proliferation of plastic.  New
   studies have recently demonstrated the serious toll that plastic is
   having in the world, from drinking water to oceans to our own bodies.
   By treating it as a resource and changing your relationship to plastic,
   it helps you raise your own “plastic consciousness” in terms of both
   how much plastic you consume, but also, how much would get thrown away
   if you weren’t creating ecobricks.


   Magic and intention. Making the ecobricks has a deeply spiritual side,
   a kind of sacred action.  Because it takes a long time to make
   ecobricks, as you create, it becomes a kind of meditation.  As you push
   the plastic into the brick, you can meditate on the world you are
   creating, rather than the world that created that plastic.  You can
   write on the ecobrick your hopes and dreams for the future, as many
   people do all over the world–these then become a way of doing both
   inner and outer alchemy through the transformation of waste plastic
   into a resource.  The brick making becomes a magical act to help us
   create a different future.


   Accountability. When it comes to plastic, people in privileged places
   often have an “away” mentality.  Thus, our goal is to make the plastic
   go away as soon as it no longer serves us. Plastic packaging is wanted
   till the plastic is out of the package–then it needs to go away as fast
   as possible.  Recycling allows it go away (at least mentally).  But the
   truth is this: no plastic ever goes truly away.  We are each personally
   responsible for the plastic we create demand for: from being willing to
   purchase plastic products to forgetting one’s reusable grocery bags and
   asking for plastic, that plastic is now yours.  Ecobricks allows us to
   take a personal responsibility for plastics.   And responsibility
   changes our relationship not only with the plastic, but with the land,
   who suffers too often from humanity’s plastic addiction.


   Ecobricks as a Transitioning Technology. Obviously, plastic is not
   sustainable–the very opposite. We know that plastic, out in the
   ecosystem, causes serious concernes environmntally and for the health
   of all beings.  A lot of people are moving away from plastic, into zero
   waste lifestyles, and really evaluating the plastic in their lives.
   Ecobricks are a transition tool–the more plastic you are able to lock
   up in ecobricks, the more you don’t allow back into the environment.
   This page explains this concept more in depth.


   I hope that the above is enough to convince you that this is a great
   possibility for your own plastic!  Now let’s take a look at how to make
   the bricks and what projects you can build with them.


Making an Ecobrick: Step by Step Instructions

   The process of making an ecobrick simple, and I’ll walk through it step
   by step.  First you gather up your materials.  Since I’m working on a
   “big project” that will probably require several hundred bricks, I’m
   being really methodical about it.  I keep every bit of non-recyclable
   plastic in plastic bags and keep these near the recycling, compost,
   vermicompst, and trash in my home.  Thus, there are now five options:
   vermicompost for coffee grounds and food scraps, compost for any other
   organic material, recycling for regular materials that can be recycled,
   and the ecobrick station for everything else.  This means very little
   goes in the trash! I also am prepared to gather up any excess plastic
   in other locations that I frequent–my workplace, places I hike, etc.
   I’m also in the process of recruiting friends and family to help me
   create more ecobricks or, at the least, save me their plastic for me to
   create more.


   In this first image, this is a collection of a about a month of saving
   plastic from the sources listed above.  Into my wheelbarrow goes
   everything from: unavoidable one use plastic (such as straws, plastic
   silverware), twist ties, bread bags, styrofoam, plastic baggies,
   plastic packaging, films, wraps, and so forth.  I gathered a lot of
   this from my workplace and also as trash along the side of the road or
   in the woods. Once you start collecting, you’ll be surprised how easy
   it is to collect and how quickly you can gather enough for one brick.
   For example, a local picnic used 15 plastic tablecloths, which I
   gathered up and stuffed into a brick, making almost one full brick from
   that single picnic!

   Here are two more photos of some of the selection from my most recent
   ecobrick making time: some food packaging that isn’t recyclable from
   bread, quinoa, and avocado, just to give you an idea:

   Unrecyclable plastic avocado bag with preening goose in background

   The world is full of this stuff!  You can find it at your house, at
   your work, littered in parking lots, in the woods, at the beach…you get
   the idea!

   Once you’ve gathered your supplies, you will also need some 1 or 2
   liter soda bottles.  If you don’t produce them yourself, a walk down
   the street of any urban or suburban area on recycling day is sure to
   produce many for you!  Or just ask people you know who drink soda. I
   usually store these in the same box I am gathering up my materials.

   Goose inspection of my bottles

   I usually gather stuff up for a while, and then make a few ecobricks at
   the same time.  Once you hvae your material, you can begin stuffing
   your bottles. You might want to include some nice colored plastic on
   the bottom of your bottle. The reason you might want something nice
   colored is that when you build with them, if you choose to let the
   bottoms be seen, you can have different colors! Certainly, you want
   something soft so you can stuff it into the cracks, so don’t use any
   hard plastic for this purpose.

   Bottom of bottle

   The technique is very simple, however, there are a few tricks to make
   really good bricks. First, you want a stick or dowel rod so as you get
   almost full, you can shove it down and keep stuffing further.
   Ecobricks need to be carefully compacted without much give or when used
   as a building material, a poor brick can compromise the structure.
   Stuffing the bricks as full as possible and using some muscle to push
   down the brick is necessary. Sometimes, larger materials can be twisted
   into the bricks. Other times, I’ve found I have to cut them into
   smaller pieces to have them fit (especially true for thicker plastics).

   Stuffing an ecobrick with Widdershins’ supervision


   Twist method for a plastic bag

   Fill up your ecobrick with plastic, stuffing down with the stick
   several times as it gets full. When you can’t add any more and the
   brick is firm, you can finish it by adding a cap. Your brick is done!
   If you want, you can register it at GoBrik.com and it will keep track
   for you of how much plastic you stored and how much C02 you saved.
   You’ll also get a brick number label and you can contribute your
   ecobrick to any number of ecobrick projects (or start one of your own).

   Three recent ecobricks!

   I have found that each ecobrick takes maybe 20 minutes to make, once
   you sit down and do it.  I usually only make 2 at a time because it
   takes a lot of muscle to make them!   They also take a lot more plastic
   than you would think–the last few I made, I counted and they took
   between 35-50 distinct pieces of plastic, depending on the size.  You
   can also invite others to gather up their plastics and come over and
   have an ecobrick party!



Travel Ecobricks

   What is fun about this process is that it has been deeply empowering.
   Rather than lamenting each piece of plastic I threw away that wasn’t
   recyable, I’m now seeking out waste plastic for my bricks.  For
   example, during a recent trip to Lake Erie with friends we had a few
   opportunities to do some beachcombing.  I was picking up plastic all
   over the beach and stuffing it in a found 2 liter bottle, which I
   brought home.  While I used to pick up trash only to recycle what I can
   and throw the rest away, I now can lock up that plastic in a brick that
   will be a resource.  Just this past week, I had a picnic lunch for work
   as part of our opening year activities and I gathered up everyone’s
   waste straws, plastic bags, and chip bags for my brick.


   There’s lots of ways to easily collect plastic. Take an empty 2-liter
   bottle and a dowel rod with you when you go anywhere or anywhere you
   might spend time that generates plastic. A small one can fit in a purse
   or bag, even.  Thus,  I now have an ecobrick in my car, I have one at
   my workplace, I have one in my purse.  I recently went camping and took
   one with me (and finished it in one weekend by collecting plastic out
   of the woods!) I am now handing out sticks and bottles to friends and
   family, and asking them to make them for me (yes, I need a lot for the
   project).  For Lughnasadh recently, we had a grove event and the grove
   helped make part of a brick.


   What I love about this is that everywhere I go, I am leaving the world
   a bit better by collecting that plastic and putting it to a productive
   use.


Building Projects

   There are great resources online that share different kinds of things
   you can do with the eocbricks.  People make walls from them, benches,
   raised beds, furnature, even whole structures!   Pintrest has a number
   of excellent boards where people are sharing ideas for using ecobricks,
   such as this one!

   My long-term plan is to create an outdoor kitchen using ecobricks,
   which I am estimating will take at least 100 ecobricks in total. The
   ecobricks will help me create the basic surfaces on which I will build
   a cob oven and will also help build counter spaces and benches.
   Ecobricks, combined with cob (a natural building material of clay,
   sand, and straw) and with a good roof, will create a long-term
   structure that will offer us many years of use–for druid grove events
   and simple family meals! Ecobricks will be part of the entire kitchen,
   and I estimate that I will need at least 100 to complete the project!
   Here are some of my initial plans.  Some of these things I’ve had the
   opportunity to build before, but others are new!

   Outdoor kitchen plans

   Cob oven plans


   In terms of how to build walls, seats, and more, two such videos that
   offer a good introduction:


   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/NBqV68kLMMU?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide
   =2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&start=26&wmode=transparent

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ynh0RYORsOM?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide
   =2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&start=3&wmode=transparent


   If you plan on making some ecobricks, please share your ideas and plans
   here!  I would love to hear of anyone else who has a project in mind.
   Blessings!

   Comments (29)
   Next Page »

Email Subscription

   Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive
   notifications of new posts by email.

   Join 3,536 other followers

   ____________________

   (BUTTON) Sign up for updates
   Follow The Druid's Garden on WordPress.com

Search The Druid’s Garden

   Search for: ____________________ Search

Support the Plant Spirit Oracle!

   Click here to support the Plant Spirit Oracle project! Plant Spirit
   Oracle - preorder today!

Archives

   Archives [Select Month_______]

Categories

   Categories[Select Category________________________]

Top Posts & Pages

     * Ecoregional Druidry: A Druid's Wheel of the Year
     * Ancient Order of Druids in America
     * Making Smudge Sticks from Homegrown Plants and Wildharvested
       Materials: Step by Step Instructions with Cedar, Rosemary, Sage,
       Mugwort, and More!
     * Making Berry Inks (Huckleberry, Raspberry, Blackberry, Pokeberry,
       etc.)
     * Trees and Plants
     * Four Sacred Trees Brew (Druidic, Magical Tree Tea with Hickory,
       Pine, Birch, and Maple)
     * The Wheel of the Year in the Druid Tradition – Description of
       Druidic Holidays
     * Sacred Tree Profile: Sassafras' Medicine, Magic, Mythology and
       Meaning
     * Sacred Gardening through the Three Druid Elements - Designing
       Sacred Spaces and Planting Rituals
     * About the Druid

Druids Garden Instagram: Latest Images!

   There was an error retrieving images from Instagram. An attempt will be
   remade in a few minutes.

Druid’s Garden on Facebook

     Druid’s Garden on Facebook

Tag Cloud

   animism anthropocene apple awen balance bard bardic arts bees chickens
   climate change community compost connection creativity dandelion druid
   druid garden druid land healing druid philosophy druid ritual Druidry
   druid tree workings earth energy fire food foraging forests fracking
   gardening growing growth healing healing the land health hemlock
   herbalism herbs history land land healing lawn learning life magic
   meditation mushrooms natural building nature ogham peace permaculture
   permaculture design plants regeneration ritual sacred space samhain
   seeds sheet mulching snow soil solstice Spirit spring equinox summer
   solstice sustainability tree tree magic trees water white pine
   Wildcrafting winter winter solstice



Blogroll

     * A Druid Way
     * Laura Bruno's Blog
     * Loamology Blog
     * Star and Thorn Botanicals: My Herbalism Blog
     * The Druid's Well



My Projects

     * Druid's Garden Art
     * The Plant Spirit Oracle
     * The Tarot of Trees



Websites about Druidry

     * Ancient Order of Druids in America
     * AODA's Trilithon Journal
     * Order of Bards, Ovates, and Druids





   Get a free blog at WordPress.com Release.
   RSS Comments RSS Blog at WordPress.com.

   The Druid's Garden
   Blog at WordPress.com.


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   Cancel Reblog Post
