     * English
       ENGLISHDEUTSCHESPAÑOLITALIANONEDERLANDSFRANÇAIS
     * Privacy Policy
     * Legal Notice

     * Home
     * Register
     * Login
     * |
     * Publisher

   [smartclip_logo_0.png]
   (BUTTON)
     * Home
     * Register
     * Login
     * Privacy Policy
     * Legal Notice
     * English
          + ENGLISH
          + DEUTSCH
          + ESPAÑOL
          + ITALIANO
          + NEDERLANDS
          + FRANÇAIS

     * This link was not found in the system.

   ×
     * smartclip Privacy Goals
     * Overview smartclip Technology Platforms & Applications
     * Purpose of Data Collection - why do we collect personal data?
     * Legal Base for Processing User Data
     * Which data is stored, where and how long?
     * Data Processing outside the European Union
     * Recipient categories of personal data from smartclip and purposes
       of processing
     * Your rights as a Data Subject
     * How to get in contact with us for privacy matters?
     * Important Legal Contact Information
     * Privacy Seals from external Auditors
     * List of Subprocessor or Data Transfer Partnerships
     * Opt Out

smartclip Privacy Goals

   Online advertising is currently in the focus of the public discussion.
   Recent press about the manipulation of elections and political
   decisions of internet users on social media sites like Facebook have
   shown, that the threat of user data being abused for particular
   interests of unnamed actors is real. Unfortunately we also observe,
   that while born as a medium of free and unlimited information exchange,
   the internet is now turning into a means of user superveillance and
   governmental control in a growing number of countries. Therefore it is
   our strong believe at smartclip, that any usage of user data for
   commercial purposes (like online advertising) has to follow strict
   ethical standards to avoid any abuse by third parties.

   We still think, that online advertising is an important pillar to
   maintain a free and open internet for everybody. We do not think, that
   an internet, where all relevant and high quality content is hidden
   behind paywalls is something we should aim for. Therefore keeping
   online marketing attractive for advertisers, while at the same time
   ensuring a pleasant and safe advertising experience for the end user
   remains our main goal.

   To be able to keep online advertising attractive, the usage of personal
   data from end users who are visiting the websites of our publisher
   partners is required. Basic functionality, e.g. avoiding that you see
   the same advertisement all the time, but also more sophisticated
   functionality, e.g. showing only relevant and interesting
   advertisements to you, requires the usage of cookies - which are
   currently demonized to some degree. Unfortunately, the public
   discussion here lacks differentiation. It is a myth, that using user
   information for online advertising inevitably means to stalk users on
   every step they take or every click they do. Technically, it is
   absolutely feasible to strictly limit the usage of information about
   users to a degree, which makes it completely impossible for any third
   party to abuse this data or to relate it to any real world individual.

   And this is exactly what we are aiming for at smartclip:

   We want to enable an attractive online advertising experience for both
   end users and our advertising clients for the benefit of a free and
   open internet. To do so smartclip will make usage of personal data, but
   only with regards to anonymous identifiers (e.g. stored in cookies) and
   only to an extent, that makes it impossible to relate this information
   to any real world person. smartclip does not and will not process or
   use data like email addresses, names, phone numbers, etc, which
   directly refers to named individuals.

Overview smartclip Technology Platforms & Applications

   smartclip is operating a proprietary technology platform (usually
   referred to as SmartX or ATVx) which helps publishers and broadcasters
   to monetize their offerings by displaying interactive advertising.

Advertising on Web & Mobile Devices

   Here is the the general functionality for serving advertisements on web
   and mobile devices:

   The key workflow is triggered by a user, who is visiting the
   publisher’s website by requesting the website URL through the browser.
     * When the website is displayed in the browser an ad tag from
       smartclip is executed, which triggers a request (“adrequest”) to
       the smartclip adserving SSP / adserving system (“platform”) to
       receive an advertisement from smartclip.
     * smartclip is cooperating with different 3rd parties to ensure a
       sufficient amount of campaigns and thus monetization for the
       publisher:
          + If there is no eligible campaign in the smartclip platform,
            smartclip is forwarding the adrequest to Demand Side Platforms
            (“DSP”) which are aggregating advertiser campaigns for
            delivery on 3rd party websites.
          + If a creative from a 3rd party DSP has been selected and
            delivered to the user by the platform the DSPs again might
            trigger other 3rd party services (e.g. for audience or brand
            safety measurement).
          + For any creative shown, smartclip is also triggering requests
            to 3rd party brand safety measurement vendors, which are
            measuring the compliance of the website and the creative
            displayed with the expectation of the advertisers.
          + Furthermore, smartclip is synchronizing anonymous user IDs
            with 3rd party Data Management Platforms (DMPs) and also with
            the DSPs to be able to match users to user information on that
            3rd party systems.
     * After the ad delivery process smartclip is aggregating the amount
       of delivered creatives incl. certain standard KPIs (e.g. click
       through rates, view through rates etc.). This information is used
       to invoice the advertisers and DSPs and to distribute the collected
       revenue share to the publishers.

Advertising & Analytics on Smart TVs

   Business Model (applies for Germany, Italy)
     * smartclip is cooperating with TV broadcasters to offer two main
       services:
          + Reach & activity measurement of TV consumption of the
            broadcaster operated channels (only on SmartTV sets, connected
            to the internet with activated HbbTV services).
          + Delivery of graphical or video advertising on top of the
            linear TV signal.
     * smartclip is cooperating with advertisers to offer two main
       services:
          + Delivery of graphical or video advertisements on the
            aggregated channels of smartclip’s broadcaster partners.
          + Targeting & selling digital advertising on web & mobile
            devices, which can be associated with a TV set with digital
            advertisements related on TV viewing information of the TV set
            (household targeting).

   General Workflow
     * When a TV set (HbbTV activated & connected to the internet) is
       switching the broadcaster channel which is cooperating with
       smartclip, the broadcasting signal contains a URL, which is
       triggering the TV set to load an application from a smartclip
       server.
     * The application allows smartclip to steer the delivery of
       advertising (by triggering the adrequest with the process described
       above). The application also triggers a signal, when the user
       switches in or away from the channel and every two minutes a
       heartbeat signal, as long as the channel is switched on.
     * Broadcasters can send the eligible time frames, in which smartclip
       is allowed to deliver advertisements, via an API to smartclip.
     * After an anonymization process smartclip is storing the times a TV
       set has been switched in to a channel and merges this information
       with the EPG information of the broadcasters. This enables
       smartclip to select & target anonymized TV devices based on viewing
       behavior.

Differentiation to the SpotX Technology Platform

   smartclip is proud to have been merged with SpotX - the world biggest
   independent platform for digital video advertising. Still smartclip and
   SpotX are operating two different technology platforms which are
   closely integrated to each other. Although SpotX and smartclip are
   following a unified privacy protection approach and philosophy, all
   descriptions, policies, processes etc. are solely referring to the
   smartclip platform, which is operated in Europe.

   For more information about privacy related to the SpotX technology,
   SpotX has set up its own privacy information page under
   https://www.spotx.tv/privacy-policy.

   SpotX and smartclip have furthermore formed a privacy guild, which is
   fully focused on a sustainable implementation of strict privacy
   protection within the whole company. You can find more general
   information about our GDPR activities on the SpotX corporate blog
   https://www.spotx.tv/resources/blog (search for the keyword GDPR).

Purpose of Data Collection - why do we collect personal data?

   The usage of audience data is to one part technically mandatory to
   achieve a good advertising experience for you as a website visitor, but
   it also supports the efficient usage of marketing budgets by
   advertisers. Hence, not only publishers but also advertisers have a
   commercial interest in online marketing supported by audience targeting
   algorithms.

Storing anonymous identifiers

   Anonymous identifiers are stored by your browser in cookies which are
   small files created in a specific directory on your device. Cookies are
   usually created automatically, but you can adjust the behaviour and
   even delete your cookies manually if needed.

Usage of anonymous identifiers

Data collection for steering the displaying of advertisements to website
visitors, app users or TV viewers

   The most important purpose of using anonymous identifiers is to be able
   to control and count the amount of advertising which is shown to the
   users on their web, mobile and TV devices. We use identifiers for:
     * Controlling the frequency of how often the user is seeing the same
       advertisement (frequency capping)
     * Counting impressions, clicks and viewing completion rates of
       advertisements
     * Counting the unique number of users / devices who have seen a
       certain advertisement within a certain frequency
     * Being able to prefer users in advertising delivery who are likely
       to interact or fully view an advertisement
     * Being able to prefer users for ad display who seem to belong to a
       certain age range or gender based on websites these user prefer.
       Goal is to show more relevant advertisements.

   What you can see from all those purposes of data collection, is that
   you as a user benefit from it, especially by not being bothered by the
   same advertisement dozens of times or seeing irrelevant ads, e.g seeing
   an ad for diapers while being a silver haired single. This is directly
   contributing to a positive internet usage experience for you.

   Being able to count impressions, clicks and to measure ad consumptions
   are important functionalities for advertisers as well. They are paying
   publishers for every ad they show and need to have reliable numbers for
   this. Also advertisers need to understand how users are interacting
   with their creatives, because also advertisers want to present
   entertaining advertisements which are able to gain the user’s
   attention.

How does that work?

   Do you think this sounds scary? Well, the technology behind it is
   really simple and harmless. The only thing we do, to enable all these
   purposes mentioned above, is to set a cookie on your browser or by
   using the advertiser ID which is created by your mobile device.

   The reason why we need this ID is very simple: since we do not know who
   you are, we still need to be able to recognize you, when you are having
   contacts to smartclip ads to understand, if you have seen an
   advertisement already.

   Storing an anonymous number in your browser or using the replaceable
   Advertisement ID of your device is a very simple way to do that. Since
   the number does not tell us anything about your name, email address
   etc. it is also a user and privacy friendly way to enable this. These
   IDs are just randomly generated numbers, which are completely unrelated
   to any data, which would allow us (or anyone else) to identify you as
   person. No one can use the ID to figure out who you really are.

Building interest profiles on user contacts with certain websites, apps or TV
shows (only used at smartclip Germany)

   Now it is time to talk about the scary stuff - building user profiles
   based on their surfing behavior. Exactly that stuff casts dark shadows
   on online advertising. The nightmare scenario related to that, is
   usually a dark vision of soulless intelligent machines, which are
   tracking every step the users takes and every action they do on their
   devices and use this information to build the fully transparent human
   being - influenced by secret algorithms to make them to will-less
   consumers …

   You think, that this is a nightmare? Well, we completely agree!
   Therefore, we have a chosen a very careful approach to building
   behavioral profiles. We strictly limit this to the absolute minimum we
   need to be able to accomplish that advertising opportunities are used
   efficiently and not wasted for showing irrelevant ads. We have spend a
   lot of thinking in finding a way to build these individual profiles,
   but to make sure that they remain irreversibly anonymous. We will
   describe in the following paragraphs what we do and how the data is
   used.

   The idea and algorithm behind this profiling activity is very simple.
   We try to guess your general interests by remembering, on which
   websites you have seen an advertising from us. A simple example: let us
   assume our system has observed, that you have seen three times an
   advertisement from us on the website “cars.com” within the last 30
   days.  In this case it is likely, that you are interested in cars and
   to some degree it is more likely that you are male than a female. In
   this case it might be interesting for a car advertiser to preferably
   display ads to users, who share this behavior. These users are assigned
   to a so-called segment by the campaign manager at smartclip. Later on
   this segment can be used to show advertisements by this car advertiser.

   The same mechanism is applied for TV shows viewed by the users on Smart
   TVs which are enabled for HbbTV. smartclip is also creating anonymous
   user IDs for TV devices, which are stored in cookies as well. Whenever
   a device is switched to a broadcaster station, which is cooperating
   with smartclip, we know which program is shown and can build segments
   of users, who e.g. like cooking shows or news.

   It is very important to note, that these segments are created
   advertiser-specific by manually defined rules. We do NOT permanently
   try to put you into behavioral “baskets”. Instead we only do this, if
   it is relevant for a certain advertiser. Furthermore, we do not know
   for sure, if you e.g. are a male for a female. If you are surfing sites
   about beer frequently, there is a higher chance, that you are male. But
   still this prediction is only a guess. Also, these segmentations are
   only temporary and usually “forgotten” after 30 days. We only keep
   segment information for longer periods, if needed for long running or
   repeating campaigns.

How does segmentation work technically?

   Actually the technical approach again is based on anonymous user IDs.
   I.e. we just use the randomly generated number to recognize a device
   and put it into a specific segment basket for typical one time use. For
   us the only information we know about “you” is in fact a cryptic user
   ID as shown above, with cryptic segment IDs, which your user ID has
   been qualified for. None of these IDs could be used to resolve your
   name, email address or anything else.

Are anonymous identifiers really ensuring anonymity of your data?

   Yes, there is practically no way, we could find out who you are by
   looking at the anonymous user ID. It would require us to have physical
   and software access to all devices which have been in contact to
   smartclip ads and to identify who is owning and using them. Then we
   would need to read the device IDs stored on all of them to finally find
   out, which one of those is yours. We hope you agree, that this
   is practically impossible. That is also the reason, why you should be
   skeptical, when cookies are demonized in the public discussion about
   online marketing. If cookies are used in a responsible manner, there is
   absolutely no privacy risk attached to it for the end user.

   However, there is an Achilles heel in the game, which is the IP
   address, from which your device is calling the ads from our servers.
   The IP address is required in any internet communication and therefore
   transferred in adrequests to our systems. Since IP addresses of users
   normally are provided by ISPs or telecommunication companies to you, it
   would be possible to use the IP address to find out who you are. To do
   so, we would still need to force the ISP company by legal means to
   disclose your name to us. However this scenario is much more likely
   than smartclip employees breaking into millions of houses. Therefore
   the IP address needs to be treated with special care to make sure, you
   anonymity is safely protected. How we make use of IP addresses and what
   we do to protect your anonymity is described in the next section.

Usage of the IP address

   As described above the IP address is transferred to the smartclip
   systems in the moment where an advertisement is requested from a user
   device. smartclip is using the IP addresses for four different
   purposes.

Resolving the geographic location from the user’s device

   Some advertisers are selling their products only in certain countries
   regions or cities. For this reason advertisers want to avoid, that
   advertisements are shown in regions, where their products are not sold,
   because this would be a waste of money. The IP address can be used to
   roughly determine the geographic location of a user. By this users can
   be targeted on country, state and (with limited accuracy) also on a
   city level/postal code level. For this purpose smartclip resolves the
   IP address to a geographic location by using an external geographical
   database.  The IP address is also forwarded to sub-processor and buying
   partners for this purpose.

Fraud detection

   Unfortunately, advertising fraud has become a serious problem in online
   marketing. Ad fraud usually means, that advertisements are displayed on
   artificial websites, where impressions are artificially generated and
   not by real human beings. The damage from fraudulent advertising is
   serious and estimated to be in the range of hundreds of million USD per
   year. To detect such fraudulent sites, the IP address plays a vital
   role. Botnets, which are inducing ad fraud are usually working with a
   limited range of IP addresses. For this reason IP addresses are so
   important for fraud prevention. Also buying partners and smartclip
   sub-processors are relying on the IP address for fraud detection.

Building group of devices associated with a TV set

   One of the unsolved problems in digital marketing is the ability to
   optimize advertising frequencies for individuals across different
   device groups (like TV, web and mobile devices). I.e. it is currently
   not reliably possible to optimize ad delivery to the same individual on
   the TV set and other devices at the same time.

   To give a simple example - let us assume an advertiser knows, that his
   ads for a certain product should be seen by a user 5 times to make him
   aware of the advertised product. With the current state of technology
   this cannot be achieved across TV and web devices at the same time.
   Since ad delivery systems for TV and web devices usually are different
   technologies, an overall optimization so far has not been possible.
   I.e. up to now the system for the delivery on the TV system could not
   “know”, that a user with a particular user ID has already seen the
   specific ad 3 time on his web device and therefore only needs 2
   additional ad contacts on TV. This led to substantial inefficiencies
   for advertisers, since they could not reliably plan their campaigns and
   often reached not enough users or had too many ad contacts per user
   because of this technical shortfall.

   smartclip has developed a technology which supports the delivery of
   advertisements on TV and web devices through the same platform. With
   this it became possible to optimize campaign delivery across TV, web
   and also mobile devices. However to be able to identify which web or
   mobile device belongs to a TV set, smartclip needs to match the
   different devices. For this purpose smartclip is using the IP address
   as well. When a TV and a mobile or web device are reaching the
   smartclip system from the same IP address smartclip assumes, that these
   signals are coming from the same household and establishes a connection
   between the TV set and the web or mobile device.

How do we make sure that data remains anonymous when using IP addresses?

   The potential vulnerability of user privacy by processing the IP
   address has been addressed early on by smartclip. We have built several
   layers of protection to make sure, that anonymity is granted for users,
   who are getting in contact with smartclip advertisements.

   Protection Layer 1: IP address anonymization service

   smartclip has separated the processing of the IP address for geographic
   location and device matching from the ad delivery system. I.e. before
   the IP address reaches smartclip’s core system, where data is stored,
   it is shortened and hashed by an anonymization service. This service
   only determines the geographic information. Afterwards the service
   truncates and encrypts the IP address, before it is passed on to the
   smartclip core system. The original address is not stored and dropped
   after the encryption. By this the only information stored on smartclip
   servers cannot be restored anymore to the original IP address. Hence,
   the only piece of information, which could be used to identify you as a
   real world person is irreversibly destroyed.

   Protection Layer 2: Grouping of IP addresses before matching devices

   Since building connections between devices is nothing a user would
   naturally expect to happen, when surfing the internet or watching smart
   TV, smartclip has put specific attention on the full anonymization of
   any device matching. Again the IP address is is the critical data
   point. Since the IP address is used to do the matching, it would be
   relatively easy to assign a household to real world persons and to
   conclude on their interests and behaviors. Therefore smartclip has
   built in a safety mechanism, which completely prevents that.
   Again the mechanism is quite simple - we are not matching devices based
   on single IP addresses, but only based on groups of five IP addresses
   at the same time.

   Let’s explain that in more detail - assume we would live in a world of
   only 5 TV sets and 5 mobile devices (with each mobile device belonging
   to exactly one TV set) and with only 5 IP addresses (e.g. like 120 /
   121 /122 / 123 / 124). If we now would use a single IP address for
   matching the TV set with a mobile devices, we would get scaringly
   precise information. We could exactly determine, which real world TV
   set is belonging to which mobile device and to which IP address. I.e.
   we would build exact profiles per person.  However, we are in a totally
   different game, if we are not using single IP addresses, but instead do
   the match on 5 IP addresses at the same time (i.e. here we would count
   all IP addresses which start with 12x as a match). Now the matching is
   totally vague. We are not anymore able to determine which device group
   is coming from which IP address.  And this exactly is, what an
   anonymization mechanism has ensure: that no conclusion to a
   determinable individual is possible.

   Protection Layer 3: Minimizing the usage of the remaining data

   For building these cross device profile we are again minimizing the
   usage of your data. We are also only matching devices around TV sets
   and do NOT try to find out if e.g. a mobile and a PC are connected
   without the reference to a TV set. I.e. if we are building TV usage
   profiles like described above, we are only building them for a group of
   devices, as a whole, but not for you individually.  By this we are
   making the collected information even more fuzzy, which again prevents,
   that anybody could conclude on you as an individual from our data. You
   again remain completely anonymous.

No usage of smartclip data for user scoring or automated contract decisioning

   Just for the sake of clarity: None of the anonymous user profiles,
   which smartclip is generating is used for any decision making or
   scoring related to automated decision making processes (e.g. online
   loans, ecommerce transactions etc.). The data we are collecting is
   fully anonymized and cannot be related to you as a real world
   individual.

Legal Base for Processing User Data

Cookie Opt in / Opt Out in accordance with the national implementation of the
ePrivacy Regulation of 2008 (Directive 95/46/EC)

Cookies set by websites or apps from publishers or broadcasters who are
working with smartclip

   The ePrivacy Regulation from 2008 determined the currently valid
   regulations for the usage of cookies for online marketing. This
   regulation has been implemented differently within the countries
   belonging to the European Union. Some countries are still considering
   an opt out possibility to be sufficient, while in many countries
   so-called “Cookie banners” or “Cookie walls” have become the market
   standard for the usage of cookies. Although with the new GDPR many
   privacy regulations have been changed, the current ePrivacy guidelines
   remain valid legislation. Therefore, you should still see cookie walls
   or being offered opt out opportunities when surfing the web.

   For most of the data smartclip is handling, smartclip is acting as a
   processor, i.e. the data is sent to smartclip from websites, apps or
   smart TVs which are operated by other companies (referred to as
   “publishers” in the following). smartclip is only processing data from
   these companies if a valid data processing agreement is in place, which
   also foresees the obligation of the publisher to only send data to
   smartclip, for which the publisher has requested a cookie opt in or opt
   out possibility, in accordance with the regulations and practices in
   your country.

   If you feel, that information about you is stored without your consent
   or sufficient information, we recommend you to check your browsing
   history, if websites or apps you have visited are providing sufficient
   information or cookie guidance (in line with the regulations for cookie
   consent in your country). In cases, where publishers do not provide
   sufficient cookie information, please address that with the publisher
   directly. You can also notify us in these cases, if such a publisher is
   displaying advertisements from smartclip by sending an email to the
   following email address: privacy@smartclip.com.

   It is pretty easy for you to check, if you have been in contact with
   advertisement from smartclip. You just need to open the browser you are
   using for surfing the internet and look for the browser settings. There
   should be a “privacy” or “browser data” section, where you can find
   which internet domains are storing cookies on your device. If you find
   a cookie originating from “smartclip.net” this points to a contact to a
   smartclip advertisement. You can easily delete this (and all other
   cookies) in your browser. Once you delete your cookies, the formerly
   provided user ID is gone and cannot be related to information stored at
   smartclip anymore. If you should see cookies from smartclip.com, then
   those are just session cookies you have obtained, when visiting our
   website or our privacy portal, which is hosted in Germany.

   Cookies which are set on TV devices are based on the permission to set
   them obtained by the broadcaster directly from you. This is usually the
   case when you are using so-called “red button applications” on your
   smart TV. Usually you are invited to use them, when you are switching
   to a broadcast station, which is offering these services. They should
   point you to the terms and conditions and their privacy statement, when
   using them. Usually here you will find all informations where and why
   cookies are set.

   In some cases smartclip is integrated directly into the broadcaster
   channel to display advertising and to do TV consumption analytics as
   described above without any red button application involved. In these
   cases smartclip has informed you when switching in to the channel, the
   first time our application is launched or is pointing to the privacy
   terms when presenting an advertisement to you (in Germany). You can
   still open up our privacy terms on your TV set any time when switched
   in to these channels by pressing the blue bottom of your remote
   control. From there you can also opt out from our measurement service
   any time you want. Furthermore, we are pointing at our privacy terms
   every time, we are presenting an advertisement to you.

Behavioral segmentation and IP address usage based on legitimate interest
according to Article 6.1 lit. f  GDPR

   smartclip is cooperating with website owners or website aggregators
   (“publishers”) to sell digital video advertising on the publisher’s
   website. For doing this smartclip is usually receiving a certain share
   of the advertising revenue, which has been generated for a publisher.
   These activities are important pillars for publishers to refinance the
   production of video and website content you mostly can consume free of
   charge.

   Online advertising has become an established marketing channel,
   meanwhile accounting roughly for 20% of all advertising spendings.
   Therefore, it is not only an important means of advertisers to reach
   audiences with marketing messages, it also became a very important
   income stream for publishers to monetize their content and provide
   internet services free of charge for their users. That means smartclip
   and all involved business partners have a comprehensible and legitimate
   interest to make use of the personal data.

   smartclip is processing anonymous identifiers and IP addresses solely
   for the purposes, which have been described above. For every data point
   smartclip is using, the relevant use cases have been defined and an
   assessment has been conducted if the interest of smartclip in using
   that data point is in balance with the user interest in privacy. This
   assessment has been discussed and audited by external privacy experts
   and auditors. smartclip is not processing name, email addresses or
   sensitive data categories according to Article 6.1 lit. f GDPR.
   smartclip is not consciously or specifically collecting data from
   children.

   It is smartclip’s explicit goal to limit the usage of personal data to
   such a minimum, that the anonymity of the end user remains protected at
   all times. Therefore, smartclip’s usage of personal data does not
   create any potential threat to our data subjects. Even in the case of
   data leaks or data losses in smartclip’s system, the affected data
   could not be reassigned to identifiable individuals. We strongly
   believe, that with this “privacy by design” approach, we are fully
   respecting and protecting the interest of our users in their privacy.

Which data is stored, where and how long?

   smartclip is storing personal data only when necessary and only as long
   as reasonably needed to conduct its regular business. smartclip is not
   storing IP addresses, but only their truncated and encrypted hashes.

   IP address hashes and anonymous identifiers related to advertising
   contacts (i.e. adrequest, bidrequest, impression and click data) are
   stored in log files. Log files are required for smartclip’s advertising
   and publisher partners in cases of disputes. Log files contain the user
   ID, browser, date, time, website url, hashed IP address, operating
   system and device type on which the advertisement has been shown. If
   advertisers or publishers are counting deviating numbers of ad
   impressions, this can lead to disputes about the payments to make to or
   from smartclip. In such cases log files are the only means of proof to
   validate the accuracy of smartclip invoices or credit notes. Log files
   are also required to generate aggregated reports about advertising
   campaign delivery on websites, which are provided to smartclip’s
   clients. In cases, where the data aggregation fails, server log files
   are needed to restore this information. We are storing log files for a
   term of four months. Usually reporting issues or invoice disputes are
   not occurring later than that period.

   Anonymous identifiers and their assignment to segments are stored in a
   key value database and for TV analytics within specialized analytical
   databases. User IDs stored in cookies and the related information are
   deleted 30 days after the last contact. Cookies on TV devices are set
   for a lifetime of 1 year. We are using longer expiration periods,
   because we need the cookies on TV sets to manage opt in or opt out
   information. Cookies which are storing opt out information are set for
   a lifetime of 10 years. Raw data in our TV analytics database is stored
   for 45 days. As written above segmentation cookies are set for campaign
   specific periods usually in the range of 30 to 90 days.

Data Processing outside the European Union

   smartclip itself is not processing personal data outside the European
   Union. smartclip is hosting its infrastructure on Amazon Webservice
   only in data centers in Germany and Dublin. However smartclip is
   working with sub-processors and companies, who are processing data on
   servers within the United States. This processing is happening based on
   appropriate safeguards and binding corporate rules according to
   Articles 46/47 GDPR. For more information please visit the
   sub-processor web pages as listed in our privacy portal below.

Recipient categories of personal data from smartclip and purposes of
processing

   smartclip is cooperating with different 3rd parties to ensure a
   sufficient amount of campaigns on our publishers and broadcaster
   inventories.

Agencies and direct advertisers

   Agencies and direct advertisers are booking campaigns to run on
   inventory sold by smartclip. Partly, agencies and advertisers are using
   3rd party technology to deliver the advertisements on the pages of
   smartclip publishers (so-called agency adservers). In these cases the
   adrequest is forwarded from the user’s device to the agency adserver,
   which is then serving the ad to this user.

   When the adrequest is forwarded to the agency adserver, the IP address
   of the users device is also transferred to this system. Furthermore the
   agency adserver can also set cookies on the user device. The creative
   which is served to the user can also contain links to other third party
   systems. Therefore adserving through agency adservers can be a door
   opener for the undesired leakage of personal data to third parties.

   smartclip is applying three different approaches to prevent this kind
   of data leakage:
    1. Whitelisting of 3rd party adservers and measurement systems by
       closing own data processing agreements with these companies
       Here smartclip is entering into direct relationships with relevant
       third parties and agrees with them if and to which extent personal
       data coming from smartclip systems is used. This provides a
       contractual framework and control rights for smartclip to avoid
       undesired data usage. smartclip will then generally allow adserving
       from and using these 3rd parties within creative code.

    2. Direct agreement with agencies or direct advertisers with an agreed
       framework for personal data usage
       Here smartclip is entering into direct relationships with the
       agency or the advertisers and agrees with them if and to which
       extent personal data coming from smartclip systems is used. In this
       case the agencies or advertisers are agreeing on a list of 3rd
       party partners the agency will use. In this case all advertisements
       from the agency will be served by smartclip. Also here smartclip
       establishes a contractual framework with control rights for
       smartclip to avoid undesired data leakage.
    3. Blocking of 3rd party trackers and links from unknown companies
       If smartclip is having no contractual agreement with the 3rdy party
       or the agency, smartclip will mask links to and trackers coming
       from unknown third parties. The smartclip masking service prevents
       that IP addresses are transferred or cookies can be set by unknown
       or not whitelisted 3rd parties.

Demand Side Platforms (DSP)

   Demand Side Platforms are important partners of smartclip. DSPs are
   used by agencies or advertisers (in the following referred to as
   buyers) to buy inventory for running their online campaigns. smartclip
   is selling advertising opportunities with an auction mechanism through
   these DSPs, i.e. if smartclip receives an ad opportunity from a web
   page or an app of a publisher, smartclip is forwarding this information
   to multiple DSPs in form of a bidrequest. The bidrequest carries all
   relevant information about the ad opportunity and is analyzed by the
   DSPs. If the DSPs are interested in the ad opportunity, they submit a
   bid for that ad opportunity to smartclip including a price offering.
   smartclip is then running an auction and will forward the ad
   opportunity to that DSPs, which has offered the highest bid price.

   Within the bidrequest smartclip is transferring the anonymous user ID
   and the IP address to the DSPs. DSPs are using the information for the
   same purposes as described above and to optimize their bid price
   decisions.

   To secure the data transfer to DSPs smartclip is closing data transfer
   or data processing agreements with the DSPs. These agreements foresee
   control and audit rights for smartclip and also are defining a
   framework to which extent the DPSs are using the personal data used by
   smartclip. Many of these DSPs are voluntarily undergoing external
   audits to confirm their compliance with the privacy legislation. It is
   worthwhile to note, that many of these DSPs are headquartered in the
   USA and therefore personal data can also be transferred outside the
   European Union. Please see our sub-processor and data partner list for
   more information.

Agency adservers

   As already described above agency adservers are used by buyers to
   deliver online advertisements through their own technology. The agency
   adserver comes into play, when smartclip has selected a campaign from
   the buyer, who is using it. In this case smartclip is forwarding the
   adrequest to the agency adserver and the adserver is displaying the
   creative on the device of the user.

   The reason why buyers are using their own adserving technologies is
   mostly, that they want to be able to measure the campaign and creative
   performance by themselves to not solely rely on the reportings provided
   by smartclip or their DSPs.

   As described above the agency adservers can set cookies on the user
   device and the creative code or configuration can contain links to
   unknown third parties. To avoid this kind of data leakage smartclip is
   entering into direct agreements with the agency adserving vendors to
   secure the data processing to their systems, but also to oblige these
   partner to only allow links in their creatives to third parties which
   have been whitelisted by smartclip.

Data Management Platforms

   Data Management Platforms (DMPs) are serving two different purposes.
    1. Enabling the segmentation of users based on behavioral information
       This purpose has already been described above. Here DMPs only
       create segment definitions (e.g. “mark users which have visited a
       car website at least three times in the last three months”) and
       then allow the smartclip adserver to show ads to these users.
       Hence, here the DMP is acting as a pure technical enabler of user
       segmentation.
    2. Aggregating users and user information from different sources and
       allow data sharing between different buyers
       Here DMPs are doing more than pure technical enablement, but also
       serve as marketplaces for user segments. In this scenario DMPs are
       gathering user data from different sources (e.g. online shops,
       credit card companies, apps providers etc.) where users have agreed
       to the usage of their data. Either the DMPs then just enable the
       data sources to sell the user information to other buyers or the
       DMPs build overarching profiles for those users by merging the
       information from the different sources.

   While the first purpose seems to be uncritical with regards to privacy,
   the bundling and reselling of data appears to be more sensitive. It is
   worthwhile to note here, that the trading of data is also completely
   anonymous, i.e. DMPs are not selling information about named
   individuals but only related to anonymous identifiers like smartclip is
   doing. Furthermore, if smartclip is using data from data partners this
   is limited to high level demographic criteria like age and gender and
   estimated income ranges. Therefore any data buying from smartclip is
   also following the principles of low profiling depth and strict
   anonymity. smartclip is also only working with a handful of selected
   partners - covered by data processing or data transfer agreements -
   where we can assume reliability and seriousity in the handling of any
   user data. If you should be worried about DMP partnerships, you should
   always have in mind that DMPs only know a fraction about you compared
   to Google or Facebook if you should be using them frequently.

Brand Safety and Viewability Measurement Providers

   Unfortunately, advertising fraud has become a serious problem in online
   marketing. Ad fraud usually means, that advertisements are displayed on
   artificial websites, where impressions are artificially generated and
   not by real human beings. The damage from fraudulent advertising is
   serious and estimated to be in the range of hundreds of million USD per
   year. A softer form of ad fraud is to charge for online advertisements
   which have never been viewable for a user (e.g. at the bottom of a web
   pages where the user never scrolled to).

   Meanwhile there are specialized vendors with whom smartclip is
   cooperating for the detection and prevention of ad fraud and for
   viewability measurement. Usually these vendors are executing javascript
   code, when the creative is displayed to analyze viewability and the
   context of the web page or app where the advertisement is running.

   To detect fraudulent sites, the IP address plays a vital role. Botnets,
   which are inducing ad fraud are usually working with a limited range of
   IP addresses. For this reason IP addresses are so important for fraud
   prevention and used by these vendors. Other than that, these vendors do
   not build their own user profiles or are making any other use of the
   personal data transferred by smartclip.

Your rights as a Data Subject

   The new GDPR has equipped you with substantial rights to prevent us
   (and anybody else) from making undesired use of your data. These are
   your rights as foreseen in the Art. 12-19 of the new GDPR:
     * You have the right to obtain information about if and which
       personal data from you is processed by smartclip.
     * You have the right to demand deletion of any personal data from you
       stored by us.
     * You have the right to request limiting the extent to which personal
       data from you is used by us.
     * You have the right to revoke any consent, which you have given in
       the past to process your data .
     * You have the right to receive any personal data from you, which is
       stored by us in a structured, commonly used and machine readable
       format and/or to have it transmitted directly from one controller
       to another one where technically feasible.
     * In case of questions, comments or complaints or queries related to
       our privacy policy or the processing of your data you can submit
       those in writing to our data protection officer (please see the
       contact information here).
     * You have the right to submit complaints directly at the privacy
       supervisory authority which is responsible for smartclip in case
       you are having the opinion, that our data processing practices are
       violating relevant privacy legislation.

   Please note, that for online marketing purposes we are not storing any
   information related to named individuals. All information we store are
   anonymous identifiers as well as hashed and truncated IP address
   information. Therefore, the correction or modification of data is not
   possible for us. In case of a limitation, rectification or change
   request we will simply delete your data.

How to get in contact with us for privacy matters?

General Inquiries

   If you have any personal questions you want to address via phone you
   can contact your local smartclip office during business hours. Please
   find the contact information here.

   You can also reach our central privacy support team via email at
   privacy@smartclip.com.

Submitting requests with regards to personal data from you stored by
smartclip

   Please note, that there are no formal requirements for submitting an
   information request to us. This can be done verbally or in writing. We
   still recommend to use our online contact form to do this. Here you can
   register with your email address and send us your questions, comments
   or complaints. Logging in will require an email validation, which gives
   us a minimum of certainty about the person who is requesting the
   information. In cases, where we do not have any data stored about you,
   we will respond to your submitted email address directly.

   If we should find personal data about you in our systems, we will reach
   out to you, to receive a further verification of your identity before
   we are disclosing the information to you. This process is also
   protecting you from any of your data being disclosed to unauthorized
   and unknown persons.

   We will store information requiries and our responses for 10 years in
   case of those being required for legal disputes.

Become forgotten / Opt Out

   If you do not want your data to be used by smartclip anymore, please
   follow this link or click on the Out Opt menu item.

   If you are using different web browsers and devices for surfing the
   internet, for a fully working opt-out, you need to visit this link from
   every browser and every device you are using.

   To trigger an opt out from your TV device, press on the blue button of
   your TV remote control. If your are using a red button application on
   your smart TV or an advertisement is displayed, you should see a hint
   on how to open up the privacy section. There you will find instructions
   how to opt out on your TV device.

   smartclip is also part of the EDAA youronlinechoices.eu initiative.
   Here you can manage your opt in/opt out preferences globally for all
   major European online marketing companies.

Important Legal Contact Information

Controller for data processing at smartclip

   (also acting as a Processor on behalf of local smartclip entities)

   SpotX Europe GmbH
   Überseeallee 10
   20457 Hamburg
   Phone: +49-5241-40308 - 22
   E-Mail: privacy@smartclip.com

   Executive board:
   Mike Shehan, Irina Petricek-Steiner, Thomas Servatius, Léon Siotis,
   Steve Swoboda

Processors / Sub-Processor

   Address & Representation Local smartclip Entities

Contact Information Data Protection Officer

   ePrivacy GmbH
   Represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
   Große Bleichen 21, 20354 Hamburg
   Email: privacy@smartclip.com

   This is the contact information of ePrivacy GmbH who is acting as
   external Data Protection Officer for the European smartclip Holding.
   ePrivacy GmbH has also been appointed as the Data Protection Officer
   for all smartclip subsidiaries across Europe. Please note, that
   ePrivacy GmbH is located in Germany. You can still submit privacy
   related questions in local language at your local smartclip office.
   Please find the contact information here or centrally at the email
   address: privacy@smartclip.com.

   If you have a particularly sensitive concern, please contact our data
   protection officer by post, as the communication by e-mail can always
   have security gaps.

Contact Information Privacy Supervisory Authority

   Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
   Klosterwall 6 (Block C), 20095 Hamburg
   Tel.: (040) 4 28 54 - 40 40
   E-Fax: (040) 4 279 - 11811
   E-Mail: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de

Privacy Seals from external Auditors

   smartclip has voluntarily undergone external audits by external,
   certified data protection auditors. smartclip has received several
   external certifications so far.

   smartclip complies with the requirements of the criteria catalog of
   ePrivacyseal, which is based on the applicable German or European data
   protection law. After thorough technical and legal review, the product
   "smartclip Addressable TV Platform" was certified by ePrivacy and
   awarded the ePrivacyseal privacy seal.

   Certification mark for the privacy seal by ePrivacy Consult GmbH for
   the smartclip ATVx platform (last update: April 2018 - currently
   recertification / March 2019)

   [eprivacy_seal.png]

   smartclip is a member of the European Digital Advertising Alliance
   (EDAA) and has committed to its Self-Regulatory Principles (voluntary
   commitment to behavior-based online advertising). The EDAA
   (www.edaa.eu) was founded by a European industry association comprising
   advertisers, advertising agencies, the direct marketing sector, the
   advertising sector and the media sector.

   [1552568318893.png]

   Since mid-2018, smartclip has been part of the EDAA preference
   management at www.youronlinechoices.eu (YOC) and since 30.04.2019,
   smartclip has been a certified partner in the OBA program:
   www.edaa.eu/participating-companies

   The company complies with all principles of the OBA framework and
   maintains the EDAA trustmark operated by ePrivacy.

   [IAB logo RV crop.png]

   smartclip is a member of the "GDPR Transparency & Consent Framework" of
   the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB).


List of Subprocessor or Data Transfer Partnerships

   Here is a list of all Data Partner which are either directly connected
   to the smartclip platforms. The vendor type and processing purposes
   have been described here. Please note, that not all of these
   partnerships may only be active for limited timeframes and can be
   paused in-between.
   Name of Data Partner Services More Information
   Internal Partners
   smartclip Holding AG smartclip Holding AG is the operator of the
   Adserving/SSP technology on behalf of the local smartclip entity
   https://www.privacy-portal.smartclip.net
   SpotX Inc Smartclip is buying on SpotX inventories. SpotX is a
   processor on behalf of it’s publisher partners. Therefore smartclip is
   acting a sub-processor on behalf of SpotX
   https://www.spotx.tv/privacy-policy
   Hosting Partners

   AWS
   AWS is the hosting service for the Adserving/SSP technology.
   Datacenters are only located within the EU (Ireland /Germany)
   https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy
   DSP Partners
   DBM (Google) Connected DSP https://policies.google.com
   The Tradedesk Connected DSP
   https://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy-policy

   Amobee (Turn)
   Connected DSP https://www.amobee.com/trust/privacy-guidelines
   Mediamath Connected DSP http://www.mediamath.com/privacy-policy
   DataXu Connected DSP https://www.dataxu.com/about-us/privacy
   AppNexus Connected DSP
   https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/platform-privacy-policy
   Videology Connected DSP https://videologygroup.com/en/privacy-policy

   Adform
   Connected DSP https://site.adform.com/privacy-policy-opt-out

   Metrigo
   Connected DSP https://rtb.metrigo.com/delivery/privacy
   Delta Projects Connected DSP
   http://www.deltaprojects.com/app/uploads/2018/03/gdpr-2018-2-1.pdf
   Bid Theatre Connected DSP https://www.bidtheatre.com/privacy-policy
   MobPro Connected DSP https://www.mobpro.com/privacy.html
   Active Agent Connected DSP
   http://www.active-agent.com/de/unternehmen/opt-out
   Verizon Media (aka Yahoo/Oath)
   Connected DSP http://privacy.aol.com
   Liquid M Connected DSP https://liquidm.com/privacy-policy
   DSPX Connected DSP http://screenondemand.de/datenschutz
   Criteo Connected DSP https://www.criteo.com/privacy
   Adobe (TubeMogul)
   Connected DSP https://www.adobe.com/de/privacy/marketing-cloud.html
   DMP & Data Partners
   eXelate (Nielsen Marketing Cloud)
   Connected DMP for EU traffic (Direct Integration)
   http://exelate.com/privacy/opt-in-opt-out
   TheADEX GmbH Connected DMP for EU traffic (Integration via eXelate)
   https://www.theadex.com/privacy-opt-out/
   Nugg Ad (Zalando)
   Connected DMP for EU traffic (Direct Integration)
   https://www.nugg.ad/de/datenschutz/allgemeine-informationen.htm
   Neustar
   Connected DMP for EU traffic (Direct Integration)
   https://www.home.neustar/privacy
   Zeotap GmbH Data Provider https://www.zeotap.com/privacy_policy/
   AudienceProject APS Data & Audience Reach Provider
   https://privacy.audienceproject.com/en-GB/for-users/privacy-policy/
   emetriq GmbH Data Provider https://www.emetriq.com/datenschutz/
   weborama Data Provider https://weborama.com/e-privacy-2/

   Agency Technology Partner

   Meetrics
   Brand Safety & Viewability
   https://www.meetrics.com/datenschutz
   Flashtalking
   Agency Adserver
   http://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy
   Sizmek Agency Adserver
   https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy
   Integral Ad Science Brand Safety & Viewability
   https://integralads.com/privacy-policy/
   DoubleVerify, Inc. Ad verification
   https://www.doubleverify.com/privacy/
   Oracle MOAT Ad verification
   https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/services-privacy-policy.html
   HypertTV Inc. Agency Adserver https://www.hypertvx.com/privacy/
   Innovid
   Agency Adserver
   https://www.innovid.com/privacy-policy/
   Adssets
   Agency Adserver
   https://adssets.com/policy/
   Comscore
   Agency Adserver
   https://www.comscore.com/About/Privacy
   Adledge
   Agency Adserver
   https://adledge.com/data-privacy/
   Adloox
   Agency Adserver
   https://www.adloox.com/en/privacy-policy
   Neodata
   Agency Adserver
   https://www.neodatagroup.com/en/security-policy/neodata-privacy-policy
   Survey Sampling International
   Agency Adserver
   https://www.dynata.com/privacy-policy/
   NeuralOne
   Agency Adserver
   https://web.neural.one/privacy-policy/

   Smartclip has subscribed to the IAB Consent & Transparency Framework -
   a new standard for a market wide homogenous handling of User rights
   under the new GDPR. The new framework allows user to manage opt in and
   opt out preference for all vendors connected through this framework.
   Consent management at one of these partners will apply for all other
   partners as well. All vendors which are part of the framework can be
   found here:

   IAB Consent & Transparency Framework Vendor list

   07/25/2019
