   Skip to main content Skip to main menu

   Search myState (BUTTON) Menu
     * Our State
       President's Office Academics Research Libraries Outreach Athletics
       Newsroom Events Our State Videos
     * Future Students
       Apply Now Visit Campus MSU Traditions Undergraduate Admissions
       Orientation Graduate Admissions Online Education Cost of Attendance
     * Students
       Financial Aid Registrar Student Housing Organizations Student
       Affairs Starkville Community College & Departments Publications and
       Policies Student Lists
     * Alumni
       Alumni Association Alumni Events Foundation Give Now Request
       Transcripts Alumni Magazine Hunter Henry Center Walk of Honor
       Future Bulldog Certificate
     * Employees
       Jobs/Employment Human Resources Maroon Memo Faculty Senate Staff
       Council Fellows Committees Training & Development
     * Visitors
       Plan a Visit Welcome Center Galleries and Museums Orientation
       Summer Programs Walking Tour Daily Digest Diversity State Spotlight
       Our People

   Logo for Mississippi State University
     * myState on Mississippi State University
     * Directory on Mississippi State University
     * Calendars on Mississippi State University
     * A-Z Index on Mississippi State University
     * Maps on Mississippi State University
     * News on Mississippi State University
     * Contact on Mississippi State University

   Search MSSTATE ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Our State
       President's Office Academics Research Libraries Outreach Athletics
       Newsroom Events Our State Videos
     * Future Students
       Apply Now Visit Campus MSU Traditions Undergraduate Admissions
       Orientation Graduate Admissions Online Education Cost of Attendance
     * Students
       Financial Aid Registrar Student Housing Organizations Student
       Affairs Starkville Community College & Departments Publications and
       Policies Student Lists
     * Alumni
       Alumni Association Alumni Events Foundation Give Now Request
       Transcripts Alumni Magazine Hunter Henry Center Walk of Honor
       Future Bulldog Certificate
     * Employees
       Jobs/Employment Human Resources Maroon Memo Faculty Senate Staff
       Council Fellows Committees Training & Development
     * Visitors
       Plan a Visit Welcome Center Galleries and Museums Orientation
       Summer Programs Walking Tour Daily Digest Diversity State Spotlight
       Our People

Welcome to Mississippi State University Welcome to Mississippi State
University

   Decorative: bulldog head logo mark

Mississippi State University Locations

     * Starkville
     * Meridian
     * Online

Quick Info

   Apply To MSSTATE Give to MSState Academics Research International
   Engagement Athletics Libraries Outreach

Become a Bulldog!

   At Mississippi State University, we believe in getting personal. Our
   university provides the academic, leadership, and social opportunities
   to help each person excel. Your success—in whatever field of study or
   career goal—is our success.

   Apply Now

Mississippi State University Foundation

   Whether in the classroom, in the research laboratory, or on the field,
   much of MSU’s success would not be possible without generous financial
   contributions from MSU supporters at all levels.

   Give Now

Endless Experiences for Students

   MSU is preparing its students for bright, productive futures where
   academics is combined with the proper tools for tackling today’s tough
   issues and making a difference in society.

   Increase Your Knowledge

The State’s Leading Research University

   We are one of only a few schools to earn both research and community
   engagement rankings from the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of
   Teaching.

   Impact the World

Our International Institute

   We enrich the academic and cultural experiences of faculty, staff,
   students, and the community through global outreach, research, academic
   programs, and international student services.

   Go International

HailState!

   As a charter member of the Southeastern Conference, Mississippi State
   boasts a storied tradition in athletics, both on the field and in the
   classroom.

   #hailstate

Fostering Teaching and Learning

   We strive to provide exceptional resources, services and facilities to
   MSU faculty, staff and students as well as the broader community
   throughout the State of Mississippi and the Southeast.

   Search the Shelves

Our Mission of Service and Outreach

   Mississippi State offers a variety of opportunities for forming active,
   future-focused partnerships that can benefit society.

   Value of Engagement
   Background Image Alternative Text: Fall leaves and banners outside
   Montgomery Hall

APPLY TO BE AN MSU BULLDOG IN 2020

   Start your undergraduate application and plan your campus visit.
   Link for APPLY TO BE AN MSU BULLDOG IN 2020
   Background Image Alternative Text: Brandon Barton and a colleague
   hiking in the Intermountain West.

MSU researchers make surprising wolf diet discovery, highlight ecosystem
complexities

   Background Image Alternative Text: Students and faculty members analyze
   results in an MSU lab.

MSU, MSMS partnership provides high school students with hands-on research
experience

   Background Image Alternative Text: We Ring True graphic in white over
   the top of an image of smiling students walking across the Drill Field

2019 MSU Commercial - We Ring True

   Image Alternative Text: Emily Chappell, pictured in a research lab.

Our People

   Emily Chappell (Student)
   Image Alternative Text: Wearing headphones and framed by the glow of a
   yellow computer screen, an MSU student eSports team member competes at
   the Hump.

State Spotlight

   ESports Egg Bowl

Featured & Recent Headlines

   Image Alternative Text: MSU winning team members at the 2019 SEC
   Student Pitch Competition included Shelby Baldwin (middle), Brandon
   Johns (left) and Calvin Waddy (right).

Mississippi State University wins 2019 SEC Student Pitch Competition

   Mississippi State University won first place in the 4th annual SEC
   Student Pitch Competition, held at Auburn University on October 6-7.

   October 08, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: MSU’s chapter of Student Members of the
   American Chemical Society members stand on a stage with faculty
   advisers and balloons.

MSU student chemistry group receives national award for outreach event

   October 07, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: Cutting a ribbon to formally open the James W.
   Nicholson Reading Room during dedication ceremonies Thursday [Oct. 3]
   are Associate Dean of MSU Libraries Stephen Cunetto; MSU President Mark
   E. Keenum; MSU alumna and facility benefactor Janice I. Nicholson; Dean
   of Libraries Frances Coleman; and Provost and Executive Vice President
   David Shaw.

Alumna honors brother with library reading room at MSU

   October 03, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: TVA presents MSU President Mark E. Keenum with
   an award recognizing the university's low carbon emissions.

MSU again recognized by TVA for low carbon emissions

   The Tennessee Valley Authority is again recognizing Mississippi State
   University for its efforts in improving energy efficiency and reducing
   carbon…

   October 01, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: Matthew Brown, pictured in his research lab.

MSU biological sciences professor elected president of International Society
of Protistologists

   October 08, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: Daniel Gustafson speaks at Mississippi State.

United Nations FAO deputy director-general discusses organization’s global
programs at MSU

   October 08, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: Cutting the ribbon to formally dedicate and
   open MSU’s MaxxSouth Digital Media Center in Mitchell Memorial Library
   is John Block, center, joined by, from left, Professor John Forde;
   Associate Dean of Libraries Stephen Cunetto; Dean of Libraries Frances
   Coleman; MSU President Mark E. Keenum and Dean of the College of Arts
   and Sciences Rick Travis.

MSU opens MaxxSouth Digital Media Center at Mitchell Memorial Library

   October 08, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: Studio Portrait of Shandrea Stallworth wearing
   a business coat in front of a gray backdrop

MSU doctoral candidate leads ag organization focused on diversity

   October 04, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: Checky Herrington, joined by his wife Chellie,
   holds the 2019 Professional Achievement Award in front of a SPRF logo
   backdrop.

MSU’s Herrington honored with Professional Achievement Award by Southern
Public Relations Federation

   October 03, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: SPRF logo in blue and white

Mississippi State communications professionals recognized by Southern Public
Relations Federation

   October 03, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: A black rail bird standing on grass and straw.

MSU collaborates on $3.9 million NOAA grant to help Gulf Coast birds,
conserve biodiversity

   October 02, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: The Bud Bailey multi-family affordable housing
   project in Utah, which MSU student Baron Necaise produced a video about
   this summer.

MSU architecture student video features innovative design as part of NYC
Short Films Walk this week

   October 01, 2019
   Newsroom

Recent Announcements

   Image Alternative Text: No image available.

TEDxMSState welcomes cybersecurity professor from Scotland for fall lecture

   October 07, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: Starkville/MSU Symphony Orchestra logo

Starkville/MSU Symphony, Mississippi University for Women present 'It's A
Classic' concert Oct. 6

   September 26, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: Mississippi Public Universities logo in
   turquoise blue and green

Mississippi Public Universities prepare workforce for logistics industry

   September 24, 2019
   Image Alternative Text: No image available.

Applications sought for faculty athletics representative

   September 18, 2019
   More Announcements

Upcoming Events

Flu Shot Clinic

   Lobby of Mitchell Memorial Library - 395 Hardy Road, Mississippi State,
   MS 39762

   October 9
   9:00 am to 4:00 pm

Fall Break — No Classes, University Open

   Starkville campus

   October 10

Breakfast with the Bulldogs

   Starkville Café - 211 East Main St., Starkville, MS 39759

   October 10
   7:30 am to 8:30 am

MSU Soccer vs. Auburn

   MSU Soccer Field - 175 Barr Ave., Mississippi State, MS 39762

   October 10
   6:00 pm

Dawg Talk with Coach Joe Moorhead

   The Veranda - 208 Lincoln Green, Starkville, MS 39759

   October 10
   6:30 pm to 7:30 pm

Fall Break — No Classes, University Open

   Starkville campus

   October 11
   More Events
   Image Alternative Text: Clouds rolling over MSU&#039;s Drill Field

Severe Weather Preparedness

   Image Alternative Text: Cullis Wade Depot Art Gallery

Museums and Galleries

   Image Alternative Text: Campus in the fall. Looking through the
   changing leaves of orange and yellow up towards Lee Hall.

Graduation Lists

   Image Alternative Text: Daily News Digest Graphic, stack of newspapers.

Daily News Digest

     * Find Mississippi State University on Facebook
     * Find Mississippi State University on Instagram
     * Find Mississippi State University on LinkedIn
     * Find Mississippi State University on Pinterest
     * Find Mississippi State University on Twitter
     * Find Mississippi State University on YouTube


   Mississippi State University M mark
   Mississippi State University
   Mississippi State, MS 39762
   Email Contact Us
   Contact Us
   Call (662) 325-2323
   (662) 325-2323
   Logo for Mississippi Public Universities
