   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX8S9K

New

Friends of Hue

Smart Switch

   Effortless control over the entire Philips Hue universe
   Buy Now
   69€
   First Batch Sold Out!
   Order now and get in on the 2nd batch.

   Our mission is to create seamless smart home experiences that put
   humans back at the center.
   Learn More

   IFRAME:
   https://player.vimeo.com/video/351385708?autoplay=1&loop=1&color=ffffff
   &title=0&byline=0&portrait=0

   Senic
   EN
   /
   DE
   Bag
   Senic
   EN
   /
   DE
   Bag

Our Products

   Friends of Hue Smart Switch
   Buy
   Nuimo Control
   Buy
   Nuimo Click
   Buy
   Help CenterContactAbout UsJournal
   Software UpdatesJobsNewsletterImprintPrivacyTerms & Conditions
   © 2018 Senic GmbH
   Your bag
   Your shopping bag is empty
   Our online shop is currently down for maintenance. Please contact us at
   support@senic.com or on EU: +49 151 646 70237 / USA: +1 888 311 8401 to
   place an order.
   FOH-3-BL
   Friends of Hue - Three Switch Bundle
   0
   FOH-3-WH
   Friends of Hue - Three Switch Bundle
   0
   FOH-1-WH
   Friends of Hue - One Switch
   0
   FOH-1-BL
   Friends of Hue - One Switch
   0
   DO-18-USA
   Enocean Dongle
   0
   DO-18-EU
   Enocean Dongle
   0
   HU-18-UK
   Nuimo Hub
   0
   HU-18-USA
   Nuimo Hub
   0
   HU-18-EU
   Nuimo Hub
   0
   COA-WH
   Nuimo Control Add-On
   0
   COA-BL
   Nuimo Control Add-On
   0
   COS-WH
   Nuimo Control Starter Kit
   0
   COS-BL
   Nuimo Control Starter Kit
   0
   CL-18-BL-US
   Nuimo Click Add-On
   0
   CL-18-BL-EU
   Nuimo Click Add-On
   0
   CL-18-WH-US
   Nuimo Click Add-On
   0
   CL-18-WH-EU
   Nuimo Click Add-On
   0
   CLS-1-BL-US
   Nuimo Click Starter Kit
   0
   CLS-1-BL-EU
   Nuimo Click Starter Kit
   0
   CLS-1-WH-US
   Nuimo Click Starter Kit
   0
   CLS-1-WH-EU
   Nuimo Click Starter Kit
   0
   Subtotal
   0.00€
   Buy Now
   Try Now

   © 2019 Senic GmbH
   ImprintTerms & ConditionsPrivacy
   NewsletterJobsSupport
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX8S9K

Privacy Policy

I. Name and address of the person responsible

   The person responsible within the meaning of the Basic Data Protection
   Regulation and other national data protection laws of the Member States
   as well as other provisions of data protection law is the Data
   Protection Supervisor:

   Senic GmbH
   Pfuelstr. 5
   10997
   Berlin
   Germany
   hi@senic.com
   www.senic.com

   ‍

II. Name and address of data protection officer

   The data protection officer of the person responsible is:

   DataCo GmbH
   Robert Mäckle
   Dachauer Straße 65
   80335 Munich
   Germany
   datenschutz@dataguard.de
   www.dataguard.de

   ‍

III. general information on data processing

   Scope of processing of personal data

   We process the personal data of our users only to the extent necessary
   to provide a functioning website as well as our content and services.
   The processing of personal data of our users takes place regularly only
   after consent of the user. An exception applies in those cases in which
   prior consent cannot be obtained for actual reasons and the processing
   of the data is permitted by statutory provisions.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   If we obtain the consent of the data subject for the processing of
   personal data, Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a EU Data Protection Basic
   Regulation (DSGVO) serves as the legal basis.

   Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO serves as the legal basis for
   the processing of personal data required for the performance of a
   contract to which the data subject is a party. This shall also apply to
   processing operations necessary for the implementation of
   pre-contractual measures.

   Insofar as the processing of personal data is necessary to fulfil a
   legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 para. 1
   sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO serves as the legal basis.

   In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another
   natural person necessitate the processing of personal data, Art. 6
   para. 1 sentence 1 lit. d DSGVO serves as the legal basis.

   If the processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of
   our company or a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights
   and fundamental freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the
   first-mentioned interest, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO serves
   as the legal basis for the processing.

   Data erasure and storage duration

   The personal data of the person concerned will be deleted or blocked as
   soon as the purpose of storage no longer applies. Storage may also take
   place if the European or national legislator has provided for this in
   Union regulations, laws or other provisions to which the person
   responsible is subject. The data shall also be blocked or deleted if a
   storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires,
   unless it is necessary for further storage of the data for the
   conclusion or performance of a contract.

   ‍

IV. Rights of the data subject

   If personal data is processed by you, you are the data subject within
   the meaning of the DSGVO and you are entitled to the following rights
   vis-à-vis the person responsible:

   1. Right to information

   You can request confirmation from the person responsible as to whether
   personal data relating to you will be processed by us.

   In the event of such processing, you may request the following
   information from the data controller:
     * the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
     * the categories of personal data processed;
     * the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal
       information about you has been disclosed will still be disclosed;
     * the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning
       you or, if it is not possible to provide specific information in
       this regard, criteria for determining the duration of the storage;
     * the existence of a right to rectify or delete personal data
       concerning you, a right to limit the processing by the controller
       or a right to object to such processing;
     * the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
     * all available information on the origin of the data, if the
       personal data are not collected from the data subject;
     * the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in
       accordance with Article 22(1) and (4) DSGVO and - at least in these
       cases - meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope
       and intended effects of such processing on the data subject.

   You have the right to request information as to whether the personal
   data concerning you will be transferred to a third country or to an
   international organisation. In this context, you may request to be
   informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 DSGVO in
   connection with the transfer.

   2. Right to rectification

   You have the right to have your personal data corrected and/or
   completed by the data controller if the personal data processed
   concerning you is inaccurate or incomplete. The person responsible must
   carry out the correction immediately.

   3. Right to limit the processing

   Under the following conditions, you may request that the processing of
   your personal data be restricted:
     * if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for
       a period of time which enables the person responsible to verify the
       accuracy of the personal data;
     * the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal
       data and instead request the restriction of the use of the personal
       data;
     * the data controller no longer needs the personal data for the
       purposes of processing, but you need them to assert, exercise or
       defend legal claims, or
     * if you have lodged an objection against the processing pursuant to
       Art. 21 para. 1 DSGVO and it has not yet been determined whether
       the justified reasons of the data controller outweigh your reasons.
     * Where the processing of personal data concerning you has been
       restricted, such data may not be processed, with the exception of
       their storage, without your consent or for the purpose of
       asserting, exercising or defending rights or protecting the rights
       of another natural or legal person or for reasons of an important
       public interest of the Union or of a Member State.

   If the processing restriction has been restricted in accordance with
   the above conditions, you will be informed by the controller before the
   restriction is lifted.

   4. Right to cancellation

   a) Duty to delete

   You may request the data controller to delete the personal data
   concerning you immediately and the data controller is obliged to delete
   this data immediately if one of the following reasons applies:

   The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the
   purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.

   You revoke your consent on which the processing was based pursuant to
   Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a DSGVO, and
   there is no other legal basis for the processing.

   You object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) DSGVO and there
   are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you object
   to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) DSGVO.

   The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.

   The deletion of personal data concerning you is necessary to fulfil a
   legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to
   which the data controller is subject.

   The personal data relating to you have been collected in relation to
   information society services offered pursuant to Art. 8 para. 1 DSGVO.

   b) Information to third parties

   If the person responsible has made the personal data concerning you
   public and is obliged to delete them in accordance with Art. 17 (1)
   DSGVO, he shall take appropriate measures, including technical
   measures, taking into account the available technology and the
   implementation costs, to inform the persons responsible for data
   processing who process the personal data that you, as the person
   concerned, have requested them to delete all links to this personal
   data or copies or replications of this personal data.

   c) Exceptions

   The right to deletion does not exist if the processing is necessary.
     * on the exercise of freedom of expression and information;
     * to fulfil a legal obligation which the processing requires under
       the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the
       controller is subject or to perform a task carried out in the
       public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in
       the controller;
     * for reasons of public interest in the field of public health
       pursuant to Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h and i and Art. 9 para. 3 DSGVO;
     * for archival purposes in the public interest, scientific or
       historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant
       to Art. 89 para. 1 DSGVO, insofar as the law referred to under
       section a) presumably makes it impossible or seriously impairs the
       attainment of the objectives of such processing, or
     * to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

   5. Right to information

   If you have exercised your right to rectify, cancel or limit the
   processing of your personal data against the controller, the latter is
   obliged to notify all recipients to whom the personal data concerning
   you have been disclosed of such rectification, cancellation or
   limitation, unless this proves impossible or involves a
   disproportionate effort.

   They shall have the right vis-à-vis the person responsible to be
   informed of such recipients.

   6. Right to data transferability

   You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you
   have provided to the responsible person in a structured, common and
   machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to communicate
   this data to another data controller without being hindered by the
   controller to whom the personal data was provided, provided that

   the processing is based on a consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1
   sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a DSGVO or on a contract
   pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO and processing is
   carried out using automated procedures.

   In exercising this right, you also have the right to request that the
   personal data concerning you be transmitted directly by one responsible
   person to another responsible person, insofar as this is technically
   feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected by
   this.

   The right to data transfer does not apply to the processing of personal
   data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public
   interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the
   controller.

   7. Right of objection

   You have the right, for reasons arising from your particular situation,
   to object at any time to the processing of your personal data on the
   basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. e or f DSGVO; this also applies to
   profiling based on these provisions.

   The controller will no longer process the personal data relating to you
   unless he can prove compelling reasons for processing worthy of
   protection which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the
   processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

   If the personal data concerning you are processed for the purpose of
   direct advertising, you have the right to object at any time to the
   processing of the personal data concerning you for the purpose of such
   advertising; this also applies to profiling to the extent that it is
   connected with such direct advertising.

   If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the
   personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these
   purposes.

   You have the possibility to exercise your right of objection in
   relation to the use of Information Society services - notwithstanding
   Directive 2002/58/EC - by means of automated procedures using technical
   specifications.

   8. Right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law

   You have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data
   protection law at any time. The revocation of the consent does not
   affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the
   consent up to the revocation.

   9. Automated decision in individual cases including profiling

   You have the right not to be subject to any decision based solely on
   automated processing, including profiling, that has any legal effect on
   you or similarly significantly affects you. This shall not apply if the
   decision
     * is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract
       between you and the person responsible,
     * is authorised by legislation of the Union or of the Member States
       to which the person responsible is subject and contains adequate
       measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and your legitimate
       interests, or
     * with your explicit consent.

   However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of
   personal data under Art. 9 para. 1 DSGVO, unless Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a
   or g DSGVO applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect
   the rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests.

   In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the controller shall take
   reasonable steps to safeguard the rights and freedoms and your
   legitimate interests, including at least the right of the controller to
   obtain the intervention of a person, to present his or her point of
   view and to contest the decision.

   10. Right of appeal to a supervisory authority

   Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you
   shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in
   particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or
   place of presumed infringement, if you consider that the processing of
   your personal data is in breach of the DSGVO.

   The supervisory authority to which the complaint was submitted shall
   inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint,
   including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 DSGVO.

   ‍

V. Provision of the website and creation of log files

   1. Description and scope of data processing

   Each time you access our website, our system automatically collects
   data and information from the computer system of the accessing
   computer.

   The following data will be collected:
     * Information about the browser type and the version used
     * The user's operating system
     * The Internet service provider of the user
     * The IP address of the user
     * Date and time of access
     * Websites from which the user's system accesses our website
     * Websites accessed by the user's system through our website

   The data is also stored in the log files of our system. These data are
   not stored together with other personal data of the user.

   2. Legal basis for data processing

   The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art.
   6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO.

   3. Purpose of the data processing

   The temporary storage of the IP address by the **system is necessary to
   enable delivery of the website to the user's computer. For this
   purpose, the IP address of the user must remain stored for the duration
   of the session.

   The storage in logfiles is done to ensure the functionality of the
   website. The data is also used to optimise the website and to ensure
   the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of
   the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.

   These purposes also include our legitimate interest in data processing
   pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.

   4. Duration of storage

   The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to
   achieve the purpose for which they were collected. In the case of the
   collection of data for the provision of the website, this is the case
   when the respective session has ended.

   If the data is stored in log files, this is the case after seven days
   at the latest. Storage beyond this is possible. In this case, the IP
   addresses of the users are deleted or alienated so that an assignment
   of the calling client is no longer possible.

   5. Possibility of opposition and removal

   The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage
   of data in log files is mandatory for the operation of the website.
   Consequently, there is no possibility of objection on the part of the
   user.

   ‍

VI. Use of cookies

   1. Description and scope of data processing

   Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the
   Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user's computer
   system. When a user accesses a website, a cookie may be stored on the
   user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string
   of characters that enables the browser to be uniquely identified when
   the website is called up again.

   We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of
   our website require that the calling browser can be identified even
   after a page change.

   The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:
     * language settings
     * Articles in a shopping carn
     * User Interface Settings
     * Location settings for direct display of prices and product
       availability

   We also use cookies on our website, which enable us to analyse the
   surfing behaviour of our users.

   In this way the following data can be transmitted:
     * Entered search terms
     * Frequency of page views
     * Use of website functions

   The user data collected in this way is pseudonymised by technical
   precautions. Therefore, it is no longer possible to assign the data to
   the calling user. The data are not stored together with other personal
   data of the users.

   When you visit our website, an information banner informs you about the
   use of cookies for analysis purposes and refers you to this privacy
   statement. In this context, there is also an indication as to how the
   storage of cookies in the browser settings can be prevented.

   When calling up our website, the user is informed about the use of
   cookies for analysis purposes and his consent to the processing of the
   personal data used in this context is obtained. In this context there
   is also a reference to this data protection declaration.

   2. Legal basis for data processing

   The legal basis for the processing of personal data using technically
   necessary cookies is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.

   The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies for
   analysis purposes is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO if the user has
   given his consent.

   3. Purpose of the data processing

   The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify the
   use of websites for users. Some functions of our website cannot be
   offered without the use of cookies. For these it is necessary that the
   browser is recognized also after a page change.

   We need cookies for the following applications:
     * Shopping Cart
     * Acceptance of language settings

   The user data collected by technically necessary cookies are not used
   to create user profiles.

   The analysis cookies are used for the purpose of improving the quality
   of our website and its content. Through the analysis cookies, we learn
   how the website is used and can thus constantly optimize our offer.

   In these purposes also our legitimate interest lies in the processing
   of personal data according to Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.

   4. Duration of storage, possibility of objection and removal

   Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our site
   by the user. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the
   use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of
   cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that
   have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be
   done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it is
   possible that not all functions of the website can be used to their
   full extent.

   ‍

VII. Newsletter

   1. Description and scope of data processing

   You can subscribe to a free newsletter on our website. When registering
   for the newsletter, the data from the input mask is transmitted to usn
     * email address
     * first name
     * IP address of the calling computer
     * Date and time of registration

   Your consent will be obtained for the processing of your data during
   the registration process and reference will be made to this data
   protection declaration.

   If you purchase goods or services on our website and enter your email
   address, we may subsequently use it to send you a newsletter. In such a
   case, only direct advertising for similar goods or services will be
   sent via the newsletter.

   No data will be passed on to third parties in connection with data
   processing for the dispatch of newsletters. The data will be used
   exclusively for sending the newsletter.

   2. Degal basis for data processing

   The legal basis for the processing of data by the user after
   registration for the newsletter is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO if
   the user has given his consent.

   The legal basis for the dispatch of the newsletter as a result of the
   sale of goods or services is § 7 para. 3 UWG.

   3. Purpose of the data processing

   The collection of the user's email address serves to deliver the
   newsletter.

   The collection of other personal data as part of the registration
   process serves to prevent misuse of the services or the email address
   used.

   4. Duration of storage

   The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to
   achieve the purpose for which they were collected. The user's email
   address will therefore be stored as long as the newsletter subscription
   is active.

   The other personal data collected in the course of the registration
   process are usually deleted after a period of seven days.

   5. Possibility of opposition and removal

   The subscription of the newsletter can be cancelled by the affected
   user at any time. For this purpose there is a corresponding link in
   every newsletter.

   This also enables the revocation of the consent to the storage of
   personal data collected during the registration process.

   ‍

VIII. Email contact

   1. Description and scope of data processing

   You can contact us via the email address provided on our website. In
   this case the personal data of the user transmitted with the email will
   be stored.

   The data will not be passed on to third parties in this context. The
   data will be used exclusively for the processing of the conversation.

   2. Legal basis for data processing

   The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a
   DSGVO if the user has given his consent.

   The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of
   sending an e-mail is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. If the purpose of the
   email contact is to conclude a contract, the additional legal basis for
   the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO.

   3. Purpose of the data processing

   If you contact us by email, this also constitutes the necessary
   legitimate interest in the processing of the data.

   4. Duration of storage

   The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to
   achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For personal data
   sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with
   the user has ended. The conversation ends when it can be inferred from
   the circumstances that the facts in question have been conclusively
   clarified.

   The additional personal data collected during the sending process will
   be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.

   5. Possibility of opposition and removal

   The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of
   personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by email, he can
   object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case,
   the conversation cannot be continued.

   To object to the use and storage of your email address, please send an
   email to hi@senic.com from the email address used for registration. We
   will then delete your data immediately.

   In this case, all personal data stored in the course of establishing
   contact will be deleted.

   ‍

IX. Application email contact

   1. Scope of data processing of personal data

   You can send us your application by email. We collect your email
   address and the information you provide in the email.

   After sending your application, you will receive confirmation of
   receipt of your application documents by email from us.

   Your data will not be passed on to third parties. The data will be used
   exclusively for processing your application.

   2. Legal basis for data processing

   The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1
   lit. a DSGVO and §26 BDSG.

   3. Purpose of the data processing

   The processing of the personal data from your application e-mail serves
   us solely for the processing of your application.

   4. Duration of storage

   After completion of the application procedure, the data will be stored
   for up to 6 months. At the latest after 6 months your data will be
   deleted. In the event of a legal obligation, the data will be stored
   within the framework of the applicable provisions.

   The additional personal data collected during the sending process will
   be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.

   5. Possibility of opposition and removal

   The applicant has the possibility to revoke his consent to the
   processing of personal data at any time. In such a case, your
   application will no longer be considered.

   To object to the use and storage of your personal data, please send an
   email to hi@senic.com. We will then delete your data immediately.

   All personal data stored in the course of electronic applications will
   be deleted in this case.

   ‍

X. Collection, processing and use of personal data for orders

   When ordering, we collect and use your personal data to the extent
   necessary to fulfill and process your order and to process your
   inquiries, as well as support, warranty and guarantee cases. The
   provision of the data is necessary for the conclusion of the contract.
   Failure to make the goods available shall mean that no contract can be
   concluded. Processing takes place on the basis of Art. 6 (1) lit. b
   DSGVO and is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract with you. Your
   data will not be passed on to third parties without your express
   consent. Excluded from this are only our service partners, which we
   need to process the contractual relationship or service providers we
   use in the context of order processing. In addition to the recipients
   named in the respective clauses of this data protection declaration,
   these are, for example, recipients of the following categories:
   Shipping service providers, payment service providers, merchandise
   management service providers, service providers for order processing,
   web hosts, IT service providers and drop shipping dealers. In all cases
   we strictly observe the legal requirements. The scope of data
   transmission is limited to a minimum.

   ‍

XI. Fan page

Use of our Senic GmbH - Facebook - Company appearance

   1. Scope of data processing

   We use the Senic GmbH - corporate presence of Facebook Menlo Park,
   California, United States. We provide information on our site and offer
   Facebook users the opportunity to communicate.

   Information about our products, communication with users, information
   about current Smart Home and technology topics.

   We do not have any information on the processing of your personal data
   by the company Facebook, which is jointly responsible for the Senic
   GmbH corporate identity. You will find information on this in the data
   protection declaration of :

   Facebook: https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php

   If you carry out an action on our Facebook - company appearance (e.g.
   comments, contributions, likes etc.) it can be that you thereby
   personal data (e.g. clear name or photo of your user profile) make
   public.

   2. Legal basis

   The legal basis for the processing of your data in connection with the
   use of our Facebook corporate identity is Art.6 para.1 sentence 1 lit.f
   DSGVO.

   3. Purpose of the data processing

   Our Facebook - company appearance serves us to inform the Facebook -
   users about our information about product, information about services,
   advertisement, customer contact. Every user is free to publish personal
   data through activities.

   4. Duration of storage

   We store your activities and personal data published via our Facebook
   corporate website for a period of up to until the user requests us to
   delete this content. In addition, we comply with the statutory
   retention periods.

   5. Possibility of opposition and removal

   You can object at any time to the processing of your personal data that
   we collect within the framework of your use of our Facebook corporate
   website and assert your rights as a data subject mentioned under IV. of
   this data protection declaration. Please send us an informal email to
   hi@senic.com.

   You will find further information on the processing of your personal
   data by Facebook at: https://de-de.facebook.com/

   ‍

XII Used Plugins

Use of Facebook Pixel

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   With your consent, we use the "visitor action pixel" of Facebook Inc.,
   1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook") within
   our Internet presence. It allows us to track the actions of users after
   they have seen or clicked on a Facebook ad. This allows us to measure
   the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market
   research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous for us,
   i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. These data
   are however stored and processed by Facebook, about which we inform you
   according to our state of knowledge. Facebook may link this information
   to your Facebook account and may also use it for its own promotional
   purposes, in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy
   https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can enable Facebook and
   its affiliates to serve ads on and off Facebook. A cookie can also be
   stored on your computer for these purposes.

   This consent may only be given by users who are older than 13 years of
   age. If you are younger, please ask your parents or guardians for
   advice.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f
   DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   The use of the Facebook pixel serves the optimization of advertising
   measures.

   Duration of storage

   We do not have any information about the duration of storage.

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   For more information, see Facebook's data policy at
   https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.

   ‍

Use of Google AdWords

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   On our website we use Google AdWords of Google Inc., 1600 Amphiteatre
   Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. This is an online
   advertising program that uses conversion tracking. When you reach our
   website via a Google ad, Google AdWords places a cookie on your
   computer. Each Google AdWords customer is assigned a different cookie.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f
   DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   We only receive information about the total number of users who have
   responded to our ad. We will not share any information that could be
   used to identify you. The use does not serve the traceability.

   Duration of storage

   The cookie loses its validity after 30 days.

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   You can prevent Google conversion tracking by deactivating the tracking
   process in your browser. Further information can be found at
   https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ .

   ‍

Use of Google Analytics

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   On our website we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of
   Google Inc., 1600 Amphiteatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United
   States ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text
   files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users
   use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of
   this website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in
   the United States. However, if IP anonymization is enabled on this
   website, Google will previously truncate your IP address within member
   states of the European Union or other signatory states to the Agreement
   on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP
   address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
   IP anonymization is active on this website. On behalf of the operator
   of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of
   evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website
   activity and providing other services to website operators in
   connection with website activity and internet usage. The IP address
   transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined
   with other data from Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by
   selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note
   that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality
   of our website.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f
   DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   The purpose of processing personal data is to specifically address a
   target group that has already expressed an initial interest by visiting
   the site.

   Duration of storage

   Advertising data in server logs is anonymized by Google's own
   statements to delete parts of the IP address and cookie information
   after 9 and 18 months respectively.

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the
   cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP
   address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and
   installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:
   http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. Further information can
   be found at https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ .

   ‍

Using Google Tag Manager

   This website uses the Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a
   solution that allows marketers to manage website tags through a single
   interface. The Tool Tag Manager itself (which implements the tags) is a
   cookie-less domain and does not collect any personal data. The tool
   triggers other tags that may themselves collect data. Google Tag
   Manager does not access this data. If deactivation has been made at the
   domain or cookie level, it will persist for all tracking tags
   implemented with Google Tag Manager.

   ‍

Use of Google Analytics Remarketing (also Google Dynamic Remarketing)

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   On our website we use the remarketing function Google Inc., 1600
   Amphiteatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. Together
   with Google we offer you suitable and interest-related advertisements.
   Google Analytics Remarketing uses cookies. These are stored on your
   computer. According to Google, no personal data is collected. According
   to our own information, there is also no connection to the other Google
   services.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f
   DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   The purpose of processing personal data is to specifically address a
   target group. You recognise the cookies stored on your computer when
   you visit a website and can therefore display advertisements that are
   in line with your interests.

   Duration of storage

   Advertising data in server logs is anonymized by Google's own
   statements to delete parts of the IP address and cookie information
   after 9 and 18 months respectively.

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   You can prevent the use of the remarketing function by setting the
   following link: https://http://www.google.de/settings/ads . Further
   information can be found at
   https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ .

   ‍

Use of CrazyEgg.com

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   We use the tracking tool CrazyEgg.com to record randomly selected
   individual visits exclusively with anonymous IP addresses. This
   tracking tool allows you to use cookies to evaluate how you use the
   website (e.g. what content is clicked on). For this purpose, a usage
   profile is displayed visually. Only pseudonyms are used to create user
   profiles, which do not allow any conclusions to be drawn about you.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f
   DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   The purpose of processing personal data is the targeted measurement of
   visitor activity. This data can be used to constantly optimise the ease
   of use of the website.

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   You may at any time object to the collection, processing and recording
   of data generated by CrazyEgg.com by following the instructions at
   https://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out . For more information on data
   protection at CrazyEgg.com, please visit
   https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy.

   ‍

Use of Mailchimp

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   We use the list provider MailChimp to send our newsletter. MailChimp is
   an offer from The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 512 Means Street, Suite
   404, Atlanta, GA 30318 ("Rocket"). Rocket has signed the so-called
   "Safe Harbor Agreement" on 22.07.2008, which is a data protection
   agreement between the European Union and the United States. The data
   stored during registration is transferred to Rocket and stored by
   Rocket. The data entered during registration will not be transmitted to
   other third parties. After registration MailChimp will send you an
   e-mail to confirm your registration. In addition, MailChimp offers
   various analysis options on how the sent newsletters are opened and
   used, e.g. how many users an e-mail was sent to, whether e-mails were
   rejected and whether users unsubscribed from the list after receiving
   an e-mail. MailChimp also uses the Google Analytics analysis tool from
   Google, Inc. and may include it in its newsletters. Further details
   about Google Analytics can be found in this privacy statement under
   "Google Analytics".

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing of users' personal data is Art. 6
   Para. S.1 lit. a DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   Newsletters are sent for advertising purposes and to share other
   information or news about the company and its products.

   Duration of storage

   We do not have any information about the duration of storage at our
   order processor. However, the processor is subject to the obligation
   under the US/EU Privacy Shield, which obliges them to fully comply with
   German data protection laws.

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   You can revoke your consent to the storage of your data and its use to
   send the newsletter at any time. You can exercise your revocation at
   any time by sending an email to hi@senic.com or by clicking on the link
   provided for each newsletter.

   ‍

Using SurveyMonkey

   Conduct surveys on user experiences and improvement opportunities.

   Scope of data processing

   We ask customers about their use of our products on a voluntary basis.
   For surveys, we use the SurveyMonkey online survey tool offered and
   operated by SurveyMonkey Europe UC, based at 2 Shelbourne Buildings,
   2nd Floor, 2Shelbourne Road, Dublin 4, Ireland ("SurveyMonkey").
   SurveyMonkey is EU/US Privacy Shield certified. Survey Monkey collects
   the following data from you:
     * Other data provided by you
     * Name
     * IP address of the calling computer

   We would expressly like to point out that SurveyMonkey reserves the
   right to collect, process, use and forward information and analyses for
   its own purposes. In particular, cookies, ad tracking and IP addresses
   are used or recorded for this purpose. SurveyMonkey also reserves the
   right to disclose this information to third parties, including other
   countries and the United States. Please refer to the relevant sections
   of SurveyMonkey's Privacy Policy for more information. SurveyMonkey's
   current Privacy Policy can be found at
   https://de.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy-policy/.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing of your data in connection with the
   execution of surveys is Art.6 para.1 sentence 1 lit.a DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   The implementation of surveys regarding the user experience of our
   products serves to continuously develop and improve our products. We
   try to use the information about user behaviour obtained from the
   surveys to develop new products in line with requirements.

   Duration of storage

   SurveyMonkey itself does not delete any of your personal information.
   However, we will delete the data in our SurveyMonkey user account upon
   completion of the survey (including its evaluation).

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   Survey participants may contact us at any time to request the deletion
   of their survey data, including personal data, if collected. A
   subsequent correction of individual answers after the survey has been
   sent is not possible.

   ‍

Use of Survicate

   Scope of processing

   With the service provider (www.survicate.com) we play surveys users of
   our website. Users have the opportunity to send a personalized message
   and participate in surveys and may be required to enter their email
   address, name, telephone number and message. Data may be stored, but
   only by users who have voluntarily provided information. Survicate does
   not use cookies.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The
   justified interest consists in the analysis of user interests for the
   improvement of our products and information offers.

   Purpose of data processing

   The use of the Survicate Plug-In serves to improve our website and
   information offerings by conducting surveys in which users can
   participate voluntarily.

   Duration of storage

   We do not have any information about the duration of storage.

   Objection & removal possibility

   For more information about the handling of transferred data, please
   refer to Survicate's privacy policy:
   https://www.survicate.com/knowledge-base/privacy-policy/ . More
   information about the cookies can be found here:
   https://www.survicate.com/cookies/

   ‍

Using SoundCloud

   Scope of processing

   Our website uses functions of the social network SoundCloud Limited, 33
   St James Square, London SW1Y 4JS, UK (hereinafter: SoundCloud).

   When you visit a page with a plugin, a direct connection is established
   between your computer and the SoundCloud server. SoundCloud receives
   the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If
   you click the "Like" button while logged into your SoundCloud account,
   you can link and/or share the content of our pages with your SoundCloud
   profile. This allows SoundCloud to assign the visit to our pages to
   your user account. We would like to point out that as the provider of
   the pages, we do not have any knowledge of the content of the
   transmitted data or its use by SoundCloud.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The
   justified interest consists in a faultless function of the Internet
   page.

   Purpose of data processing

   The use of the SoundCloud plug-in serves to improve the usability of
   our website. We use this plug-in to offer an embedded music player.

   Duration of storage

   We do not have any information about the duration of storage.

   Objection & removal possibility

   For more information about the handling of transferred data, please
   refer to SoundCloud's privacy policy:
   https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy. You can prevent SoundCloud from
   collecting and processing your data by deactivating the execution of
   script code in your browser or by installing a script blocker in your
   browser (which you can find at www.noscript.net or www.ghostery.com).

   ‍

Use of Vimeo

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   We use on our website the plugin of Vimeo, Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th
   Street, New York, New York 10011, USA. When you visit our website, your
   browser connects to Vimeo's servers in the USA. Information about your
   website visit and your IP address will be forwarded to Vimeo. This
   happens regardless of whether you have a Vimeo account and whether you
   are logged in to it. If you are logged in, Vimeo can link the collected
   data to your account.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing of users' personal data is Art. 6
   Para. 1 S.1 lit. f DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   The provision of the Vimeo PlugIn serves the user friendliness of our
   site.

   Duration of storage

   We do not have any information about the duration of storage.

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   More information about the purpose and scope of vimeo's data collection
   can be found at: https://vimeo.com/privacy

   ‍

Use of YouTube PlugInn

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   On our website we use the plugin operated by Google from YouTube,
   YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. When
   you visit our website, your browser connects to YouTube's servers.
   Information about your website visit is forwarded to YouTube. We have
   no influence on the content of the plug-in. If you are logged into your
   YouTube account during your visit, YouTube can assign your website
   visit to this account. By interacting with this plug-in, this
   corresponding information is transmitted directly to YouTube and stored
   there. If you do not want this data to be transmitted, you must log out
   of your YouTube account before visiting our website.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The legal basis for the processing of users' personal data is Art. 6
   Para. 1 S.1 lit. f DSGVO.

   Purpose of data processing

   The provision of the YouTube plug-in serves the user friendliness of
   our site.

   Duration of storage

   We do not have any information about the duration of storage.

   Possibility of opposition and removal

   More information about the purpose and scope of YouTube's data
   collection can be found at:
   https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/

   ‍

Use of external payment service providers

   We use external payment service providers through whose platforms users
   and we can make payment transactions (e.g., each with a link to the
   privacy statement, Paypal
   (https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full/) , Stripe
   (https://stripe.com/privacy-center/legal) Amazon Pay
   (https://pay.amazon.com/de/help/201751600) , Visa
   (https://www.visa.de/datenschutz/) and Mastercard
   (https://www.mastercard.de/de-de/datenschutz.html) American Express
   (https://www.americanexpress.com/de/content/privacy-policy-statement.ht
   ml)).

   Within the framework of the performance of contracts, we shall appoint
   payment service providers on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b. DSGVO.
   In addition, we use external payment service providers on the basis of
   our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b. DSGVO in
   order to offer our users effective and secure payment options.

   The data processed by the payment service providers includes inventory
   data such as name and address, bank data such as account or credit card
   numbers, passwords, TANs and checksums, as well as contract, sum and
   recipient details. The information is required to complete the
   transactions. However, the data entered will only be processed and
   stored by the payment service providers. This means that we do not
   receive any account- or credit card-related information, but only
   information with confirmation or negative information about the
   payment. The data may be transmitted by payment service providers to
   credit reference agencies. The purpose of this transmission is to check
   identity and creditworthiness. In this regard we refer to the General
   Terms and Conditions and data protection notices of the payment service
   providers.

   Payment transactions are subject to the terms and conditions and data
   protection notices of the respective payment service providers, which
   can be accessed within the respective websites or transaction
   applications. We also refer to these for the purpose of further
   information and assertion of revocation, information and other rights
   affected.

   ‍

Use of OroCRM and Magento

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   We use the OroCRM tool to store personal order, payment, product and
   analysis data. All data is transferred to and stored on German servers
   and enables us to process support enquiries quickly and in a
   customer-friendly manner, to process and fulfil orders, payments,
   returns and contracts, as well as warranty and guarantee cases. After
   your prior consent, the data may also be used for advertising purposes.
   Processing takes place on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f
   DSGVO. You can object to the use and processing of your data at any
   time by sending an e-mail to hi@senic.com .

   ‍

Use of Freshdesk

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   We use the Freshdesk Customer Service System (hereinafter "Freshdesk"),
   a service of Freshworks Inc., 1250 Bayhill Drive, Suite 315, San Bruno,
   CA 94066, USA (hereinafter "Freshworks"), to accept and manage contact
   requests. When you contact us (by e-mail), your details will be stored
   in Freshdesk for processing the contact request and its processing.

   Legal basis for the processing of personal data

   The corresponding data processing takes place on the basis of Art. 6
   Para. 1 S.1 lit. b DSGVO and may be necessary for the execution of the
   contract with you or pre-contractual measures. In addition, data
   processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests
   pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our legitimate
   economic interest lies in optimizing the management of contact requests
   and improving customer service to provide our services. More
   information about "Freshchat" and data protection at Freshworks can be
   found here.

   ‍

Use of Freshchat

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   We use the Freshchat tool (hereinafter referred to as "Freshchat"),
   which is a service of Freshworks Inc. (1250 Bayhill Drive, Suite 315,
   San Bruno, CA 94066, USA, hereinafter referred to as "Freshworks"), to
   contact us quickly and easily. Freshchat allows you to communicate with
   us via live chat without providing any personal information of your
   own. When using the live chat, the chat process is transmitted to
   Freshworks and stored on their servers in the USA. The data processed
   during the use of Freshchat can be used to create user profiles under a
   pseudonym. Cookies (see section 4.) can be used to recognise the user
   for this purpose. The data collected by Freshchat will not be used to
   personally identify the visitor to our website and will not be merged
   with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym without the
   separately given consent of the person concerned.

   Scope of the processing of personal data

   The corresponding data processing takes place on the basis of Art. 6
   Para. 1 S.1 lit. b DSGVO and may be necessary for the execution of the
   contract with you or pre-contractual measures. In addition, data
   processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests
   pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our legitimate
   economic interest lies in optimizing the management of contact requests
   and improving customer service to provide our services. More
   information about "Freshchat" and data protection at Freshworks can be
   found here.

   ‍

XIII Fanpage

   We use social networks to present our company.

   1. Scope of data processing

   We use a company appearance on the following networks:
     * Facebook
     * instagram
     * LinkedIn
     * Twitten
     * Youtube

   On our pages we provide information and offer the users of the
   fanpage(s) the possibility of communication.

   We also use our pages to share information about products and services,
   job opportunities and current smart home and technology topics.

   We do not have any information on the processing of your personal data
   by the companies jointly responsible for the Senic corporate identity.
   You will find information on this in the data protection declaration of
   the respective page. See below.

   If you carry out an action on our company website (e.g. comments,
   contributions, likes etc.), you may make personal data (e.g. clear name
   or photo of your user profile) public.

   2. Purpose of the data processing

   Our corporate identity serves us to inform the users of our fan pages
   about our products, our services, our advertising and our customer
   contact. Every user is free to publish personal data through
   activities.

   3. Legal basis

   The legal basis for the processing of personal data is our justified
   interest in communication with users and our external presentation for
   the purpose of advertising in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit.
   f DS-GVO.

   If you have given the person responsible for the social network
   permission to process your personal data, the legal basis is Art. 6
   Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a) and Art. 7 DS-GVO.

   4. Duration of storage

   The data generated by the company appearance are not stored in our own
   system.

   5. Possibility of opposition and removal

   You can object at any time to the processing of your personal data
   which we collect within the scope of your use of our corporate identity
   and assert your rights as a data subject mentioned under IV. of this
   data protection declaration. Please send us an informal email to
   hi@senic.com.

   You will find further information on the processing of your personal
   data by the service provider of our corporate website at:
     * Facebook (Menlo Park, California, United States). Link to
       Facebook's privacy statement: https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
     * Instagram (Menlo Park, California, United States). Link to
       Instagram's Privacy Statement:
       https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
     * LinkedIn (Sunnyvale, California, United States). Link to LinkedIn's
       privacy statement: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
     * Twitter (San Francisco, California, United States). Link to
       Twitter's privacy policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy
     * Youtube (San Bruno, California, United States). Link to Youtube's
       privacy statement: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en

   XIV Registration and User Account

   We offer in our shop the possibility to register and create a user
   account.

   1. Scope of data processing

   We offer you the opportunity to register by entering your name and an
   e-mail address. You can optionally enter additional data. Your data
   must be entered into an input mask and will be stored by us in your
   password-protected user account. Once your account has been set up, you
   do not need to re-enter any data.

   To set up your account, you will also need to enter a password of your
   choice, which will give you access to your account along with your
   email address. Please note that you will remain logged in even after
   leaving our website, unless you have actively logged out. The data
   provided by you during registration will only be processed in order to
   grant you access to our online shop and to assign your orders placed
   with us to your user account. When you register and log into your user
   account, the date and time of registration are also saved.

   2. Purpose of the data processing

   Via the user account you can view and edit your stored data (e.g. your
   orders) at any time. The evaluation of the date and time of
   registration is the guarantee of the integrity of our online shop and
   the prevention of misuse by individual users.

   3. Legal basis

   The legal basis for the processing of personal data is Art. 6 para. 1
   lit. a DSGV for registration and Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO for
   evaluation.

   4. Duration of storage

   You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future and
   thus terminate your user account. In this case, the data stored on your
   user account will be deleted - subject to statutory retention periods.

   5. Objection, revocation, and removal possibility

   You may at any time revoke or object to the processing of your personal
   data, which we collect within the scope of your use of our corporate
   identity. Please send us an informal email to hi@senic.com.

‍

   Senic
   EN
   /
   DE
   Bag
   Senic
   EN
   /
   DE
   Bag

Our Products

   Friends of Hue Smart Switch
   Buy
   Nuimo Control
   Buy
   Nuimo Click
   Buy
   Help CenterContactAbout UsJournal
   Software UpdatesJobsNewsletterImprintPrivacyTerms & Conditions
   © 2018 Senic GmbH
   Your bag
   Your shopping bag is empty
   Our online shop is currently down for maintenance. Please contact us at
   support@senic.com or on EU: +49 151 646 70237 / USA: +1 888 311 8401 to
   place an order.
   FOH-3-BL
   Friends of Hue - Three Switch Bundle
   0
   FOH-3-WH
   Friends of Hue - Three Switch Bundle
   0
   FOH-1-WH
   Friends of Hue - One Switch
   0
   FOH-1-BL
   Friends of Hue - One Switch
   0
   DO-18-USA
   Enocean Dongle
   0
   DO-18-EU
   Enocean Dongle
   0
   HU-18-UK
   Nuimo Hub
   0
   HU-18-USA
   Nuimo Hub
   0
   HU-18-EU
   Nuimo Hub
   0
   COA-WH
   Nuimo Control Add-On
   0
   COA-BL
   Nuimo Control Add-On
   0
   COS-WH
   Nuimo Control Starter Kit
   0
   COS-BL
   Nuimo Control Starter Kit
   0
   CL-18-BL-US
   Nuimo Click Add-On
   0
   CL-18-BL-EU
   Nuimo Click Add-On
   0
   CL-18-WH-US
   Nuimo Click Add-On
   0
   CL-18-WH-EU
   Nuimo Click Add-On
   0
   CLS-1-BL-US
   Nuimo Click Starter Kit
   0
   CLS-1-BL-EU
   Nuimo Click Starter Kit
   0
   CLS-1-WH-US
   Nuimo Click Starter Kit
   0
   CLS-1-WH-EU
   Nuimo Click Starter Kit
   0
   Subtotal
   0.00€
   Buy Now
   Try Now

   © 2019 Senic GmbH
   ImprintTerms & ConditionsPrivacy
   NewsletterJobsSupport
