   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation Aaron Tohuvavohu
     * Spacecraft Status
     * Home
     * Posts
     * Talks

Aaron Tohuvavohu

Observatory Duty Scientist for NASA Swift

Penn State University

     *
     *

Email: (PGP public key)

aaronb <at> swift <dot> psu <dot> edu

Physical address:

301 Science Park Road, Suite 332
State College, PA 16803

   I am an Observatory Duty Scientist for the NASA Swift satellite
   observatory based at Penn State, and an author for Astrobites.
   Previously I worked with Wolfram building tools for quantum computing
   simulations. My current research focuses on multi-messenger
   astrophysics (with gravitational waves, neutrinos, and light), Fast
   Radio Bursts, and indirect dark matter detection. Generally I am
   interested in using high-energy astrophysical phenomena as probes of
   fundamental physics. I also do a lot of work on next generation
   rapid-response scheduling for space telescopes in the high-alert-rate
   transient era. Previously I worked on some peculiarities of quantum
   fields on curved space-times, and did a project in neutrino cosmology.

   In previous lives I worked as a custom frame builder, composite repair
   technician, mechanic, apprentice shipwright, and climbing guide.

   You can find most of my papers here.

Recent Posts

Swift acrobatics in response to GW170817

   Tue, Dec 12, 2017

   Below you will see a visualisation of the maneuvers that the Swift
   spacecraft performed in the course of its tiling observations in
   response to GW170817. This campaign was comprised of 744 individual
   pointings that covered 92% of the galaxy-convolved gravitational wave
   error region. Swift is the only spacecraft that can perform this type
   of fast-response tiling, and will remain so for the foreseeable future.
   The video shows a skymap. The large and small red circles are the sun
   and moon constraints on the sky, respectively.

   Read more

Enabling amateur astronomers to contribute to counterpart searches to
gravitational wave events

   Sat, Oct 21, 2017

   On August 17, 2017 the first object ever detected with both
   gravitational waves and light was found, now known as AT 2017gfo. The
   initial LIGO/Virgo and Fermi GBM alerts sent astronomers all over the
   world dashing to their telescopes to try and localize the
   electromagnetic counterpart in the relatively small (compared to past
   events) but still quite large localization region. The counterpart was
   independently found in the first night of searching by several
   different teams, though the Swope Supernova Survey were the first to
   report it.

   Read more

The Aliens and Presidents Puzzle

   Thu, Sep 1, 2016

   This post is about a very tricky math puzzle, and really has very
   little to do with aliens or presidents. This puzzle made the rounds
   stumping people at Reed College in 2014, and was created by my friend
   Steve Silverman (who seems to have an unlimited supply of unique
   puzzles of his own design). All credit for cleverness and ingenuity
   goes to him. This post was written because there were several people
   who did not believe that this puzzle had a real, unique, solution or
   else that there was some wordplay involved rather than mathematics.

   Read more

What is Tohuvavohu?

   Sun, Aug 28, 2016

   The first one-and-a-half lines of Genesis go as follows: …בראשית ברא
   אלהים את השמים ואת הארץ. והארץ היתה תהו ובהו וחשך על־פני תהום In the
   Hebrew text above, the phrase ‘Tohu va-vohu’ is in bold, the 3rd and
   4th words of the second sentence (right-to-left). These lines are
   commonly translated as: “In the beginning, God created the Heavens and
   the Earth. And the Earth was Tohu va-vohu and darkness was on the face
   of the deep…”

   Read more

Selected Talks

   Upcoming:
   July 10: Invited seminar at Columbia University on joint gamma-ray/GW
   sub-threshold searches with Swift/BAT.

                                    2019

   June 6: Invited colloquium at the Albert Einstein institute in Hanover,
   on The search for UV and gamma-ray transient counterparts to
   gravitational wave events.
   April 25: Invited talk at the Enabling Multi-messenger Astrophysics in
   the Big Data Era Workshop .
   January 8: Talk at the American Astronomical Society #233 titled 'Swift
   in the gravitational wave era: results from O2 and optimization for the
   future.'

                                    2018

   Dec 2: Poster and sparkler talk at the Gravitational Wave Physics and
   Astronomy Workshop titled 'Chasing the LIGO lobes across the sky:
   Increasing the GW/GRB yield with Swift/BAT biasing.'
   May 16: Talk at the FRIB Neutron Star Merger summer school titled
   'Swift's sGRB legacy and new capabilities for the multi-messenger era.'
   May 11: Talk at the Swift X-ray Telescope Team Meeting at the Open
   University, UK titled 'Searching for the 3.5 keV line in M31 and
   ultra-faint dwarfs with Swift'.

                                    2017

   November 7: Lunch talk to the Astro department at Penn State on Swift's
   hunt for EM counterparts to gravitational-wave events.
   November 5: Talk at the Mid-Atlantic APS titled Searching for the
   radiative decay of sterile neutrino dark matter with Swift XRT.
   October 30: Lay-talk to a public audience at Astronomy on Tap: State
   College titled 'Hearing and Seeing the Universe: Hunting for EM
   counterparts to gravitational-waves with Swift.' Video.
   October 19: Talk titled Swift as a follow-up engine for GW triggers:
   Improving for O3 at the IAU Symposium Gravitational Wave Astrophysics:
   Early Results from GW Searches and Electromagnetic Counterparts in
   Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
   October 14: Talk titled 'The absence of (true) bound states for the
   single-particle Dirac equation on the Kerr black hole' at the 27th
   Midwest Relativity Meeting in Ann Arbor, Michigan.

   © 2017 Aaron Tohuvavohu · Powered by the Academic theme for Hugo.
