   #my6sense » Feed my6sense » Comments Feed alternate alternate my6sense
   RSS2 Feed

   my6sense

     * Platform
     * Features
     * Ad Networks
     * Group Publishers
     * DSPs
     * Blog
     * About
     * Contact Us
     * Menu

My6sense Privacy Policy

   My6sense Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively,
   “My6sense”, “Company” “we” or “us”) respect the privacy of our
   customers and their customers and authorized customers, including
   without limitation any publisher, advertiser, demand side partner,
   supply side partner, or any other person or entity with whom My6sense
   may have a contractual relationship or which otherwise obtains access
   to or uses My6sense’s proprietary native advertising and ad-exchange
   platform or any other solution offered by My6sense from time to time
   (collectively, the “My6sense Platform”) and any related services
   provided by My6sense (respectively, the “Services” and the “User”
   or “you”). My6sense is committed to protect the personal information
   that is collected by it with respect to its Users and/or End-Users (as
   defined below) while using the My6sense Platform and/or Services. We
   believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the
   information we may collect and use when you visit and/or use the
   My6sense Platform and/or use our Services. To the extent you are an
   End-User, this Privacy Policy provides information regarding My6sense’s
   privacy practices, including details with respect to the information
   that may be collected about you during your use of the publisher’s
   Properties (as defined below).

1. Your Consent (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!)

   BY ENTERING, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING OR USING THE MY6SENSE PLATFORM
   AND/OR BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET
   FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY POLICY”), INCLUDING TO THE
   COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR AND YOUR END-USERS’ PERSONAL
   INFORMATION (AS DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED
   HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE MY6SENSE PLATFORM OR SERVICE.

   FOR AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION,
   PROCESSING, TRANSFER AND USE OF YOUR AND/OR YOUR END-USERS’ PERSONAL
   INFORMATION. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONFIRM THAT YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED
   TO PROVIDE US WITH YOUR AND/OR YOUR END-USERS’ PERSONAL INFORMATION AND
   THAT SUCH INFORMATION IS VOLUNTARILYPROVIDED TO US.

2. Which information may we collect on our users?

   We may collect two types of data and information from our Users:
    1. Non-identifiable and anonymous information (“Non-personal
       Information”). We are not aware of the identity of the User from
       whom we have collected the Non-personal Information. Non-Personal
       Information is any unconcealed information which does not enable
       identification of an individual User, and which is available to us
       while such User is entering into and/or using the My6sense
       Platform. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists
       of technical information, behavioral information and aggregated
       information, and may contain, among other things, the activity of
       the User on the My6sense Platform, type of operating system, type
       and version of browser, keyboard language, screen resolution, etc.
    2. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”). This
       information may identify an individual or may be of a private
       and/or sensitive nature.

     * Users of the My6sense Platform and/or the Services automatically
       provide their IP address or other unique identifier (if applicable)
       mainly for enhancing the User’s experience and for geo-location and
       security purposes as further detailed below.
     * When opening an account, You may be required to provide the
       following registration details, for the purposes of opening an
       account and logging in to My6sense Platform: full name, e-mail
       address, company name, website, phone number and a password.

   For avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Information connected or
   linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal
   Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.

   We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you
   without your approval, which is obtained, inter alia, through your
   active acceptance of this Privacy Policy or any other agreement or
   policy, which references or incorporates the provisions of this Privacy
   Policy or that is transferred to us through one of your partners who
   has obtained your consent for the collection and transfer of the
   applicable Personal Information.

3. How Do We Collect Information on Our Users?

   There are a few methods that we use:
    1. We collect information through your entry and use of the My6sense
       Platform or Services. In other words, when you are using the
       My6sense Platform and Services we are aware of it and may gather,
       collect and store the information relating to such usage.
    2. We collect information which you decide to provide us voluntarily.
       For example, we collect Personal information when you contact us
       through the contact form or when you open an account.
    3. We collect information via our partners. Certain of our partners
       with whom the My6sense Platform and Services are connected to,
       collect information about users, and transfer that information to
       us, so that we can provide and improve our Services.
       We may gather, collect and store such information either
       independently or through the help of our authorized third-party
       service providers as detailed below.

4. What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?

Non-personal Information is collected in order to:

     * Use it for statistical and research purposes and for customization
       and improvement of the My6sense Platform and Services.
     * Enhance the User’s experience while using the My6sense Platform and
       Services.

Personal Information is collected in order to:

     * Facilitate the general operation of the My6sense Platform and
       Services.
     * Provide and personalize our Services to our Users.
     * Verify the User’s identity when he/she signs in through his/her
       account.
     * Provide Users with updated information regarding our products and
       services.
     * Be able to contact Users for the purpose of providing them with
       technical assistance, billing for their use of the Services and
       support.
     * Determine general geolocation information (i.e., country) from
       which the User’s computer is connected to the Internet in order for
       us to know the general location of the My6sense Platform’s Users as
       well as in order to safeguard the My6sense Platform.

Note to our Users in the EU:

   In order for My6sense to collect and process your Personal Information,
   as detailed herein, such processing must be justified by a “basis” for
   processing. Please note that the processing may be justified on the
   basis that:
     * the collection and processing is based on your consent;
     * the collection and processing is necessary for your performance of
       services offered to you;
     * the collection and processing is necessary to enable My6sense to
       comply with a legal obligation (e.g. disclosure of information to
       authorities); or

   If you have any question or require any clarifications regarding the
   basis for processing your Personal Information, please contact us.

5. Sharing Information with Third Parties

   My6sense will not share any Personal Information it collects with any
   third party, other than in the following circumstances: (a) to satisfy
   any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental
   request; (b) to enforce this Privacy Policy, including investigation of
   potential violations thereof; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise
   address security or technical issues; (d) to respond to claims that
   contact information (e.g. name, e-mail address, etc.) of a third-party
   has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of
   harassment; (e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
   the Company, its Users or the general public; (f) by virtue of
   undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger,
   acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of
   the Company, so long as such acquirer maintains the same privacy terms
   hereunder; or (g) pursuant to your approval prior to the disclosure,
   either obtained directly or through one of our partners. Note, that we
   collect, hold and/or manage Personal Information through My6sense’s
   authorized third parties vendors of certain products or services (such
   as hosting cloud services) (including, as applicable, their affiliates)
   solely and limited to providing us with such requested services, and
   not for any other purposes. Such vendors may be located in a country
   that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.

   For avoidance of doubt, My6sense may transfer and disclose Non-personal
   Information to third parties at its sole discretion, and for any
   purpose, including without limitation for statistical, analytical and
   research purposes and for customization, development and improvement of
   the My6sense Platform and Services.

6. Deletion or Modification of your Personal Information

   In any event, if for any reason you (or any person) wish to delete or
   modify Personal Information, you can do so within your account.
   Otherwise, please send us an e-mail with adequate detail of your
   request to: support@my6sense.com and we will make reasonable efforts to
   modify or delete any such Personal Information pursuant to any
   applicable privacy laws. Note that unless otherwise explicitly
   specified herein and/or unless you instruct us otherwise we may retain
   your Personal Information for as long as reasonably required for the
   purposes of which such Personal Information was collected and/or when
   necessary to comply with My6sense’s legal obligation, dispute
   resolutions and the enforcement of My6sense’s agreements, all as
   permitted under any applicable privacy laws. Please note that we are
   not obligated to store Personal Information for perpetuity and disclaim
   any liability arising out of, or connected to the destruction of
   Personal Information. You should be aware that it is not always
   possible to completely delete or remove your information from our
   databases due to the conduction of backups.

   Aggregated and/or anonymous information derived from your use of the
   My6sense Platform or Services may remain on our servers indefinitely.

Note to our Users in the EU:

   We hereby inform you of the following rights (by virtue of EU law) with
   respect to the processing of your Personal Information:
     * Right to access: you may have the right to request a review of your
       Personal Information held by My6sense.
     * Right to rectification: if the Personal Information processed by
       My6sense is incorrect, incomplete or not processed in compliance
       with applicable law or this Privacy Policy, you may have the right
       to have your Personal Information rectified.
     * Right to erasure: under certain conditions, you may be entitled to
       require that My6sense will delete or “block” your Personal
       Information (e.g. if the continued processing of a specific data is
       not justified).
     * Right to Portability: you may have the right to transfer your
       Personal Information between data controllers (i.e. to transfer
       your Personal Information from My6sense to another entity).
     * Right to object to or withdraw consent: where that lawful basis for
       processing your Personal Information is either “public interest” or
       “legitimate interests”, those lawful bases are not absolute, and
       you may have a right to object to such processing. If the
       processing of your Personal Information is based on your consent,
       you have the right to withdraw your consent to such processing at
       any time.
     * The right to restrict processing – under certain circumstances, you
       may have the right to object to the processing of your Personal
       Information due to your particular situation.
     * Right to lodge a complaint: you have the right to lodge a complaint
       before the relevant data protection authority or supervisory
       authority of your jurisdiction.

   To exercise these rights, where applicable, please contact My6sense
   at support@my6sense.com.

7. What is our Privacy Policy with respect to the Publisher’s End-Users?

   In order to provide you with our Services and, inter alia, serve
   advertisements to publisher’s websites, application or other properties
   (including without limitation, any content contained therein)
   (collectively, the “Properties”), and in order to constantly improve
   our Services, we and our advertisers may collect, use and disclose
   certain data related to the end-users of the publisher’s Properties
   (the “End-User(s) Data” and the “End-Users”, respectively).

Which information we may collect on Publisher’s End-Users?

   End-User Data consists of the following types of information:
     * End-Users Non-personal Information: Non-personal Information is any
       unconcealed information which does not enable identification of an
       individual End-User. Non-personal Information is available to us
       and may be available to our advertisers while End-Users are
       accessing or using the publisher’s Properties. Non-personal
       Information which is being gathered may consist of technical
       information, behavioral information or aggregated information, and
       may contain, among other things: technical data, e.g. type of
       operating system and configuration, screen resolution, screen
       density, web browser software, the activity of the End-User on the
       Properties, End-User’s ‘click-stream’, usage patterns and other
       statistical data, the time the End-Users were engaged with the
       advertisements in the publisher’s Properties, etc.
     * End-Users Personal Information: We and our advertisers may collect
       the following Personal Information: the End-User’s IP address,
       geo-location (country, region, city) and/or other behavioral
       information related to a particular End-User’s engagement with
       advertisements on the Properties. However, please note that the IP
       address collected by My6sense on behalf of our customers, is
       anonymized as soon as technically feasible by changing its last
       octet to zeros.

   For avoidance of doubt, any Non-personal Information connected or
   linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal
   Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
     * How Do We Collect End-User Data?  We and our advertisers may
       collect End-User Data once the publisher displays on its Properties
       advertisements which were delivered through the My6sense Platform
       and/or Services. The End-User Data is collected by use of common
       web tracking methods (e.g., cookies, web beacons, etc.) and
       measuring time intervals. When End-Users interact with
       advertisements on the Properties which are served through the
       My6sense Platform and/or Services, the advertiser sponsoring the
       promoted advertisements may implement such web-based tracking
       methods, in which case the End-User will be also subject to the
       advertiser privacy policy. We and our advertisers may gather,
       collect and store the information either independently or through
       the help of our authorized third-party service providers as
       detailed below.
     * What are the Purposes of the Collection of End-User Data? We and
       our advertisers may use the End-User Data in order to provide the
       publisher the Services, i.e., for the purpose of displaying
       advertisements of our advertisers on the publisher’s Properties and
       for facilitating the general operation of the My6sense Platform,
       including without limitation the recommendation engine included in
       the My6sense Platform that matches native ads to both page content
       and End-Users, in real-time. For example, we will collect Personal
       Information in order to determine geo-location information from
       which the End-User is connected to the Internet in order to serve
       advertisements through the My6sense Platform and/or Service based
       on such End-User’s location.  We may use the web browsing
       information in order to show the End-User specific advertisements
       that we or our advertisers think will be of interest for the
       End-User (i.e., to match relevant advertisement to End-Users). In
       addition, we and our advertisers may collect End-User Data in order
       to (i) create statistics and other aggregate information and
       analysis with respect to the publisher’s End-User’s engagement with
       advertisements which are served to the Properties through the
       Service; (ii) use it for statistical, analytical and research
       purposes and for customization, developing and improvement of our
       Services; (iii) for general campaign performance in order to report
       to advertisers and demand side partners; (iv) to determine the
       amounts to bid, pay or offer for impressions, clicks or units of
       ad-inventory; and/or (v) detect fraudulent activities that occur
       while the publisher’s End-Users are engaging with advertisements on
       the Publisher’s Properties.
     * Sharing End-User Data with Third Parties. We share End-Users Data
       in order to fulfill the purposes mentioned above, including with
       our advertisers and other demand-side partners.
     * Deletion or Modification of End-User Data.  We usually have no
       direct relationship with the publisher’s individual End-Users and
       we do not send communications to the publisher’s End-Users. We will
       comply with all applicable laws with respect to deletion and
       modification of personal information. Aggregated and/or anonymous
       data may remain on our servers indefinitely.
     * Children/Minors End-User Data.  The publisher agrees that it will
       not use the My6sense Platform and/or Services in connection with
       any Properties directed to Minors. The term “Minor” shall mean a
       Child as such term is defined under the Children’s Online Privacy
       Protection Act of 1998 and the rules promulgated by the Federal
       Trade Commission (FTC) under that Act, including but not limited to
       the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule 16 C.F.R. Part 312
       (the “COPPA”) or any other under-age individual as defined by
       applicable children protection legislation in any relevant
       jurisdiction. The publisher will (i) notify My6sense in writing of
       any Properties which are or may be considered as a “Child Property”
       under the COPPA, and (ii) to the extent required by applicable
       laws, implement reasonable commercial means within the Properties
       for identifying Minors when the Properties are not primarily
       directed at children under such age; all in order to enable
       My6sense to block collection of information from Minors. If the
       publisher learns that any information transferred to us via the
       Services includes Personal Information collected from Minors, the
       publisher is hereby requested to inform us immediately and we will
       delete that information as quickly as possible. With respect to End
       Users in the European Economic Area, we do not collect any Personal
       Information that we can know or verify is related to a person under
       16 years of age.
     * Tracking Methods with respect to End-Users. When the publisher’s
       End-Users are engaging with advertisements that are served to the
       publisher’s Properties via the My6sense Platform and/or Services,
       My6sense and/or third party advertisers or DSPs may use
       industry-wide tracking methods (e.g., cookies, web beacons, etc.)
       which store certain information on the Properties (“Methods”) and
       which allow us or such third parties to collect certain data for
       the purpose of serving advertisements through the use of the
       My6sense Platform and/or Services (including without limitation,
       serving advertisements that may be of interest to End-Users). The
       Methods may store non-personal information as well as the user’s
       persistent identifier. In such case, End-Users will be subject to
       such third party advertisers’ privacy policy.
     * Third Party Service Providers. In order to provide our Services
       and/or fulfill the purposes mentioned in above, we may make use of
       third party service providers in the course of collecting, storing
       and/or processing the End-User Data. My6sense uses commercially
       reasonable efforts to engage with third parties that post a privacy
       policy governing their collection, processing and use of
       non-personal and personal information. Please note, however, that
       we do not control such third party service providers.
     * “Do Not Track” and Opt-out of Certain Third Parties’ Interest-Based
       Services.  We may provide advertisements to publisher’s End-User’s
       based on their browsing behavior. The publisher should notify its
       End-Users that we and our authorized third party advertisers may
       serve the publisher’s End-Users behavioral advertisements. Please
       note that activation of any applicable “Do-not-track” settings on
       the End-Users’ web browser will normally cease all tracking
       activities by My6sense Platform and Services, depending however on
       the type and functionality of this browser’s option, and may not
       cease all tracking activities by all our authorized third party
       advertisers. My6sense is not responsible for effectiveness of, or
       compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or
       the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
     * End-Users may request to delete, transfer or access any Personal
       Information stored by My6sense about them. In order to do so,
       please email: support@my6sense.com.

8. Minors

   The My6sense Platform and/or the Service are intended for Users over
   the age of sixteen (16). My6sense does not intend and does not
   knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of
   sixteen (16) and does not wish to do so. We reserve the right to
   request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors
   under the age of sixteen (16) are not using the My6sense Platform. If
   we learn that we unlawfully collected Personal Information from
   children under the age of sixteen (16) we will delete that information
   as quickly as possible. Please contact My6sense
   at support@my6sense.com if you have reasons to suspect that My6sense
   collected Personal Information from children under the age of sixteen
   (16) and will delete that information as quickly as possible. It is
   hereby clarified that the documents you provide us access to may
   include information regarding children under the age of sixteen (16)
   only in the event that the legal guardian of such child has agreed to
   such use, all as required under any applicable laws.

9. Security

   We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of
   the My6sense Platform, Services and End-User Data that we collect and
   prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally
   accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures. The
   Personal Information is hosted on the Amazon hosting servers, which
   provide advanced strict security standards (both physical and logical).
   In addition we employ highly secure services design and implementation
   using encryption and architectures mechanisms. Please note, however,
   that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the
   Internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee
   that unauthorized access or use will never occur. MY6SENSE SHALL NOT BE
   RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, HACKING, OR OTHER
   SECURITY INTRUSIONS OR FAILURE TO STORE OR THE THEFT, DELETION,
   CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF ANY DATA OR INFORMATION.

10. Third Party Service Providers

   In order to provide the My6sense Platform and/or Services we may be
   using third party service providers, who may collect, store and/or
   process the information detailed herein. My6sense uses commercially
   reasonable efforts to engage with third parties that post a privacy
   policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal
   and personal information.  Such services may include without
   limitation, Amazon cloud services which its privacy policy can be found
   at: http://aws.amazon.com/privacy/; Google Analytics, which its Privacy
   Policy can be found
   at: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Please read such
   third party service providers’ terms of use and privacy policies to
   understand their privacy practices.

11. Links to Third Party Websites

   Certain links provided through the My6sense Platform and/or Services
   permit our Users to enter non-My6sense sites or services. My6sense is
   not responsible or liable for such linked sites and services’ privacy
   practices and/or any other practices. Your access to, use of and
   reliance upon any such sites, services and content and your dealings
   with such third parties are at your sole risk and expense. Those linked
   sites and services are provided solely as a convenience to you. Most of
   such linked sites and services provide legal documents, including terms
   of use and privacy policy, governing the use thereof. It is always
   advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and
   services, inter alia, in order to know what kind of information they
   are collecting.

12. Cookies and Other Tracking Methods.

   When you access or use the My6sense Platform, we or our third party
   service providers may use industry-wide tracking methods such as
   “cookies” or other similar technologies (such as web beacons) which
   store certain information on your computer or browser (“Cookies“),
   which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features
   and make your experience much more convenient and effortless. We or our
   authorized third party service providers may use both session cookies
   (which expire once you close the My6sense Platform) and persistent
   cookies (which stay on your system until you delete them). In addition,
   when interacting with the Service, if the End-User clicks on an
   advertisement, the advertiser sponsoring the promoted advertisement may
   place a cookie on the End-User browser, in which case the End-User will
   be subject to the advertiser privacy policy. It is easy to disable or
   delete Cookies. Most browsers will allow you and the publisher’s
   End-User to erase cookies from your or his/her computer’s hard drive,
   block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is
   stored. However, if you or the publisher’s End-User disable or erase
   cookies, your online experience may be limited and we and the
   advertisers may not be able to tailor the advertisements properly.
   My6sense does not control such third party service providers.

13. International Data Transfer

   In order to facilitate the operation of the My6sense Platform and to
   provide the Service, we may transfer and/or disclose information
   collected about you and the publisher’s End-User, including Personal
   Information, to affiliated entities, or to other third party service
   provides (as provided herein) across borders and from your country or
   jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
   Please note that we may transfer such information to a country and
   jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your
   and the publisher’s End-Users’ jurisdiction, and you and the
   publisher’s End-Users consent to such transfer of information.

14. Changes to the Privacy Policy

   My6sense reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so
   please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of
   substantial changes of this policy on the homepage of our website
   at http://www.My6sense.com and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding
   such changes to the e-mail address that you may have provided us with.
   Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such
   notice was provided on the My6sense Platform or sent by e-mail,
   whichever is the earlier. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy
   Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date and your
   continued use of the My6sense Platform after the Last Revised date will
   constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
   In the event that the Privacy Policy should be amended to comply with
   any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or
   as required by law and without any prior notice.

15. Got any Questions?

   If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy,
   you are most welcome to send us an email to the following
   address: support@my6sense.com.

     * Platform
     * Features
     * Ad Networks
     * Group Publishers
     * DSPs

   Menu

     * Platform
     * Features
     * Ad Networks
     * Group Publishers
     * DSPs

     * About
     * Join Us
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy

   Menu

     * About
     * Join Us
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy

   Facebook-f Linkedin-in Twitter

   Scroll to top
   #my6sense » Feed my6sense » Comments Feed alternate alternate my6sense
   RSS2 Feed

   my6sense

     * Platform
     * Features
     * Ad Networks
     * Group Publishers
     * DSPs
     * Blog
     * About
     * Contact Us
     * Menu

Programmatic White Label Native Advertising Platform

   GET ON BOARD

An End-to-End Solution

Full flexibility and control to support any business model

White Label Solution

   Ready-to-implement, fully-featured native advertising platform.

Cross-Network Exchange

   Connect to third-party demand and supply; trade with other networks on
   the platform.

Digital Intuition®

   Patented algorithm delivers advanced content personalization and
   optimized performance.

Increase Your Revenue. Expand Your Brand.

Quickly and easily add a native advertising network to your portfolio

Reach and Scale

   Grow your network through an open programmatic RTB exchange

Time-to-Market

   Accelerate your market penetration with our solution

Superior Algorithm

   Optimize content recommendations from learned user behavior

Adaptive Model

   Works with any business blueprint; a suite of tools for full control
   I'm Convinced

All Native Ad Units in a Single Platform

InFeed, Recommendation Widgets, In-Ad, Side-Rail, Text Widgets, and more.

   Previous
   Next

Don’t Miss Out.

   Native advertising is the fastest growing segment, experiencing 35%
   year over year growth and reaching $21B by 2018.

   70% of Internet users say they would rather learn about new products
   through content than traditional ads.

   Optimize content recommendations Specifically, the native programmatic
   advertising segment is expected to grow 40% each year and reach $9B by
   2018.
   Let's do this

     * Platform
     * Features
     * Ad Networks
     * Group Publishers
     * DSPs

   Menu

     * Platform
     * Features
     * Ad Networks
     * Group Publishers
     * DSPs

     * About
     * Join Us
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy

   Menu

     * About
     * Join Us
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy

   Facebook-f Linkedin-in Twitter

   Scroll to top
