     * View
     * Edit
     * History
     * Print

Séminaire Philippe Flajolet

   Séminaire bimestriel de combinatoire à l'Institut Henri Poincaré

   Le Séminaire de Combinatoire Enumérative et Analytique, rebaptisé
   Séminaire Philippe Flajolet le 7 avril 2011, a pour objectif de couvrir
   un large spectre de recherche en combinatoire, et est ouvert à tous les
   chercheurs et étudiants intéressés.

   Il se tient un jeudi tous les deux mois à l'IHP, plus de détails ici.

   Les séances de l'année 2019 - 2020 auront lieu :
     * jeudi 3 octobre 2019 - IHP, amphi Hermite
     * jeudi 28 novembre 2019 - IHP, amphi Hermite
     * jeudi 30 janvier 2020 - IHP, salle 314
     * jeudi 2 avril 2020 - IHP, amphi Hermite
     * jeudi 28 mai 2020 - IHP, salle 314

Prochaine séance le 3 octobre 2019

     * 11h00 - 12h00 : Éric Fusy (CNRS, École Polytechnique),
       Intervalles de Tamari généralisés et cartes planaires orientées
       .

   La combinatoire des intervalles de Tamari, initiée par Chapoton, est
   une domaine très actif depuis une dizaine d'années, avec de riches
   propriétés énumératives. En particulier une construction due à Bernardi
   et Bonichon (s'appuyant sur les bois de Schnyder) établit une bijection
   entre intervalles de Tamari de taille n et triangulations à n sommets
   internes. Le treillis de Tamari a été récemment étendu par
   Préville-Ratelle et Viennot aux treillis dits de nu-Tamari, et dans ce
   contexte on parle d'intervalles de Tamari généralisés. Fang et
   Préville-Ratelle ont montré que les intervalles généralisés sont en
   bijection avec les cartes planaires non-séparables, par une approche
   bijective à base d'arbres étiquetés de parcours en profondeur. Nous
   montrerons ici deux autres approches bijectives. La première s'appuie
   sur les décompositions séparantes de quadrangulations et est une
   extension de la bijection de Bernardi et Bonichon. La seconde
   spécialise la bijection de Bernardi et Bonichon aux intervalles de
   Tamari dits synchronisés, qui s'identifient aux intervalles
   généralisés.
   Travaux en commun avec Abel Humbert.
     * 14h00 - 15h00 : Brigitte Vallée (CNRS, Université de Caen),
       The Depoissonisation quintet: Rice-Poisson-Mellin-Newton-Laplace
       .

   The Depoissonisation process is central in various analyses of the AofA
   domain. I first recall the two possible paths that may be used in this
   process, namely the Depoissonisation path and the Rice path. The two
   paths are rarely described (for themselves) in the literature, and
   general methodological results are often difficult to isolate amongst
   particular results that are more directed towards various applications.
   The main results for the Depoissonisation path are scattered in at
   least five papers, with a chronological order which does not correspond
   to the logical order of the method. The Rice path is also almost always
   presented with a strong focus towards possible applications. It is
   often very easy to apply, but it needs a tameness condition, which
   appears a priori to be quite restrictive, and is not deeply studied in
   the literature. This explains why the Rice path is very often
   undervalued.
   Second, the two paths are not precisely compared, and the situation
   creates various "feelings": some people see the tools that are used in
   the two paths as quite different, and strongly prefer one of the two
   paths; some others think the two paths are almost the same, with just a
   change of vocabulary. It is thus useful to compare the two paths and
   the tools they use. I also "follow" this comparison on a precise
   problem, related to the analysis of tries.
   The talk also exhibits a new framework, of practical use, where the
   tameness condition of Rice path is proven to hold. This approach,
   perhaps of independent interest, deals with the inverse Laplace
   transform, which does not seem of classical use in this context. It
   performs very simple computations. This adds a new method to the
   Depoissonisation context and explains the title of the talk
   I then conclude that the Rice path is both of easy and practical use :
   even though (much?) less general than the Depoissonisation path, it is
   easier to apply.
     * 15h00 - 16h00: Omid Amini (CNRS, École Polytechnique),
       Logarithmic tree factorials
       .

   To any rooted tree we associate a sequence of numbers that we call
   logarithmic factorials of the tree. This provides a generalization of
   the work of Manjul Bhargava to a combinatorial setting suitable for the
   study of questions around generalized factorials.
   The aim of the talk will be to present basic aspects of this framework
   with connections to algebra, number theory, and probability, and to
   discuss several open questions.
     * Page Principale
     * Où et Quand ?
     * Philippe Flajolet

   Archives
     * Liste des anciens orateurs
     * 2019 - 2020
     * 2018 - 2019
     * 2017 - 2018
     * 2016 - 2017
     * 2015 - 2016
     * 2014 - 2015
     * 2013 - 2014
     * 2012 - 2013
     * 2011 - 2012
     * 2010 - 2011

   Organisation
     * Comité Scientifique
     * Soutien

   edit SideBar

   Page created by Marie Albenque and last modified on September 18, 2019,
   at 10:38 AM

   Enlighten theme originally by styleshout, adapted by David Gilbert,
   powered by PmWiki
