   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] My favourites
     * You have no favourite ads.
       Click on the
       symbol on an advert to add it to your list.

   [ ] English
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Buy
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       All properties for sale
     * ( ) Rent
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       All properties to rent
     * Holidays
     * ( ) Regions
       ( ) In France
          + All properties in France
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Brittany
          + Burgundy
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Franche-Comté
          + Ile de France (Paris outskirts)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Loire Valley
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas-de-Calais
          + Normandy
          + Overseas collectivities
          + Overseas regions
          + Picardy
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhone-Alps
          + Western Loire
       ( ) In Belgium
          + Properties in Belgium
          + Brussels-Capital
          + West Flanders
          + Flemish Brabant
          + Antwerp
          + Walloon Brabant
          + East Flanders
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) In the world
          + All properties in the world
          + Portugal
          + Greece
          + Spain
          + Morocco
          + Switzerland
          + United States
          + Italy
          + Mauritius
          + Netherlands
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + United Arab Emirates
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Leaf through the magazine
     * ( ) The agencies
       (*) The best luxury specialists
          + Agencies speaking French
          + Agencies speaking English
          + Agencies speaking Spanish
          + Agencies speaking Dutch
          + Agencies speaking Italian
          + Agencies speaking German
          + Agencies speaking Russian
          + Agencies speaking Portuguese
       Find the right specialist

   GENERAL TERMS OF USE
   OF THE BELLES DEMEURES
   WEBSITE AND APPLICATION

   CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY

   1. RECITALS

   1.1 PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL TERMS OF USE

   These General Terms of Use (hereafter referred to as the “GTU”) aim at
   defining the terms and conditions of use of the Website accessible in
   particular from the address www.bellesdemeures.com (hereafter referred
   to as the “Website”) and the related application (hereafter referred to
   as the “Application”) that the company SELOGER (hereafter referred to
   as the “Company”) makes available to the internet users (hereafter
   referred to as the “Users”).

   1.2 IDENTIFICATION OF THE PUBLISHER

   The Website is published by the company:
   SELOGER
   French Société par Actions Simplifiée (simplified joint-stock company)
   with share capital of € 1 501 800
   Registered office: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18, France
   Paris Trade and Companies Registry no. B 425 074 481
   Intra-community VAT number: FR 54 425 074 481

   1.3 DIRECTOR OF PUBLICATION

   The Website’s Director of Publication is Mr Bertrand GSTALDER.

   1.4 CONTACT THE COMPANY

   The User may contact the Company:
   • by letter sent to the address indicated: SELOGER (Belles Demeures –
   Services Clients) – 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris Cedex 18, France
   • by email: contact@bellesdemeures.com
   • by telephone (+33 1 56 77 56 77) every day from 9.00 a.m. to 6.00
   p.m., excluding public holidays in France (call without surcharge).
   • by fax (+33 1 56 77 56 78)

   1.5 WEBSITE HOST

   Iliad Entreprises
   FREE SAS
   8, rue de la Ville l’Evêque – 75008 PARIS
   SIRET 42193886100034
   +33 899 70 01 01
   Equinix France
   114 rue Ambroise Croizat
   93200 Saint Denis
   France
   +33 1 48 17 65 00

   2. DEFINITIONS

   For the purpose of these GTU, the words beginning with a capital letter
   will have the following meaning:

   “Application” : refers to the interactive electronic service run by the
   Company, accessible from any terminal with an internet connection, by
   free downloading from the AppStore or by consultation via a web
   browser, enabling, where appropriate, after being installed, to access
   the Services.

   “Data” : refers to the personal data as defined in article 4 of the
   (EU) Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27th
   April 2016 related to the protection of private individuals as regards
   the processing of personal data and the free distribution of such data
   (hereafter referred to as the “General Regulation on Data Protection”)
   provided by the User to the Company or collected by the Company upon
   use of the Website, Application and/or Services.

   “Real-estate Partners” : refers to the advertisers having entered into
   an agreement with the Company for the publication of advertisements for
   rental and/or sale of real estate on the Website and/or Application.
   The publication of advertisements on the Website and/or Application is
   reserved for advertisers falling within one of the following categories
   :
   • real-estate professionals holding a transaction card (“carte de
   transaction”) or management card (“carte de gestion”) in accordance
   with the Hoguet law no. 70-9 of 2nd January 1970
   • notaries,
   • lawyers performing a subsidiary activity as representative in
   real-estate transactions
   The signature of an agreement for the publication of advertisements on
   the Website and/or Application only covers the publication of
   advertisements for exceptional real-estate property.

   “Website” : refers to the interactive electronic service published and
   run by the Company, accessible in particular at the address
   www.bellesdemeures.com, from which it enables access to its Services.

   “Server” refers to a computer hosting an application service with a
   large amount of disk space on which files are stored.

   “Website Server” : refers to the servers hosting the Website on which
   the Services made available to the User by the Company are installed
   and provided.

   “Services” : refers to the services provided by the Company on its
   Website and/or the Application and described in article 4 of these GTU,
   and their extensions in the form of alerts, newsletters, diary and
   functions of the User’s terminal, required for their operation.

   “User” : refers to any private individual accessing the Website and/or
   Application for a strictly private use.

   3. SCOPE OF APPLICATION, ACCEPTANCE AND AMENDMENT OF THE GTU

   3.1

   These GTU aim at defining the terms and conditions in which the User
   benefits from the Services provided by the Company through its Website
   and/or its Application.
   All of the Services provided by the Company and made available to the
   User are detailed on the Website and/or Application.

   3.2

   The subscription, access or use of the Services implies the unreserved
   and unrestricted acceptance of these GTU by the User.

   3.3

   These GTU may be amended. The GTU applicable are those in force and
   accessible on the Website and/or Application of the Company on the date
   of the User accessing the Website and/or Application.

   3.4

   If the Application has been downloaded from the Apple App Store or the
   Google Play Store, the User has been invited, beforehand, to accept the
   general terms and conditions specific to these two platforms and
   undertakes to respect them.

   4. ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES

   4.1 DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICES

   The Services provided on the Company’s Website and/or Application
   consist in facilitating the User’s search for the purchase and/or sale
   and/or rental of a real-estate property by enabling the latter, in
   particular, to benefit from the following Services, free of charge :
   (i) a service of search and consultation of offers of sale and/or
   rental of real-estate property
   (ii) access to the contact details of the Real-Estate Partners
   publishing offers of sale / rental of real-estate property on the
   Website and/or Application
   (iii) a service of connection with the Real-Estate Partners of the
   Company
   (iv) a free subscription to a newsletter
   (v) an email alert service enabling the User to receive the latest
   offers by email, corresponding to his/her search for property.
   The Services are described in more detail on the Website and/or
   Application. The User is informed that the said Services may evolve on
   a permanent basis. The User is informed and acknowledges that the
   Company’s activity is limited to facilitating the connection between
   the Users and the Real-Estate Partners of the Company. Its
   responsibility may not, in any event, be incurred as regards the
   relations, agreements and discussions that may take place between the
   Users and the Real-Estate Partners of the Company.

   4.2 ACCESS TO THE SERVICES

   The Services are freely and exclusively accessible on line on the
   Company’s Website and/or Application.

   4.3 AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES

   The Company endeavours to make its Services available 24 hours a day, 7
   days a week, independently of any maintenance operations on the said
   Services and/or the Servers and/or the Website and/or the Application.
   In this respect, the Company is bound to an obligation of means.
   The Company reserves the possibility to amend or interrupt, temporarily
   or permanently, at any time, all or part of the Services, without prior
   information to the Users and without indemnity.
   The Company endeavours to ensure the continuity of the Services;
   however, considering the complexity and specific circumstances related
   to the hosting activity, the Company may only be bound to an obligation
   of means in relation to these GTU.
   Consequently, the Company may not be held liable for any difficulties
   or blockage in access, for the slowness of the connection or any other
   technical problem due to situations and/or technical intermediaries
   that are external to the Company.

   5. GUARANTEES – RESPONSIBILITY – FORCE MAJEURE EVENT

   5.1 USER’S GUARANTEE

   By accessing the Company’s Website and/or Application, the User
   declares, warrants and undertakes :
   • to access and use the Website and/or the Application and the Services
   honestly, reasonably, and in a way that does not contradict the terms
   of these GTU and for a strictly personal and not-for-profit use
   • not to use devices or software other than those provided by the
   Company aiming at i) affecting or attempting to affect the smooth
   running of the Website and/or Application and/or Services that it
   contains ii) or at extracting, amending or consulting all or part of
   the Website and/or Application, even in buffer or temporary memory, or
   for a personalised use
   • not to access and/or use the Website and/or the Application and/or
   the Services provided by the Company on the said Website or Application
   for unlawful purposes and/or with a view to infringing the reputation
   and brand image of the Company or more generally infringing the rights,
   in particular the intellectual property rights, of the Company and/or
   third parties
   • not to market the Services and/or access to the Services and/or
   access to the Website and/or the Application, directly or indirectly
   • not to reuse all or part of the Website and/or Application and
   Services that they contain, in particular for commercial purposes
   and/or collective purposes and/or personal purposes in a format and/or
   with media that is not authorised by the Company
   • not to operate the Services provided by the Company or data to which
   he/she may have access via the said Services and/or the Website and/or
   the Application for directly or indirectly commercial purposes and/or
   for personal purposes in a format and/or with media that is not
   authorised by the Company
   • not to reproduce or show all or part of the Website and/or the
   Application for private purposes other than the legal exceptions
   specified, in particular by the French Intellectual Property Code, or
   with a view to direct or indirect marketing in particular with a third
   party
   • not to limit access and use of the Website and/or Application and/or
   Services
   • not to amend, including in buffer or temporary memory, any
   information or element of the Services and/or the content of the
   Website and/or Application
   • not to contravene the provisions of articles 323-1 to 323-7 of the
   French Penal Code punishing so-called “hacking” practices
   • not to use and/or exploit the electronic and/or postal details of the
   other Users of the Website and/or the Application, with a view to mass
   mailing of unsolicited emails and “spamming”
   In the event of breach of one of these obligations and without this
   list being complete, the User acknowledges and accepts that the Company
   will be entitled to refuse the User’s access to all or part of the
   Website and/or the Application, unilaterally and without prior notice.

   5.2 COMPANY’S GUARANTEE

   The Company provides the User, through its Website and/or Application,
   with access to a certain number of Services aiming at assisting the
   User in his/her real-estate project.
   The User is perfectly aware that the Company cannot, in particular,
   guarantee the outcome given :
   • to real-estate rental and/sale advertisements that he/she may have
   consulted on the Website and/or Application;
   • to the answers that may be given to him/her further to his/her
   requests for contact with the Real-Estate Partners having published
   real-estate rental and/or sale advertisements;
   •  and more generally to the User’s special requirements.
   The Company declines all responsibility regarding the reliability
   and/or relevance of the content published by the Real-Estate Partners
   on the Website and/or the Application, the said content being put on
   line and published under their full responsibility.
   The Company will endeavour to put the Users into contact with the
   Real-Estate Partners publishing their content via the Website and/or
   the Application.
   The Company does not guarantee any contractual relation between the
   User and the said Real-Estate Partners.
   The Users acknowledge that the Company does not intervene at any time
   in the exchanges and transactions between the Users and the Real-Estate
   Partners and does not act as a mediator between the Users and the
   Real-Estate Partners.
   Consequently, the tort or contractual liability of the Company may not
   be incurred, in any event, for the signature, lack of signature,
   performance, cancellation or mediation of any contractual relation
   between the Users and the Real-Estate Partners or for the consequences,
   of any kind, resulting from a dispute between the latter.

   5.3 LIMITED LIABILITY

   The User is exclusively liable for the use that he/she makes of the
   Website and/or Application and the Services to which he/she has access
   from the Website and/or the Application.
   The Company may not, in any event, be held liable in relation to legal
   action brought against the User who may be guilty of non-compliant use
   of the Website and/or the Application and/or the Services that he/she
   obtains.
   In this respect, the User acknowledges and accepts that he/she will
   deal personally with any claim or procedure brought against the
   Company, due to the lack of compliant use by the User of the Services
   and/or the Website and/or the Application.
   The Website and/or the Application may contain hypertext links sending
   the User to third parties’ websites.
   In this respect, considering the evanescent nature of the content which
   may be displayed on them, the liability of the Company may not be
   incurred in the event that the content of the said third-party websites
   infringes the legal and/or regulatory provisions in force.
   In any event, the Company may not be held liable:
   • in the event of unavailability of the Services for reasons such as
   failure in the public electricity network, failure in cabled
   telecommunications networks, loss of connection to the internet due to
   public or private operators, in particular of the User, the causes of
   which are due in particular to strike, storms, earthquakes or any other
   cause with the characteristics of a force majeure event;
   • in the case of use of the Services by a User in conditions that do
   not comply with these GTU;
   • within the limits of the legislation in force, for any indirect
   damage, including in particular loss of profits, data or any other loss
   of intangible assets, even if the Company has been informed of the
   potential nature of such damage, that may occur (i) from the use or
   impossibility to use the Services (ii) further to access to the
   Services by an unauthorised User.
   The Company may not be held liable for any malfunction of any kind
   related to the User’s computer equipment or his/her Internet
   connection, upon accessing the Website and/or the Application and more
   generally the Services. More particularly, the Company cannot provide
   guarantees for the User of the Services regarding :
   • problems that the User may encounter related to the speed of
   accessing the Website and/or Application or the speed of the
   installation in the buffer memory of the User’s computer of the videos
   that may be accessed via the Services;
   • the quality of the texts, information, descriptions, photographs and
   videos enclosed with the real-estate rental and/or sale advertisements
   published by the User and/or the Real-Estate Partners and accessible
   through its Services.
   UNLAWFUL CONTENT
   As a hosting service, as stipulated in article 6-I-7 of law no.2004-575
   of 21st June 2004, of the advertisements published under the exclusive
   responsibility of the Real-Estate Partners, the Company cannot
   physically organise a general surveillance of the adverts that it hosts
   on the Website and/or Application and cannot assess their lawful or
   unlawful content.
   Thus, in the event that the User should discover that all or part of an
   advert – put on line on the Website and/or Application by a Real-Estate
   Partner – may contain clearly unlawful content, the User is requested
   to inform the Company of this.
   In order to comply with the provisions of article 6-I-5 of law no.
   2004-575 of 21st June 2004, the User will be requested by the Company
   to give further information by communicating all of the following
   elements in writing:
   • surnames, first names, date and place of birth, postal address;
   • the date of notification of the litigious advert;
   • the number(s) of the litigious advert(s);
   • the URL address(es) of the litigious advert(s);
   • the reasons why the advert should be removed, including the legal
   provisions and evidence of the facts;
   • a copy of the correspondence sent to the advertiser requesting the
   removal or amendment of the advert or the evidence that the advertiser
   could not be contacted.
   In this respect, the User undertakes not to abuse this possibility,
   otherwise he/she acknowledges and accepts the risk of criminal
   proceedings, in accordance with the provisions of article 6.I.4 of law
   no. 2004-575 of 21st June 2004 by which: “The fact that any person
   presents to the persons indicated in 2 (hosts) a content or activity as
   being unlawful with the aim of obtaining its withdrawal or stopping its
   publication, when such person knows that this information is incorrect,
   is punished by one year of imprisonment and a fine of 15 000 Euros”.

   5.4 FORCE MAJEURE EVENT

   The Company’s liability may not be sought if the performance of one of
   its obligations is prevented or delayed due to a force majeure event as
   defined by article 1218 of the French Civil Code as amended by order
   no. 2016-131 of 10th February 2016 and interpreted by case-law examples
   from the French courts, and in particular, without limitation, natural
   disasters, fire, failure or interruption of the telecommunications
   network or electricity network.

   6. CLAIMS – TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE

   For any technical information or information related to the functions
   of the Services accessible via the Website and/or the Application, the
   User may send his/her claim to the contact details indicated in article
   1.4 of this document.

   7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

   7.1 COPYRIGHT ON THE COMPANY’S WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATION

   The Company is holder or licensee of the intellectual property rights
   both of the general structure of the Website and/or Application and its
   content (texts, slogans, graphics, images, videos, photos and other
   content).
   Therefore, in accordance with the provisions of Book 1 of the French
   Intellectual Property Code, any total or partial representation,
   reproduction, amendment, denaturing and/or operation of the Website
   and/or Application and/or its content and/or the Services, by any
   process whatsoever and on any medium whatsoever, without the Company’s
   prior, specific authorisation, is prohibited and constitutes deeds of
   copyright infringement.
   Similarly, any unauthorised operation of the Website and/or the
   Application and/or its content and/or the Services incurs the criminal
   and civil liability of the User on the grounds of copyright
   infringement.
   The Company only intends to disclose the Website and/or the Application
   and the Services in order to enable an access to them on the internet :
   i. from a computer or equivalent terminal with access to one or several
   telecommunications networks enabling access to the internet and a
   browser software on the internet (such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla
   Firefox, etc.);
   ii. from a telephone terminal with access to a telecommunications
   network enabling access to the internet (Wi-Fi connection, 4G, 3G,
   Edge, etc.);
   Any other use of the Website and/or Application and/or Services is
   deemed as automatically reserved for the Company and constitutes an
   infringement of its right to disclosure on the Website and/or the
   Application and/or the Services.

   7.2 DISTINGUISHING FEATURES

   Les marques, logos, dénominations sociales, sigles, noms commerciaux,
   enseignes et/ou nom de domaine de la Société et/ou de ses partenaires
   commerciaux mentionnés sur le Site Internet et/ou sur l’Application,
   permettant l'accès aux Services mis à disposition par la Société,
   constituent des signes distinctifs insusceptibles d'utilisation sans
   l'autorisation expresse et préalable de leur titulaire.The trademarks,
   logos, corporate names, symbols, trade names, brand names and/or domain
   name of the Company and/or its business partners indicated on the
   Website and/or the Application, enabling access to the Services made
   available by the Company, make up distinguishing features that may not
   be used without prior, specific authorisation from their holder.
   Any partial or total representation and/or reproduction and/or use of
   these distinguishing features is therefore prohibited and constitutes
   trademark infringement, in accordance with the provisions of Book 7 of
   the French Intellectual Property Code, usurpation of corporate name,
   trade name and domain name incurring the tort civil liability of its
   perpetrator.

   7.3 DATABASES

   The User acknowledges irrevocably that the Website and/or Application
   and the Services are made up of one or several databases made available
   by the Company as producer of the said databases as specified by the
   provisions of articles L.341-1 and thereafter of the French
   Intellectual Property Code.
   Therefore, in accordance with the provisions of article L. 342-1 of the
   same Code, the User is forbidden from :
   • extracting all or part of the content of one or several databases
   accessible on the Website and/or the Application and/or the Services
   through permanent or temporary transfer, in substantial quality or
   quantity, on another medium, by any means and in any format whatsoever,
   including for the purposes of use or consultation by media and/or
   processes not authorised by the Company;
   • reusing, by making available to the public, all or part of the
   content of one or several databases accessible on the Website and/or
   the Application and/or the Services, in substantial quality or
   quantity, regardless of the format, including by a hypertext link,
   media and/or processes not authorised by the Company;
   • creating, editing, maintaining, updating, importing, exporting,
   making available to third parties, free of charge or in return for
   payment, and participating in the above deeds, of a competing database
   resulting from all or part of one or several databases of the Company;
   • visualising on a screen by processes or media other than those by
   which the Company intends to disclose the Website and/or Application
   and Services.
   • generally speaking, any extraction, use, storage, reproduction,
   representation or conservation, whether direct or indirect, partial or
   total, including in buffer or temporary memory, in substantial quality
   or quantity of the content of one or several databases of the Company,
   performed by one of the processes indicated above is strictly
   prohibited, including by media that is not authorised by the Company.

   7.4 CONTENT OF THE SERVICES

   The User acknowledges and accepts that the access to the Website and/or
   the Application and Services made available by the Company may not
   entail any transfer or licencing whatsoever of the intellectual
   property rights (copyright in particular) and other rights in favour of
   the User.
   Access to the Services is exclusively limited to the User’s personal
   and private use in accordance with the conditions and limits set forth
   in these GTU and in accordance with the provisions of article L.122-5
   2° of the French Intellectual Property Code.
   Thus, the User acknowledges and accepts that the personal and private
   use granted to the latter by the Company, in relation to the access to
   its Services, excludes in particular access to the Services with a view
   to a collective use of their content, the reproduction, representation,
   resale, exchange, rental, transfer to a third party, amendment,
   adaptation, correction, whether free of charge or in return for
   payment, of all or part of the Website and/or the Application and
   Services and their content.

   7.5 HYPERTEXT LINKS

   The hypertext links accessible on the Website and/or Application,
   enabling to access the Services, towards other websites and/or
   applications and generally speaking towards all resources existing on
   the internet, may not incur the Company’s liability.
   The User may not, in any event, set up hypertext links to deep pages of
   the Websites and/or Applications, enabling access to the Services, by
   any technical process aiming at avoiding the User identification field
   or performing site crawling of all or part of the content of the
   Services made available by the Company. “Framing” techniques are
   prohibited, unless previously and specifically authorised by the
   Company.

   8. MISCELLANEOUS TERMS

   8.1 CORRESPONDENCE – PROOF

   Unless otherwise stipulated by a special provision in these GTU, all
   correspondence exchanged between the Company and the User will be sent
   by email. The User acknowledges and accepts that the information
   delivered by the Company by email and on the Website and/or the
   Application is taken as evidence between the User and the Company.
   Elements such as the time of receipt or sending, and the quality of the
   data received will be taken as evidence as a priority as they are shown
   on the Website and/or Application, or as authenticated by the
   computerised procedures of the Company, unless the User provides
   written proof to the contrary. The scope of the proof of the
   information issued by the Website and/or Application is that granted to
   an original document for a written paper document, signed by hand.

   8.2 ENTIRETY OF THE GTU

   These GTU set forth all of the obligations of the Company and of the
   User. The fact that one of the parties does not take advantage of a
   breach by the other party of any of the obligations stipulated in this
   document, may not be interpreted for the future as a waiver of the
   obligation in question.

   8.3 PARTIAL INVALIDITY

   In the event that one or several provisions of these GTU should be
   considered as null and void, deemed as unwritten or declared as such in
   accordance with a law, regulation or further to a decision from a court
   with jurisdiction which has the binding force of res judicata, the
   other provisions will maintain their full value and scope and shall
   remain fully applicable, unless the invalid provision(s) has (have) a
   substantial nature leading their removal to challenge the contractual
   balance.

   8.4 HEADINGS

   In the case of difficulties in interpretation between one of the
   headings of the clauses of these GTU, and the content of the clauses,
   the headings shall be declared as unwritten.

   9. APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

   These GTU are subject to French law. In the event of a dispute related
   to the application, interpretation, validity and performance of these
   GTU, and in the absence of any out-of-court agreement between the
   parties, specific jurisdiction is granted to the French courts.

   10. CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY – PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION

   10.1. PERSONAL DATA

   a) Head of Processing
   The head of processing of the User Data processed by the Company is
   DIGITAL CLASSIFIEDS FRANCE (hereafter referred to as the “DCF”)
   French Société par Actions Simplifiée (simplified joint-stock company)
   with share capital of € 642 609 233
   Registered office: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18, France
   Paris Trade and Companies Registry no. 789 177 391
   SIRET : 789 177 391 00024
   Intra-community VAT number : FR29789177391
   represented by Bertrand GSTALDER

   The Company and DCF which is published the website logic-immo.com
   belong to the same group DCF.

   b) Type of personal data collected from the User by DCF
   The Data that DCF collects from the User or the latter’s terminal may
   include :
   • the User’s surname and first name,
   • his/her postal address,
   • his/her email address,
   • his/her telephone number,
   • his/her year of birth,
   • the IP address of his/her device or the SDK (Software Development
   Kit) number of the Application that he/she uses,
   • his/her unique identifier and password,
   • information related to his/her browsing and interactions with the
   Services, Application and/or Website (search history, forms, cookies,
   etc.),
   • information related to his/her geolocation only if he/she chooses
   this (via the Application),
   • information related to his/her profile on a social media site if the
   latter is public and only if the User decides to link his/her account
   to a social media site and share his/her actions in accordance with the
   conditions specified in the article entitled “CONNECTION VIA SOCIAL
   MEDIA” of these GTU.

   DCF collects information provided by the Users in particular : • upon
   creation of their personal spaces,
   • upon completing and sending contact forms,
   • upon their browsing on the Website and/or Application (consultation
   of adverts, searches, etc.).

   c) Legal grounds for the processing
   In relation to accepting the GTU, and in accordance with article 6.1 of
   the General Regulation on Data Protection, the User is informed that
   the various processing techniques of his/her Data referred to below are
   required (i) for the performance and completion of the Services offered
   by DCF, the supply of which is governed by these GTU constituting the
   agreement signed by the User aiming at accompanying the latter in
   relation to his/her real-estate project; (ii) and for the legitimate
   interests sought by DCF with a view to improving its Services and
   understanding the expectations of the Users, enabling in particular to
   protect the Users’ rights and Data

   d) Purpose of the processing
   The Users’ Data processed by DCF are used for the following purposes :
   • to enable them to create an account,
   • to provide them with the Services available through the Website
   and/or Application,
   • to answer their requests,
   • to draw up general statistics on the traffic on its Website and/or
   the Application and the various sections that they contain,
   • to send them emails with answers, various information or
   advertisements published on the Website and/or Application by DCF or by
   its Real-Estate Partners, customers of DCF,
   • to send them emails with newsletters on the evolution of the Website
   and/or the Application and the various sections of the said Website
   and/or the Application,
   • to have more information on their needs and to simplify their
   browsing and/or to analyse or predict elements about them, such as
   personal preferences, interests, reliability and their conduct,
   • to perform surveys and satisfaction studies.
   The Users’ Data processed by DCF are also used for marketing purposes
   to answer requests for information and canvassing issued by the Users
   to third-party partners, subject to the Users’ specific consent.

   e) Recipients of User’s personal data
   The Users’ Data are communicated to DCF for a number of purposes
   including in order to benefit Services adapted to the Users. Data may
   also communicate to other subsidiaries of DCF Group for client’s
   knowledge.
   The User accepts consequently the sharing of his Data between the
   subsidiaries of DCF Group.
   To know the list up to date of the companies belongs to DCF, the User
   may contact DCF.
   Moreover, the Data may be communicated, in accordance with the laws
   applicable to DCF, for one or several of the purposes described in
   article 10.1 d), to the persons listed below:
   • empowered and authorised staff members of DCF who may be required to
   process the Data,
   • Real-Estate Partners, customers of DCF, that the Users specifically
   wish to contact in order to manage their requests (information on a
   property, agency, estimation request, etc.),
   • IT service providers of DCF in charge in particular of providing a
   service and advertisements adapted to the Users and of assessing the
   number of visits to the Website and/or Application in accordance with
   the provisions of the article entitled “Use of monitoring technologies
   (Website and/or Application)” of these GTU,
   • administrative or court authorities authorised by French law,
   • business partners of DCF when the Users have specifically agreed to
   receive promotional offers from them.

   f) Term of keeping the User’s personal data
   For facilitate the User’s search for the purchase and/or sale and/or
   rental of a real-estate property, the Data are kept by DCF, in
   accordance with the laws applicable to DCF, for a period of 3 years as
   from the User’s last contact with DCF (amendment of his/her account,
   browsing on one of the Websites and/or one of Applications, completion
   of a form on one of the Websites and/or one of Applications, etc.) on
   one of the Websites and/or one of Applications below :
   • www.seloger.com
   • www.selogerneuf.com
   • www.seloger-construire.com
   • www.bellesdemeures.com
   • www.louervite.fr
   • www.lacoteimmo.com
   • www.logic-immo.com
   • www.neuf.logic-immo.com
   • www.construire.logic-immo.com
   • www.lux-residence.com
   • www.immostreet.com

   This information may also be kept for an additional period of 2 years,
   with a restricted and exceptional access, for the purpose of evidence
   in accordance with the legal and regulatory obligations of DCF. The
   documents and accounting items are kept for 10 years, as accounting
   proof.

   10.2 USER’S RIGHT TO OBJECT, ACCESS, RECTIFY AND DELETE DATA

   a) User’s rights
   In accordance with the laws applicable to DCF, the User has the
   possibility of :
   • objecting, at any time for personal reasons, to the processing of
   his/her Data in relation to the Services provided by DCF,
   • objecting, at any time, to the processing of the Data for canvassing
   purposes,
   • objecting to the communication of the Data to third parties, or
   accessing all its Data processed in relation to the Services provided
   by DCF,
   • rectifying, updating and deleting his/her Data in relation to the
   Services provided by DCF,
   • subject to giving evidence of their identity to DCF and when this is
   technically possible, requesting the portability of the only personal
   data that he/she has provided to DCF. Analyses performed by DCF on
   these data are not included in the data provided to DCF,
   • providing DCF with instructions related to the outcome of his/her
   Data after his/her death.
   In the case of use of the right to objection by the User, DCF will stop
   processing the User’s Data, except in the case of legitimate and
   essential grounds for the processing, or to ensure the acknowledgement,
   use or defence of its rights in court, in accordance with the General
   Regulation on Data Protection. Where appropriate, DCF will inform the
   User of the grounds for which the User’s rights may not be totally or
   partially applied.

   b) Methods of implementing the User’s rights
   In order to use his/her rights, the User must simply send a letter to
   DCF using the address details indicated in article 1.2 of the GTU or
   contact DCF via the “Contact us” section, enclosing proof of identity
   with his/her request (indicate surname, first name, email address) – in
   accordance with Chapter III of the General Regulation on Data
   Protection.

   10.3 SECURITY AND ARCHIVING OF THE USER’S PERSONAL DATA

   DCF collects and processes the Data using the greatest confidentiality
   and security, in accordance with the laws applicable to DCF.
   DCF undertakes to take all reasonable measures required for ensuring
   the security and protection of the Data of the Users of its Website
   and/or the Application and its Services, collected and processed by it
   (in particular firewall, physical access control to the data centre,
   authorisations, etc.).

   10.4 DISPUTE SETTLEMENT REGARDING THE PROCESSING OF DATA

   In the event of dispute between DCF and the User regarding the
   processing of the Data, the User may send his/her claim to DCF by
   contacting it using the address details indicated in article 1.2 of the
   GTU. DCF will endeavour to find a satisfactory solution for the User,
   to ensure that the application regulations are respected.
   In the absence of a reply from DCF or if the dispute continues despite
   the proposal from DCF, the User may, in accordance with the provisions
   of the General Regulation on Data Protection, bring a claim before the
   Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (National Data
   Protection Agency) or the authority in charge of data protection in the
   EU Member State in which the User generally lives.

   11. NEWSLETTER AND ALERTS

   In order to keep the User informed of DCF’s news and advantages from
   which he/she may benefit, the latter may receive commercial information
   from DCF electronically (email, sms, etc.). If the User does not wish
   to receive offers and information from DCF, he/she may refuse the
   messages by specifying this, at any time, from the “Subscriptions”
   section of his/her account and clicking on the “unsubscribe” hypertext
   link at the bottom of each electronic message received.
   The User may personalise the reception of newsletters and manage alert
   subscriptions that he/she wishes to receive upon creating his/her
   account or by going to his/her account, section “Subscriptions”. The
   User then has the possibility of selecting the alerts and newsletters
   of interest to him/her from the various categories. The User may stop
   the sending of newsletters and alerts at any time by going to his/her
   account.
   If the User does not make a selection and has not specified any refusal
   upon creating his/her account, he/she may receive information on the
   news involving DCF and newsletters and alerts regarding similar
   products and services to those already consulted by the User on the
   Website and/or Application.

   12. COOKIES

   DCF uses cookies on its Website and/or Application. Cookies are pieces
   of information related to the browsing habits from the computer of the
   User on the Websites and/or Application of DCF and which enable to
   establish which pages he/she has consulted, their date and time of
   consultation. The collection of this information by DCF is detailed in
   the “INFORMATION REGARDING THE USE OF COOKIES”. These cookies never
   enable DCF to identify the User personally. These cookies are kept in
   the User’s computer for a maximum period of thirteen (13) months. The
   User is informed that he/she has the possibility to object to the
   registration of these cookies, in particular by configuring his/her
   internet browser in this respect, as detailed in the “INFORMATION
   REGARDING THE USE OF COOKIES”.

   13. USE OF MONITORING TECHNOLOGIES (WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATION)

   As part of the availability of the Services for the User, DCF uses the
   technologies detailed in this article, of which the User is completely
   informed.
   All of the data collected in relation to the use of the Services, the
   Website and/or Application are processed by DCF and the parties
   indicated in Article 10.1 e) located within and outside of the European
   Union, in particular with a view to performing and providing the
   Services, in accordance with the rules stipulated by the French IT and
   Freedom law and the General Regulation on Data Protection. These data
   will be processed with a view to monitoring the Website and the
   Application, in accordance with the provisions below.
   Access or use of all or part of the Services implies the unrestricted
   and unreserved acceptance of these various technologies by the User.

   a) Use of monitoring technologies on the Website and Application
   DCF uses:
   • the OMNITURE ADOBE ANALYTICS tool (Adobe Systems Incorporated - 345
   Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704 USA) in order to assist
   DCF in understanding how the Website and Application are used via the
   cookies and to improve their content and marketing campaigns
   accordingly. For more information on the procedures to refuse these
   cookies click here : https://www.adobe.com/fr/privacy/opt-out.html
   • the MEDIAMETRIE tool (70 rue Rivay - 92532 LEVALLOIS CEDEX - France)
   in order to assess the visitors to its Website and Application. For
   more information on the procedures to refuse these cookies click here :
   http://www.mediametrie.fr/pages/cookies.php?page=194,
   • the DOUBLECLICK FOR PUBLISHERS and GOOGLE TAG MANAGER tool from
   GOOGLE (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) in
   order to manage publicity and analyse the conduct of the Users on the
   Website and Application. For more information on the procedures to
   refuse these cookies click here :
   https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/2839090?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr
   https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr

   b) Use of monitoring technologies on the Application
   DCF uses :
   • the CRASHLYTICS analysis program (1 Kendall Square, Cambridge, MA
   02139, USA). Crashlytics collects the data regarding the use of the
   Application, in particular as regards breakdowns and system bugs. The
   information on the device used or the version of the Application
   installed, and other information will be used in order to correct the
   bugs, mainly as regards the software and User’s equipment. The User may
   find more information on this matter in the Crashlytics confidentiality
   policy: https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf,
   • the ACCENGAGE program (31, rue du 4 Septembre - 75002 Paris – France)
   in order to manage and analyse the routing campaigns of notifications
   and displays of in-app publicity banners. The User may find more
   information on this matter in the ACCENGAGE confidentiality policy:
   https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/,
   • the FIREBASE program (I22 4th St. Suite 1000 (10th Floor), San
   Francisco, CA 94103, USA) in order to monitor and analyse the
   Application’s uses. The User may find more information on this matter
   in the FIREBASE confidentiality policy:
   https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html,
   • the XAMARIN program (1355 Market St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA
   94103 - USA) enabling to create applications by using the C# language.
   The User may find more information on this matter in the XAMARIN
   confidentiality policy:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement,
   • the HOCKEY APP program (Microsoft Corporation - One Microsoft Way -
   Redmond, Washington 98052-6399 USA) in order to improve its services
   and detect bugs on its Application. The User may find more information
   on this matter in the HOCKEY APP confidentiality policy:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement,
   • the TUNE program (Tune, Inc.2200 Western Avenue, Suite 200 Seattle,
   WA 98121 USA) in order to understand and analyse the performance
   results of the Application. The User may find more information on this
   matter in the TUNE confidentiality policy:
   https://www.tune.com/resources/data-and-privacy/privacy-policies,

   14. CONNECTION VIA SOCIAL MEDIA (Facebook Connect and Google +)

   The Facebook Connect and Connection via Google + functions enable the
   Users to connect to the Application using their Facebook or Google +
   accounts.
   When the Users connect to our Website and/or Application using their
   Facebook or Google + accounts, DCF may have access to certain
   information that you have entered on Facebook or Google +, in order to
   provide them with a personalised and social experience.
   An authorisation to have access to their profile data (profile,
   contacts, contact details, etc.) and to share their activities with
   Facebook or Google + will be asked from them.
   The access by DCF to the data of Facebook or of Google + and the use
   made of this are limited; in particular, DCF only uses the data
   strictly necessary for running the Application.
   The User is informed, via the Application, of the data used and the way
   in which they are used, displayed, shared or transferred.
   If the User connects to the Website and/or the Application by using
   his/her Facebook or Google + identifiers and if his/her friends also
   connect to their account on the Website and/or Application, they will
   know that the User has an account with DCF, unless the User has chosen
   not to be visible for his/her friends on other websites.
   The User may decide which type of information his/her friends may
   access by configuring his/her account in the Applications section of
   the Facebook website.

   INFORMATION REGARDING THE USE OF COOKIES

   When visiting our website, information may be recorded in “cookie”
   files installed on your computer, tablet or mobile telephone.
   This page will help you to understand what a cookie is, what it is used
   for and how to configure it.

   1. WHAT IS A COOKIE?

   A cookie is a text file that may be recorded, subject to your choices,
   in a dedicated space of the hard drive of your device, when consulting
   an online service using your browsing software.
   A cookie file enables its issuer to identify the device on which it is
   recorded, throughout the cookie’s validity period.

   2. WHAT ARE THE COOKIES ISSUED ON OUR WEBSITE USED FOR?

   The cookies used on our website enable to identify the services and
   sections that the user has visited and, more generally, the user’s
   conduct in terms of visits.
   This information is useful in order to provide a better personalisation
   of the services, content, offers and banners that are shown on our
   website and to facilitate browsing on our website.
   Cookies are also necessary for the correct operation of certain
   services or for audience rating purposes.
   Cookies may also be included in advertising areas of our website. Some
   anonymous information may be sent to third parties to enable them to
   adapt their content.

   2.1 Cookies that we issue on our website :

   When you connect to our website, we may be required, subject to your
   choices, to install various cookies on your device enabling us to
   recognise your device’s browser during the validity period of the
   cookie in question.
   The cookies that we issue are used for the purposes described below,
   subject to your choices, as a result of the parameters of your browsing
   software used when visiting our website.
   The cookies enable us to : 1. Facilitate your browsing on our website :
   • by adapting the presentation of our website to your device’s display
   preferences (language used, display resolution, operating system used,
   etc.) during your visits to our website, depending on the visualisation
   or consultation equipment and software that your device has,
   • by memorising the information related to a form that you have
   completed on our website (registration or access to your account) or to
   products, services or information that you have chosen on our website
   (service used, content consulted, etc.),
   • by enabling you to have access to reserved and personalised areas of
   our website, such as your account, through usernames or data that you
   may have provided to us previously
   • by implementing security measures.
   2. Improve our services:
   These cookies enable to draw up statistics and volumes of visits and
   use of the various elements making up our website (sections and content
   visited, browsing patterns, ...) in order to improve the interest and
   ergonomics of our services.
   3. Adapt the publicity offered on our website:
   • by counting the total number of advertisements displayed by us on our
   advertising areas, to identify these advertisements, the number of
   users having clicked on each advertisement and to draw up statistics, •
   by adapting our advertising areas to your device’s display preferences
   (language used, display resolution, operating system used, etc.),
   depending on the visualisation or consultation equipment and software
   that your device has, • by adapting the publicity content displayed on
   your device depending on the browsing of your device on our website,
   • by adapting, where appropriate, the publicity content displayed on
   your device according to the location data transferred by your device
   with your prior consent and
   • by adapting the publicity content displayed on your device depending
   on the personal data that you have provided to us.

   2.2. The cookies issued on our website by third parties:

   The issue and use of cookies by third parties under their
   responsibility are subject to the privacy protection policies of these
   third parties. We inform you of the purpose of the cookies of which we
   have knowledge and the means available to you from these third parties
   for making choices in relation to these cookies.
   You may use your rights in relation to the applicable regulations or
   make a claim directly to the third party in question.
   a) Due to third-party applications included in our website
   We may include computer applications (“plug-ins”) from third parties in
   our website/application, which enable you to share content from our
   website with other persons or inform these other persons of your visit
   or your opinion regarding content from our website/application. This is
   in particular the case for the “Share”, “Like” buttons from social
   media sites such as “Facebook”, “Twitter”, “LinkedIn”, etc.
   The social media site providing such a button may identify you through
   this button, even if you have not used this button when consulting our
   website/application. Indeed, this type of button may enable the social
   media site in question to monitor your browsing on our website, due to
   the simple fact that your account on the social media site was active
   on your device (open session) while you were browsing on our website.
   If you do not want social media to publish your actions from plug-ins
   in your accounts on social media sites, you should sign out from your
   social media sites before browsing on our website/application.
   b) Through third-party content shown in our advertising areas
   The publicity content shown on our website may contain cookies issued
   by third parties: either the advertiser providing the publicity content
   in question or another third-party company (communications advisory
   agency, audience rating company, targeted publicity service provider,
   etc.), which has associated a cookie with the publicity content of an
   advertiser.
   Where appropriate, the cookies issued by these third parties may enable
   them, throughout the validity period of these cookies:
   • to count the number of displays of publicity content shown on our
   advertising areas, to identify the advertisements thus shown, the
   number of users having clicked on each advertisement, enabling them to
   calculate the amounts owed due to this and to draw up statistics,
   • to recognise your device on its future browsing on any other website
   or service on which these advertisers or third parties also issue
   cookies and, where appropriate, to adapt these websites and third-party
   services or the advertisements that they display, to your device’s
   browsing.
   c) By our advertising management firm using our advertising areas
   Our website’s advertising areas may be used by our internal advertising
   management firm and, where appropriate, contain cookies issued by it.
   Where appropriate, the cookies issued enable us, throughout the
   validity period of these cookies :
   • to count the total number of advertisements displayed on our
   advertising areas, to identity these advertisements, their number of
   respective displays, the number of users having clicked on each
   advertisement and, where appropriate, the later action performed by
   these users on the pages to which these advertisements lead, in order
   to calculate the amounts owed to the members of the publicity supply
   chain (advertiser, communications agency, advertising management firm,
   display website/medium) and to draw up statistics,
   • to adapt the advertising areas to meet with your device’s display
   preferences (language used, display resolution, operating system used,
   etc.), according to the visualisation or consultation equipment and
   software that your device has,
   • adapt the publicity content displayed on your device via our
   advertising areas according to the browsing of your device on our
   website,
   • adapt the publicity content displayed on your device via our
   advertising areas according to previous or later browsing of your
   device on third-party websites in which the management firm also issues
   cookies, subject to these cookies having been recorded on your device
   in accordance with the choices that you have made in relation to the
   advertising management firm,
   • to adapt the publicity content displayed on your device through our
   advertising areas according to the location data (longitude and
   latitude) provided by your device with your prior consent and
   • to adapt the publicity content displayed on your device in our
   advertising areas according to the personal data that you may have
   provided.

   3. TERM OF VALIDITY OF THE COOKIES

   The cookies that we issue are configured for a validity period of 13
   (thirteen) months.

   4. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING THE COOKIES

   Several possibilities are available to you for managing the cookies.
   Any configuration that you may perform may amend your browsing on the
   Internet and our website, along with the conditions of accessing
   certain services requiring the use of cookies.
   If you do not accept the recording of cookies on your device, or if you
   delete those that are recorded on it, it is possible that you may no
   longer benefit from a certain number of functions required for browsing
   certain parts of our website.
   This would be the case if you were to attempt to access our content or
   services which require that you identify yourself.
   This would also be the case when we – or our service providers – may
   not recognise, for technical compatibility purposes, the type of
   browser used by your device, its language and display parameters or the
   country in which your device appears to be connected to the internet.
   Where appropriate, we decline all liability for the consequences
   related to reduced functions in our services as a result of the
   impossibility for us to record or consult the cookies required for
   their operation and that you have refused or deleted.
   You may choose at any time to put forward and alter your choices in
   terms of cookies, using the means described below.

   4.1. Blocking a cookie through your browsing software

   You may configure your browsing software so that the cookies are
   recorded on your device or, on the contrary, are blocked, either
   systematically or depending on their issuer. You may also set your
   browsing software so that the acceptance or blocking of cookies is
   offered to you each time, before a cookie may be recorded on your
   device.
   In order to manage the cookies and your choices, setting up each
   browser is different. It is described in your browser’s help menu,
   which will enable you to know how to alter your choices in terms of
   cookies.
   For more information :
   http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/les-cookies/conseils-aux-inter
   nautes/
   For example:
   For Internet Explorer :
   http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
   For Firefox :
   https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies?redirectlo
   cale=fr&redirectslug=Activer+et+d%C3%A9sactiver+les+cookies
   For Safari : https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/fr-ww/cookies/
   For Google Chrome :
   https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=fr&hlrm=en
   For Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
   Etc …
   The "Flash"© cookies of "Adobe Flash Player"™
   "Adobe Flash Player"™ is a computer application which enables the quick
   development of dynamic content using “Flash” IT language. Flash (and
   the applications of the same type) memorise the parameters, preferences
   and use of these contents with similar technology to cookies. However,
   "Adobe Flash Player"™ manages this information and your choices via a
   different interface from that provided by your browsing software.
   As your device may visualise content developed with the Flash language,
   we suggest that you access your Flash cookies management tools directly
   at
   http://www.adobe.com/fr/support/flashplayer/ts/documents/52697ee8.htm

   4.2. Blocking a publicity cookie

   You can manage the use and operation of these cookies by going to the
   publicity cookies management platforms offered by publicity
   professionals :
   http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/controler-ses-cookies/ and by
   following the instructions given there. You may thus find out about the
   companies registered on this platform, which offer you the possibility
   of blocking or accepting the cookies used by them in order to adapt the
   advertisements likely to be displayed to your browsing information.

   4.3. Blocking a cookie issued by a social media site:

   If you do not wish for our website to record cookies issued by a social
   media site, you can click on the following deactivation links which
   will record a cookie within your browser aiming solely at deactivating
   them. Deactivating these cookies will therefore prevent any interaction
   with the social network(s) in question:
   • FACEBOOK : https://www.facebook.com/help/360595310676682/
   • TWITTER :
   https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171379-twitter-prend-en-charge-l
   a-desactivation-du-suivi-dnt#
   • GOOGLE + : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   • LINKEDIN : http://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
   • YAHOO : https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/cookies/
   • YOUTUBE : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   For more information about cookies
   https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-les-outils-pour-les-maitriser

     * Home
     * General Term of Use

   ;

   [X]
   [X] Luxury apartment
     * Luxury apartment for sale Paris
     * Luxury apartment for sale Bordeaux
     * Luxury apartment for sale Cannes
     * Luxury apartment for sale Nice

     * Luxury apartment for sale Montpellier
     * Luxury apartment for sale Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxury apartment for sale Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Luxury apartment for sale Marseille

     * Luxury apartment for sale Lyon
     * Luxury apartment for sale Toulouse
     * Luxury apartment for sale Uccle
     * Luxury apartment for sale Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxury houses and villas
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Paris
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Bordeaux
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Cannes
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Nice

     * Luxury house/villa for sale Montpellier
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Mougins
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Uzès

     * Luxury house/villa for sale Toulouse
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Deauville
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Uccle
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxury real estate
     * Luxury real estate Uccle
     * Luxury real estate Knokke-Heist
     * Luxury real estate Ixelles
     * Luxury real estate Knokke

     * Luxury real estate Antwerp
     * Luxury real estate St-Genesius-Rode
     * Luxury real estate Paris
     * Luxury real estate Bordeaux

     * Luxury real estate Cannes
     * Luxury real estate Nice
     * Luxury real estate Montpellier
     * Luxury real estate Aix-en-Provence

   [ ]
   LUXURY NEWS

   Exclusive venues, prestigious events stay informed of the luxury
   market.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   You email address is only used by Digital Classifieds France to send
   you Belles Demeures newsletters. You may unsubscribe at anytime using
   the link within the newsletter. Find out more about data management and
   your rights.

   [ ] Our applications

   A Belles Demeures application is available specifically for iPhone and
   iPad. Available in France only.
   Apple store
   Discover
     * [ ] France
          + Luxury real estate
          + All cities
          + All departments
          + All regions
          + All offers
     * [ ] Belgium
          + Luxury real estate
          + All the sections of communes
          + All the Communes
          + All the Arrondissements
          + All the Provinces
          + All offers

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] International site
               o International site
               o Belgian site
          + About us
          + Our offer
          + Contact us
          + GCU-Privacy Policy
          + Functions of our website

   [ ] Follow us

   [ ] Our offers
     * Real estate in France
     * New build
     * Real estate professionals
     * Price m² and estimation
     * Build your house
     * Offices and commercial premises
     * Holiday rentals
     * Webmarketing Real estate
     * Real estate in Belgium
     * Seasonal rental

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] My favourites
     * You have no favourite ads.
       Click on the
       symbol on an advert to add it to your list.

   [ ] English
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Buy
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       All properties for sale
     * ( ) Rent
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       All properties to rent
     * Holidays
     * ( ) Regions
       ( ) In France
          + All properties in France
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Brittany
          + Burgundy
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Franche-Comté
          + Ile de France (Paris outskirts)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Loire Valley
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas-de-Calais
          + Normandy
          + Overseas collectivities
          + Overseas regions
          + Picardy
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhone-Alps
          + Western Loire
       ( ) In Belgium
          + Properties in Belgium
          + Brussels-Capital
          + West Flanders
          + Flemish Brabant
          + Antwerp
          + Walloon Brabant
          + East Flanders
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) In the world
          + All properties in the world
          + Portugal
          + Greece
          + Spain
          + Morocco
          + Switzerland
          + United States
          + Italy
          + Mauritius
          + Netherlands
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + United Arab Emirates
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Leaf through the magazine
     * ( ) The agencies
       (*) The best luxury specialists
          + Agencies speaking French
          + Agencies speaking English
          + Agencies speaking Spanish
          + Agencies speaking Dutch
          + Agencies speaking Italian
          + Agencies speaking German
          + Agencies speaking Russian
          + Agencies speaking Portuguese
       Find the right specialist

Narrow the search

   Reset
   [ ] Buy
     * Buy
     * Rent
     * Holiday rentals

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Search
   More Criteria
   Create an alert

   Create an alert

   31892 Exceptional properties

luxury

   Sort
   [ ] Selection
     * Selection
     * Price descending
     * Price ascending
     * Date of publication
     * Surface descending
     * Surface ascending

   [ ] Our ads ranking rules

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 85 m², 4 Rooms, Paris 11ème.
     * 9

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 85 m² Paris 11ème

   3,100 €

   3 bedrooms

   This furnished apartment85 m² (about 914 ft²), in a building of 6
   floors comprises 4 rooms including 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet.
   It is provided with a living room and with a Separate kitchen. It's
   located on the 3rd floor with a lift. Heating : Individual. Others :
   parquet floor.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 100 m², 4 Rooms, Paris 13ème.
     * 10

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 100 m² Paris 13ème

   3,135 €

   3 bedrooms 2 Terraces 1 parking space

   This furnished apartment (Apartment) 100 m² (about 1075 ft²), built in
   2002 duplex, in a building of 6 floors comprises 4 rooms including 3
   bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. It is provided with a living room, with a
   None, with a terrace and with a parking lot. It's located on the 6th
   floor with a lift. Heating : Individual.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 275 m², 5 Rooms, Uccle.
     * 27

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 5 Rooms • 275 m² Uccle

   7,500 €

   3 bedrooms Swimming pool Terrace

   Uccle, Wellington area, in a quiet and green area, exceptional
   furnished apartment of ± 275m ² finishing upscale renovated with taste
   in 2007 in a building of 1980 with beautiful terrace of 40m ² south
   including superb receptions of 100m ², large Semi-open kitchen of 24m ²
   super equipped, master bedroom with dressing and bathroom with shower
   adjoining the master bedroom, 2 bedrooms of 15 and 14sqm with dressing
   room each, 1 bathroom, laundry, large garage box, two cellars , Fitted
   wardrobes and cupboards, alarm, air conditioning in the master bedroom,
   exterior electric shutters throughout, electrical interior blinds
   throughout. Ref: '2994200'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 220 m², 4 Rooms, Uccle.
     * 22

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 220 m² Uccle

   3,395 €

   3 bedrooms Terrace

   Located in a quiet area of Uccle near Avenue Montjoie and Edith Cavell,
   D Day offers this beautiful penthouse completely renovated in 2014
   located in a beautiful private park. Total area of ± 220m² comprising:
   Entrance hall, cloakroom, dining room, spacious living room of ± 55m²,
   a first bedroom of ± 19m² with its bathroom (jacuzzi) / shower, a
   second bedroom of ± 16m² accompanied by its bathroom, a third bedroom /
   office with shower room, fully equipped kitchen (cold room, wine
   fridge, etc. ..), 4 toilets. Cupboard integrated in all the apartment.
   Terrace of ± 60m² park view. High finish and quality materials. Three
   parking spaces, cellar, attic.Charges of euros 600 including everything
   except electricity. Info and visits: info@jour-j Ref: '4720MW'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 215 m², 5 Rooms, Brussels City.
     * 10

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 5 Rooms • 215 m² Brussels City

   3,330 €

   4 bedrooms

   W-0297HM Beautiful renovated apartment offering +/- 215m ² living space
   opposite the Parc du Cinquantenaire. It is composed as follows: large
   entrance hall with cloakroom and guest toilet, a large and bright
   living room of +/- 73m², a separate fully equipped kitchen, a laundry
   area, night hall with 4 bedrooms (+/- 12m², 12sqm, 15sqm and 25sqm)
   including one with dressing room and bathroom, a shower room and a
   separate toilet. Others: armored door, videophone, nice finishes,
   cellar and 2 parking spaces in the building. Charges: 330 euros / month
   (common, provisions heating and water) Possibility of parking: 150
   euros/month PEB: D; CO2: 40 Exceptionally located next Mérode, close to
   Montgomery Square and at a walking distance from Parc du Cinquenten
   Ref: '3130158'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 140 m², 4 Rooms, Brussels City.
     * 11

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 140 m² Brussels City

   2,750 €

   3 bedrooms

   Ixelles, apartment furnished of 140m², located on the 1st floor, living
   room of 50m² with parquet and fireplace, fully equipped kitchen, 3
   bedrooms with parquet floors, 2 bathrooms, cellar, 1 to 2 cars,
   heating. Ref: '3492482'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 16 Rooms, Antwerp 1.
     * 13

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 16 Rooms Antwerp 1

   9,000 €

   15 bedrooms

   In a quiet environment, this apartment has 16 rooms including 15
   bedrooms. It has a living room and a None. It's located on the 1st
   floor with a lift. Heating : Gaz.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 220 m², 4 Rooms, Ixelles.
     * 20

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 220 m² Ixelles

   4,200 €

   3 bedrooms Terrace

   In a quiet environment, this apartment220 m² (about 2365 ft²), built in
   2018, in a building of 6 floors comprises 4 rooms including 3 bedrooms,
   1 bathroom and 1 toilet. It is provided with a None, with a terrace,
   with 2 garages and with a cellar. It's located on the 2nd floor with a
   lift. Heating : Gaz. Others : parquet floor.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 96 m², 3 Rooms, Ixelles.
     * 8

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 3 Rooms • 96 m² Ixelles

   2,900 €

   2 bedrooms

   In a quiet environment, this furnished apartment96 m² (about 1032 ft²),
   in a building of 8 floors has 3 rooms including 2 bedrooms and 1
   bathroom. It has a living room, a Kitchen/dining room, a garage and a
   cellar. It's located on the 3rd floor with a lift. Others : intercom,
   parquet floor.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 164 m², 4 Rooms, Ixelles.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 164 m² Ixelles

   2,850 €

   3 bedrooms

   IXELLES (Molière/Merjay), à deux pas de la place Brugmann, dans un
   immeuble de prestige (entièrement remis à neuf), sublime appartement de
   +/- 164m², comprenant: hall d'entrée, wc invités avec lave mains,
   espace buanderie + chaudière individuelle, living, cuisine full
   équipée, hall de nuit, 3 chambres, sdb + wc, sdd, placards encastrés,
   double vitrage partout, cave, garage box en supplément (200
   euros/mois). Libre immédiatement. BAIL SOCIETE POSSIBLE !!! Pour
   conditions et visites: 02 344 88 84 / rent@tribel-immo.be /
   www.tribel-immo.be (PEB: D+) Ref: '6608 - 739'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 152 m², 6 Rooms, Paris 6ème.
     * 19

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 6 Rooms • 152 m² Paris 6ème

   7,200 €

   4 bedrooms Terrace 1 Balcony 1 parking space

   EMPTY RENTAL. Rue Notre Dame des Champs, in the immediate vicinity of
   the Luxembourg Gardens the agency Dauphine 7th district offers you on
   the 5th floor of a recent building. An apartment of 152 m² including an
   entrance, a large living room opening onto a terrace of 65 m², a master
   suite with dressing room and shower room, three bedrooms, one with
   balcony, a kitchen, a bathroom with toilet and a separate toilet. On
   the 4th floor, a space of approximately 36 m² is connected to the
   living room by a staircase. A cellar and a parking included. Apartment
   redone (parquet and paint) Quiet and bright. Monthly rent all charges
   included: 7.200 € including 350 € charges. Security deposit: 6.850,00
   Euros Fees charged to tenants: Leases Alur Law: € 2,274.15 including €
   454.83 for the inventory Leases outside the Alur Law: 10% of the annual
   rent.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 185 m², 4 Rooms, Ixelles.
     * 19

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 185 m² Ixelles

   2,750 €

   3 bedrooms

   +32 476 80 10 91 : 100 meters away from the 'Place Brugmann', beautiful
   groundfloor apartment (+/- 150 sqm) in a nice building with character.
   It is composed as follows: ENTRANCE HALL, KITCHEN (super-equipped and
   opened), LIVING ROOM / DINING ROOM with access to the GARDEN of approx.
   120 m2 facing SOUTH WEST / 2 BEDROOMS (approx. 23 and 20 sqm) / 2
   BATHROOMS. Included in the rent: STUDIO (BEDROOM / SHOWER / LIVING
   ROOM) of approx. 31 sqm. Close to shops, transport, market, etc. To
   discover ASAP. PEB E+ Ref: '19RML004'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 173 m², 4 Rooms, Paris 6ème.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 173 m² Paris 6ème

   5,050 €

   2 bedrooms

   CLOSE TO THE ODEON THEATER, on the 1st floor of a beautiful and
   prestigious listed building from the XVIII century in the heart of
   Saint Germain des Prés, this splendid and fully restored apartment
   features hardwood parquet floors, moldings, and working fireplaces in
   every room. Benefitting from lots of storage, it is very bright,
   enjoying east/west exposure and 4m20 high ceilings.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 83 m², 4 Rooms, Mykonos Neochori- Mylous.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 83 m² Mykonos Neochori- Mylous

   20,000 €

   3 bedrooms

   Apartment for rent at Mykonos island, 83 m², euros 20.000 /month, 1st
   floor, furnished, 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, AC, WC, veranda, living room,
   kitchen, 100m away from the beach Ref: '3750586'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 184 m², 4 Rooms, Uccle.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 184 m² Uccle

   3,520 €

   3 bedrooms Terrace

   Uccle/Wood/At the border of Ixelles. Off the street, exquisite
   groundfloor with garden nestled in a exceptional green scenary. This
   apartment of +/- 184m2 consists of an entrance hall, guest toilet,
   laundry room, fully equipped kitchen, living room, 2 beautiful bedrooms
   with their bathroom or shower and a large office. Terrace and private
   garden (South). Luxurious residence with concierge, shared garden,
   playground, secure areas. Cellar, double glazing, alarm, security door.
   Possibility of parking: + 150 euros. COMPANY LEASE : OK. A must see.
   Viewings: 0471 75 88 89 Ref: '3756827'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Exclusivity Rental, Apartment, 141 m², 5 Rooms, Paris 17ème.
     * 29

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 5 Rooms • 141.15 m² Paris 17ème

   7,500 €

   3 bedrooms 2 Terraces

   In a quiet environment, with an open view and south-east-west exposure
   this furnished apartment141.15 m² (about 1517 ft²), built in 2006 has 5
   rooms including 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. It has a living
   room 46.5 m² (about 500 ft²), a Separate kitchen and a terrace. It's
   located on the 5th floor with a lift. Heating : Electric. Others :
   digicode.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 165 m², 5 Rooms, Saint-Germain-en-Laye.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 5 Rooms • 165 m² Saint-Germain-en-Laye

   4,550 €

   3 bedrooms

   Downtown Saint Germain, located in a former mansion, apartment of 170
   sqm ideally located near the shops, the castle and the RER A. The
   apartment located on the 1st floor of the building includes: entrance,
   release, a fitted kitchen, 3 bedrooms, a living room, a dining room, a
   bathroom, a shower room. A cellar and a garage complete this property.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 100 m², 3 Rooms, Brussels City.
     * 10

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 3 Rooms • 100 m² Brussels City

   2,650 €

   2 bedrooms Terrace

   On a tree-lined avenue, in the heart of Brussels, two bedroom penthouse
   with an area of ± 100 sqm in a new project of first occupation. Located
   on the ninth and last floor, it consists of an entrance hall serving a
   cloakroom/separate toilet, two bedrooms sharing a bathroom and showers,
   a bright living room, a dining room, kitchen 'Obumex' with fully
   equipped island.The apartment also has a pleasant terrace with an
   unobstructed view of the rooftops. Other: cellar, optional parking
   space, double glazed windows, laundry area, video intercom, low
   consumption, VMC, LED light fixtures, curtain rails and curtains
   installed. The Avenue Louise is considered as the 'Champs-Elysées' of
   Brussels. This area is known for its many shops, its night mark Ref:
   '3775349'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 88 m², 4 Rooms, Paris 16ème.
     * 16

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 88 m² Paris 16ème

   3,600 €

   2 bedrooms

   Jasmin neighbourhood. This bright and peaceful 88 sqm apartment is on
   the fourth and top floor of a fine turn-of-the-century building located
   in a peaceful street. It includes a living room and dining room opening
   onto a balcony, a fitted and equipped kitchen, two bedrooms and a
   bathroom. With a 5th floor maid's bedroom. In a convenient location
   near Jasmin metro station and the shops. For a rental under the
   conditions of the Code Civil, fees of 12% of the tax-inclusive charges
   exclusive annual rental shall be applicable.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 160 m², 6 Rooms, Paris 4ème.
     * 13

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 6 Rooms • 160 m² Paris 4ème

   5,900 €

   3 bedrooms

   With an open view this apartment160 m² (about 1720 ft²), built in 1800
   has 6 rooms including 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 1 toilet. It has a
   living room, a None and a cellar. Totally renovated, it's located on
   the 5th floor with a lift. Others : digicode.

   [X]
   [X] Luxury apartment
     * Luxury apartment for sale Paris
     * Luxury apartment for sale Bordeaux
     * Luxury apartment for sale Cannes
     * Luxury apartment for sale Nice

     * Luxury apartment for sale Montpellier
     * Luxury apartment for sale Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxury apartment for sale Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Luxury apartment for sale Marseille

     * Luxury apartment for sale Lyon
     * Luxury apartment for sale Toulouse
     * Luxury apartment for sale Uccle
     * Luxury apartment for sale Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxury houses and villas
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Paris
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Bordeaux
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Cannes
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Nice

     * Luxury house/villa for sale Montpellier
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Mougins
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Uzès

     * Luxury house/villa for sale Toulouse
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Deauville
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Uccle
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxury real estate
     * Luxury real estate Uccle
     * Luxury real estate Knokke-Heist
     * Luxury real estate Ixelles
     * Luxury real estate Knokke

     * Luxury real estate Antwerp
     * Luxury real estate St-Genesius-Rode
     * Luxury real estate Paris
     * Luxury real estate Bordeaux

     * Luxury real estate Cannes
     * Luxury real estate Nice
     * Luxury real estate Montpellier
     * Luxury real estate Aix-en-Provence

     * 0
     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Last Page
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 1595
     *

   This ad has been added to your favourites

    1. Home

     Spain

   [ ]
   LUXURY NEWS

   Exclusive venues, prestigious events stay informed of the luxury
   market.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   You email address is only used by Digital Classifieds France to send
   you Belles Demeures newsletters. You may unsubscribe at anytime using
   the link within the newsletter. Find out more about data management and
   your rights.

   [ ] Our applications

   A Belles Demeures application is available specifically for iPhone and
   iPad. Available in France only.
   Apple store
   Discover
     * [ ] France
          + Luxury real estate
          + All cities
          + All departments
          + All regions
          + All offers
     * [ ] Belgium
          + Luxury real estate
          + All the sections of communes
          + All the Communes
          + All the Arrondissements
          + All the Provinces
          + All offers

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] International site
               o International site
               o Belgian site
          + About us
          + Our offer
          + Contact us
          + GCU-Privacy Policy
          + Functions of our website

   [ ] Follow us

   [ ] Our offers
     * Real estate in France
     * New build
     * Real estate professionals
     * Price m² and estimation
     * Build your house
     * Offices and commercial premises
     * Holiday rentals
     * Webmarketing Real estate
     * Real estate in Belgium
     * Seasonal rental

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] My favourites
     * You have no favourite ads.
       Click on the
       symbol on an advert to add it to your list.

   [ ] English
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Buy
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       All properties for sale
     * ( ) Rent
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       All properties to rent
     * Holidays
     * ( ) Regions
       ( ) In France
          + All properties in France
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Brittany
          + Burgundy
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Franche-Comté
          + Ile de France (Paris outskirts)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Loire Valley
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas-de-Calais
          + Normandy
          + Overseas collectivities
          + Overseas regions
          + Picardy
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhone-Alps
          + Western Loire
       ( ) In Belgium
          + Properties in Belgium
          + Brussels-Capital
          + West Flanders
          + Flemish Brabant
          + Antwerp
          + Walloon Brabant
          + East Flanders
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) In the world
          + All properties in the world
          + Portugal
          + Greece
          + Spain
          + Morocco
          + Switzerland
          + United States
          + Italy
          + Mauritius
          + Netherlands
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + United Arab Emirates
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Leaf through the magazine
     * ( ) The agencies
       (*) The best luxury specialists
          + Agencies speaking French
          + Agencies speaking English
          + Agencies speaking Spanish
          + Agencies speaking Dutch
          + Agencies speaking Italian
          + Agencies speaking German
          + Agencies speaking Russian
          + Agencies speaking Portuguese
       Find the right specialist

   Narrow your search
   ____________________
   Search

   Refine criteria

2191 Luxury estate agencies in France

   Sort
   [ ] Selection
     * Selection
     * Name (A-Z)
     * Name (Z-A)
     * City (A-Z)
     * City (Z-A)

     *
   5 PIECES ET PLUS
       3b rue Louise Michel
       92300 Levallois-Perret
       Agency website
       14 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AB KASHA IMMOBILIER À PARIS
       16 rue de l'Universite
       75007 Paris 7ème
       Agency website
       4 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
          +
          +
               o
               o
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   ACHETER VENDRE LOUER - MAISONS & APPARTEMENTS
       3 chemin Falourdeau
       78750 Mareil-Marly
       Agency website
       32 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
          +
          +
               o
               o
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AGENCE DE HAVILLAND
       18 RUE GOUNOD
       92210 Saint-Cloud
       Agency website
       26 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AGENCE DE VALCROS
       ROND POINT DE VALCROS
       83250 La Londe-les-Maures
       Agency website
       25 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AGENCE DES 4 CHEMINS
       233 ROUTE DE CANNES
       06130 Grasse
       Agency website
       2 Exceptional properties
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   Agence Des Oliviers
       53 RUE DE LA DIVISION LECLERC
       78460 Chevreuse
       Agency website
       1 Exceptional property
          +
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AGENCE DU CHATEAU
       6 RUE DE MELUN
       77240 Seine-Port
       5 Exceptional properties
       Discover
       our agency

     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Last Page
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 274
     *

   [ ]
   LUXURY NEWS

   Exclusive venues, prestigious events stay informed of the luxury
   market.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   You email address is only used by Digital Classifieds France to send
   you Belles Demeures newsletters. You may unsubscribe at anytime using
   the link within the newsletter. Find out more about data management and
   your rights.

   [ ] Our applications

   A Belles Demeures application is available specifically for iPhone and
   iPad. Available in France only.
   Apple store
   Discover
     * [ ] France
          + Luxury real estate
          + All cities
          + All departments
          + All regions
          + All offers
     * [ ] Belgium
          + Luxury real estate
          + All the sections of communes
          + All the Communes
          + All the Arrondissements
          + All the Provinces
          + All offers

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] International site
               o International site
               o Belgian site
          + About us
          + Our offer
          + Contact us
          + GCU-Privacy Policy
          + Functions of our website

   [ ] Follow us

   [ ] Our offers
     * Real estate in France
     * New build
     * Real estate professionals
     * Price m² and estimation
     * Build your house
     * Offices and commercial premises
     * Holiday rentals
     * Webmarketing Real estate
     * Real estate in Belgium
     * Seasonal rental

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Mijn favorieten
     * U heeft geen enkele favoriete advertentie.
       Klik op het symbool
       in een advertentie om het aan uw lijst toe te voegen.

   [ ] Nederlands
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Kopen
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Al het vastgoed te koop
     * ( ) Huren
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
       Alle vastgoed te huur
     * Vakantie
     * ( ) Regio's
       ( ) IN FRANKRIJK
          + Eigendommen in Frankrijk
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Aquitaine
          + Atlantische Loirestreek
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Bourgondië
          + Bretagne
          + Centre Val de Loire
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Elzas
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute Normandië
          + Ile de France (Parijs)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lotharingen
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas de Calais
          + Overzeese collectiviteiten
          + Overzeese departmenten
          + Picardië
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) In België
          + Eigendommen in Belgisch
          + Brussel-Hoofdstad
          + West-Vlaanderen
          + Vlaams-Brabant
          + Antwerpen
          + Waals-Brabant
          + Oost-Vlaanderen
          + Limburg
          + Luik
          + Henegouwen
          + Namen
          + Luxemburg
       (*) WERELDWIJD
          + Eigendommen wereldwijd
          + Portugal
          + Griekenland
          + Spanje
          + Marokko
          + Zwitserland
          + US
          + Italië
          + Maurice
          + Nederland
          + Monaco
          + Luxemburg
          + VAE
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Doorblader het magazine
     * ( ) Kantoren
       (*) De beste specialisten in luxevastgoed
          + Frans sprekende kantoren
          + Engels sprekende kantoren
          + Spaans sprekende kantoren
          + Nederlands sprekende kantoren
          + Italiaans sprekende kantoren
          + Duits sprekende kantoren
          + Russisch sprekende kantoren
          + Portugees sprekende kantoren
       Vind de juiste specialist

   ALGEMENE GEBRUIKSVOORWAARDEN
   VAN DE WEBSITE EN DE APPLICATIE
   BELLES DEMEURES

   PRIVACYBELEID

   1. INLEIDING

   1.1 ONDERWERP VAN DE ALGEMENE GEBRUIKSVOORWAARDEN

   Onderhavige Algemene gebruiksvoorwaarden (hierna aangeduid als “de
   AGV”) hebben als doel de gebruiksvoorwaarden te bepalen van de Website
   die met name toegankelijk is via het adres www.bellesdemeures.com
   (hierna aangeduid als "de Website") alsmede van de bijbehorende
   applicatie (hierna aangeduid als "de Applicatie") die de vennootschap
   SELOGER (hierna aangeduid als "de Vennootschap") ter beschikking stelt
   aan de internetgebruikers (hierna aangeduid als "de Gebruikers").

   1.2 IDENTIFICATIE VAN DE UITGEVER

   De Website wordt uitgegeven door de vennootschap:
   SELOGER
   Vereenvoudigde Aandelenvennootschap met een kapitaal van € 1 501 800
   Maatschappelijke zetel: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18
   HR Parijs B 425 074 481
   Intracommunautair BTW-nummer: FR 54 425 074 481

   1.3 PUBLISHING DIRECTOR

   De publishing director van de Website is de heer Bertrand GSTALDER.

   1.4 DE VENNOOTSCHAP CONTACTEREN

   De Gebruiker heeft de mogelijk contact op te nemen met de Vennootschap:
   • door middel van een aangetekende brief gericht aan SELOGER (Belles
   Demeures – Services Clients) – 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris Cedex 18
   • per elektronische post: contact@bellesdemeures.com
   • per telefoon op nummer +33 (0) 1 56 77 56 77, dagelijks van 9.00u tot
   18.00u, m.u.v. de Franse feestdagen (beltarief zonder toeslag).
   • Per fax op nummer +33 (0)1 56 77 56 78

   1.5 HOST VAN DE WEBSITE

   Iliad Entreprises
   FREE SAS
   8, rue de la Ville l'Evêque – 75008 PARIS
   Bedrijfsnummer (SIRET) 42193886100034
   + 33 (0) 899 70 01 01
   Equinix France
   114 rue Ambroise Croizat
   93200 Saint Denis
   Frankrijk
   +33 (0)1 48 17 65 00

   2. BEGRIPSBEPALINGEN

   Ten behoeve van onderhavige AGV hebben de met een hoofdletter
   beginnende termen de volgende betekenis:

   " Applicatie " : duidt de door de Vennootschap geëxploiteerde
   interactieve elektronische dienst aan die toegankelijk is via iedere
   terminal die beschikt over een Internetverbinding, na deze gratis
   gedownload te hebben in de AppStore of door raadpleging via een
   webbrowser en waarmee men, in het voorkomende geval, na installatie
   toegang heeft tot de Diensten.

   " Gegevens " : duiden de persoonsgegevens aan zoals die bepaald zijn in
   artikel 4 van de Verordening (EU) 2016/679 van het Europees Parlement
   en de Raad van 27 april 2016 betreffende de bescherming van natuurlijke
   personen in verband met de verwerking van persoonsgegevens en
   betreffende het vrije verkeer van die gegevens (hierna aangeduid als "
   Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming ") die door de Gebruiker aan
   de Vennootschap verstrekt worden of die door de Vennootschap vergaard
   worden ter gelegenheid van het gebruik van de Website, de Applicatie
   en/of de Diensten.

   " Vastgoedpartners " : duiden de adverteerders aan die met de
   Vennootschap een contract hebben afgesloten voor de verspreiding van
   advertenties voor de verhuur en/of verkoop van onroerende goederen op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie. De verspreiding van adverteerders op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie is voorbehouden aan adverteerders die
   binnen een van de volgende categorieën passen:
   • professionele vastgoedmakelaars in het bezit van een transactie- of
   beheerkaart overeenkomstig de Franse Wet Hoguet nr. 70-9 van 2 januari
   1970,
   • notarissen,
   • advocaten die een nevenfunctie als gevolmachtigde bij
   vastgoedtransacties bekleden.
   Het afsluiten van een contract voor het verspreiden van advertenties op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie geldt uitsluitend voor de verspreiding
   van advertenties van uitzonderlijk vastgoed.

   " Website " : duidt de interactieve elektronische service aan die
   uitgegeven en geëxploiteerd wordt door de Vennootschap en met name
   toegankelijk is via het adres www.bellesdemeures.com, vanaf welke men
   toegang heeft tot zijn Diensten.

   " Server " duidt een computer aan die een applicatiedienst host en een
   grote schijfruimte heeft waarop bestanden opgeslagen worden.

   " Server van een Website " : duidt de hostingservers aan waarop de
   diensten geïnstalleerd zijn en verleend worden die door de Vennootschap
   ter beschikking van de Gebruiker gesteld worden.

   " Diensten " : duiden de door de Vennootschap op de Website en/of de
   Applicatie verleende diensten aan die beschreven staan in artikel 4 van
   onderhavige AGV, alsmede hun extensies in de vorm van een alert,
   nieuwsbrieven, agenda en functionaliteiten van de terminal van de
   Gebruiker, die nodig zijn voor het functioneren hiervan.

   " Gebruiker " : duidt iedere natuurlijke persoon aan die toegang krijgt
   tot de Website en/of de Applicatie in het kader van een strikt privé
   gebruik.

   3. TOEPASSINGSGEBIED, AANVAARDING EN WIJZIGING VAN DE AGV

   3.1

   Onderhavige AGV hebben als doel het bepalen van de voorwaarden
   waaronder de Gebruiker gebruik maakt van de door de Vennootschap
   verleende Diensten via zijn Website en/op zijn Applicatie.
   Het geheel van de door de Vennootschap verleende en aan de Gebruiker
   ter beschikking gestelde Diensten wordt in detail beschreven op de
   Website en/of op de Applicatie.

   3.2

   De inschrijving op, de toegang tot of het gebruik van de Diensten houdt
   in dat onderhavige AGV zonder enige beperking of enig voorbehoud door
   de Gebruiker geaccepteerd worden.

   3.3

   Aangezien onderhavige AGV gewijzigd kunnen worden, zijn de van
   toepassing zijnde voorwaarden degene die gelden en toegankelijk zijn op
   de Website en/of op de Applicatie van de Vennootschap op de datum van
   toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie door de Gebruiker.

   3.4

   Indien de Applicatie werd gedownload via de App Store van Apple of de
   Google Play Store, werd de Gebruiker bovendien voorafgaand verzocht de
   termen van de algemene voorwaarden van deze twee platforms te
   accepteren en verbindt hij zich laatstgenoemde voorwaarden te
   respecteren.

   4. TOEGANG TOT EN BESCHIKBAARHEID VAN DE DIENSTEN

   4.1. BESCHRIJVING VAN DE DIENSTEN

   De op de Website en/of de Applicatie van de Vennootschap verleende
   Diensten bestaan uit het vereenvoudigen van de handelingen van de
   Gebruiker tijdens het zoeken naar een koop en/of verkoop en/of de
   verhuur en/of huur van een onroerend goed door hem met name in staat te
   stellen gratis van de volgende Diensten gebruik te maken :
   (i) het zoeken naar, bekijken van te koop en/of te huur aangeboden
   onroerende goederen;
   (ii) de toegang tot de adresgegevens van de Vastgoedpartners die houder
   zijn van de te koop / te huur aangeboden onroerende goederen die
   verspreid worden op de Website en/of de Applicatie;
   (iii) het met elkaar in contact brengen van de Vastgoedpartners van de
   Vennootschap;
   (iv) een gratis abonnement op een informatiebrief;
   (v) een e-mail alert waarmee de Gebruiker per e-mail de meest recente
   advertenties ontvangt die overeenkomen met de onroerende goederen die
   hij zoekt.
   De Diensten zijn beschreven op de Website en/of de Applicatie. De
   Gebruiker wordt geïnformeerd dat deze Diensten doorlopend kunnen
   evolueren. De Gebruiker wordt geïnformeerd en erkent dat de activiteit
   van de Vennootschap zich beperkt tot het vereenvoudigen van het met
   elkaar in contact brengen van de Vastgoedpartners van de Vennootschap.
   Zij kan in geen geval aansprakelijk gesteld worden in het kader van de
   contacten, overeenkomsten en discussies die kunnen plaatsvinden tussen
   de Gebruikers en de Vastgoedpartners van de Vennootschap.

   4.2. TOEGANG TOT DE DIENSTEN

   De Diensten zijn vrij en uitsluitend online toegankelijk op de Website
   en/of op de Applicatie van de Vennootschap.

   4.3. BESCHIKBAARHEID VAN DE DIENSTEN

   De Vennootschap doet alles wat in haar macht is om haar Diensten 24/7
   beschikbaar te stellen, onafhankelijk van onderhoudswerkzaamheden aan
   deze Diensten en/of Servers en/of aan de Website en/of de Applicatie.
   Hiertoe heeft de Vennootschap een inspanningsverplichting.
   De Vennootschap behoudt zich de mogelijkheid voor om op ieder moment,
   tijdelijk of permanent alle Diensten of een gedeelte hiervan te
   wijzigen of te onderbreken zonder de Gebruikers hier vooraf over te
   informeren en zonder recht op schadeloosstelling.
   De Vennootschap doet alles wat in haar macht is om de continuïteit van
   de Diensten te verzekeren; rekening houdend met de complexiteit en de
   specifieke omstandigheden van de bijzondere activiteit van de host, kan
   de Vennootschap echter slechts gehouden worden aan een
   inspanningsverplichting op grond van onderhavige AGV.
   Dientengevolge kan de Vennootschap niet aansprakelijk gesteld worden
   voor moeite met, of onmogelijkheid van toegang, een trage verbinding of
   enig ander technisch probleem als gevolg van omstandigheden en/of
   technische tussenkomst van buiten de Vennootschap.

   5. GARANTIES – AANSPRAKELIJKHEID – OVERMACHT

   5.1 GARANTIE VAN DE GEBRUIKER

   Met de toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie van de Vennootschap
   verklaart, garandeert en verbindt de Gebruiker zich:
   • toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie en de Diensten te
   verschaffen en deze te goeder trouw en op een redelijke wijze te
   gebruiken die niet in strijd is met de termen van onderhavige AGV, voor
   een strikt persoonlijk gebruik en zonder winstoogmerk;
   • geen andere voorzieningen of software te gebruiken dan die door de
   Vennootschap verstrekt zijn, teneinde i) de goede werking van de
   Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten die deze bevat aan te
   tasten of trachten aan te tasten ii) of de Website en/of de Applicaties
   in zijn geheel of gedeeltelijk uit te lezen, te wijzigen, te
   raadplegen, zelfs in het buffer- of tijdelijke geheugen of voor een
   geïndividualiseerd gebruik;
   • zich geen toegang te verschaffen tot de Website en/of de Applicatie
   en/of de Diensten die door de Vennootschap op voornoemde Website en/of
   Applicatie verleend worden, of deze te gebruiken voor onrechtmatige
   doeleinden en/of met het doel schade te berokkenen aan de reputatie en
   het imago van de Vennootschap of meer in het algemeen inbreuk te maken
   op de rechten van de Vennootschap en/of van derden, met name die van
   intellectuele eigendom;
   • niet direct of indirect de Diensten en/of de toegang tot de Diensten
   en/of de toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie te verhandelen;
   • niet de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten die deze
   omvatten, in hun geheel of gedeeltelijk te hergebruiken, in het
   bijzonder voor commerciële en/of collectieve doeleinden en/of
   persoonlijke doeleinden in een niet door de Vennootschap toegelaten
   vorm en/of medium;
   • de door de Vennootschap verleende Diensten of de data waartoe hij
   toegang zou kunnen krijgen via voornoemde Diensten en/of de Website
   en/of de Applicatie niet te exploiteren voor direct of indirect
   commerciële doeleinden en/of persoonlijke doeleinden in een niet door
   de Vennootschap toegelaten vorm en/of medium;
   • niet de Website en/of de Applicatie in zijn geheel of gedeeltelijk te
   reproduceren of weer te geven voor privé doeleinden buiten de voorziene
   wettelijke uitzonderingen, in het bijzonder die van het Wetboek van
   intellectuele eigendom, of met het oog op een directe of indirecte
   verhandeling, met name aan derden;
   • de toegang tot en het gebruik van de Website en/of de Applicatie
   en/of de Diensten niet te beperken;
   • geen enkele vermelding of geen enkel element van de Diensten en/of de
   content van de Website en/of de Applicatie te wijzigen, zelfs niet in
   het buffergeheugen;
   • de bepalingen van artikel 323-1 tot 323-7 van het Wetboek van
   Strafrecht met betrekking tot “hacking” niet te overtreden;
   • niet de elektronische gegevens en/of postgegevens van de andere
   Gebruikers van de Website en/of de Applicatie te gebruiken en/of te
   exploiteren met het oog op een mass mailing met een verzoek en het zich
   schuldig maken aan "spamming".
   Indien niet aan een van deze verplichtingen, waarvan de opsomming niet
   uitputtend is, wordt voldaan, dan erkent en aanvaardt de Gebruiker dat
   de Vennootschap de mogelijkheid heeft hem eenzijdig en zonder
   voorafgaande kennisgeving de toegang te ontzeggen tot de Website en/of
   de Applicatie in zijn geheel of gedeeltelijk.

   5.2 GARANTIE VAN DE VENNOOTSCHAP

   De Vennootschap stelt via zijn Website en/of zijn Applicatie de toegang
   tot een bepaald aantal Diensten ter beschikking van de Gebruiker, met
   als doel hem te begeleiden in het kader van zijn vastgoedproject. De
   Gebruiker is zich er volledig van bewust dat de Vennootschap geen
   garantie kan leveren betreffende de gevolgen die gegeven worden:
   • aan de advertenties voor de verhuur en/of verkoop van onroerende
   goederen die hij op de Website en/of de Applicatie heeft willen
   raadplegen;
   • aan de antwoorden die hij ontvangen heeft op zijn verzoeken voor het
   in contact komen met de Vastgoedpartners die advertenties voor de
   verhuur en/of verkoop van onroerende goederen verspreid hebben;
   • en meer in het algemeen aan de bijzondere behoeften van de Gebruiker.
   De Vennootschap kan geen aansprakelijkheid aanvaarden betreffende de
   betrouwbaarheid en/of deugdelijkheid van de door de Vastgoedpartners op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie verspreide contents, aangezien deze
   volledig aansprakelijk zijn voor de door hen online geplaatste en
   verspreide contents.
   De Vennootschap doet alles wat in haar macht is om de Gebruikers in
   contact te brengen met de Vastgoedpartners die hun contents via de
   Website en/of de Applicatie verspreiden.
   De Vennootschap garandeert niet het afsluiten van een contractuele
   relatie tussen de Gebruiker en voornoemde Vastgoedpartners.
   De Gebruikers erkennen dat de Vennootschap in dit opzicht zich op geen
   enkel moment bemoeit met de uitwisselingen en transacties tussen de
   Gebruikers en de Vastgoedpartners en niet optreed als bemiddelaar
   tussen de Gebruikers en de Vastgoedpartners.
   Dientengevolge kan de Vennootschap in geen geval enige
   aansprakelijkheid uit onrechtmatige daad of contractuele
   aansprakelijkheid erkennen voor het afsluiten, niet-afsluiten,
   uitvoeren, oplossen of bemiddelen van enige contractuele relatie tussen
   de Gebruikers en de Vastgoedpartners of voor de gevolgen van welke aard
   dan ook, voortvloeiend uit een geschil tussen laatstgenoemden.

   5.3 AANSPRAKELIJKHEIDSBEPERKING

   De Gebruiker is als enige aansprakelijk voor het gebruik dat hij maakt
   van de Website en/of de Applicatie en de Diensten waartoe hij toegang
   neemt via de Website en/of de Applicatie.
   De Vennootschap kan in geen geval aansprakelijk gesteld worden in het
   kader van een procedure gestart tegen de Gebruiker die zich schuldig
   gemaakt zou hebben aan een niet-conform gebruik van de Website en/of de
   Applicatie en/of de Diensten die deze verleent.
   De Gebruiker erkent en aanvaardt in dit opzicht dat hij persoonlijk
   instaat voor iedere claim of procedure die tegen de Vennootschap wordt
   ingediend als gevolg van een niet-conform gebruik door hem van de
   Diensten en/of de Website en/of de Applicatie.
   De Website en/of de Applicatie kan hyperlinks bevatten die naar
   Websites van derden verwijzen.
   In dit opzicht, rekening houdend met het voorbijgaande karakter van de
   content die hier verspreid kan worden, kan de Vennootschap niet
   aansprakelijk gesteld worden indien de content van deze Websites van
   derden inbreuk zouden maken op de geldende wettelijke en/of
   reglementaire bepalingen.
   De Vennootschap zal in geen geval aansprakelijk zijn:
   • in geval van het niet beschikbaar zijn van de Diensten om redenen als
   een storing op het openbare elektriciteitsnet, een storing op het
   netwerk van telecommunicatiekabels, het verliezen van de verbinding met
   Internet te wijten aan de openbare of privé providers, met name van die
   van de Gebruiker, waarvan de oorzaken met name te wijten zijn aan
   stakingen, storm, aardbevingen of enige andere oorzaak die de kenmerken
   van overmacht heeft;
   • in geval van gebruik van de Diensten door een Gebruiker onder
   voorwaarden die niet conform de termen van onderhavige AGV zijn;
   • binnen de grenzen van de geldende wetgeving, voor iedere indirecte
   schade, met inbegrip van winstderving, verlies van data of enig ander
   verlies van immateriële goederen, en dit zelfs indien de Vennootschap
   geïnformeerd werd over de mogelijkheid van dergelijke schade die zou
   kunnen ontstaan (i) door het gebruik of de onmogelijkheid van het
   gebruik van de Diensten (ii) als gevolg van de toegang tot deze
   Diensten door een hiertoe onbevoegde Gebruiker. De Vennootschap kan
   niet aansprakelijk worden gesteld voor storingen van welke aard dan ook
   aan de hardware van de Gebruiker of aan zijn Internetverbinding,
   tijdens de toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie en meer in het
   algemeen tot de Diensten. Meer in het bijzonder kan de Vennootschap de
   Gebruiker van de Diensten geen garantie bieden betreffende:
   • problemen met de toegangssnelheid tot de Website en/of de Applicatie
   en/of de snelheid van de opslag in het buffergeheugen van de computer
   van de Gebruiker van de video’s die toegankelijk zijn via de Diensten
   die de Gebruiker zou kunnen tegenkomen.
   • de kwaliteit van de teksten, informatie, beschrijvingen, foto’s en
   videobanden toegevoegd aan de advertenties voor verhuur en/of verkoop
   van onroerende goederen die door de Gebruiker en/of de Vastgoedpartners
   gepubliceerd zijn en via deze Diensten toegankelijk zijn.
   ONRECHTMATIGE CONTENT :
   In zijn hoedanigheid van host in de zin van de bepalingen van artikel
   6-I-7 van de Franse wet nr. 2004-575 van 21 juni 2004 van de
   advertenties die verspreid worden onder de exclusieve aansprakelijkheid
   van de Vastgoedpartners, is de Vennootschap feitelijk niet in staat een
   algemeen toezicht te organiseren op de advertenties die zij host op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie en kan zij hier niet van bepalen of deze al
   dan niet onrechtmatig zijn. In het geval van Gebruiker ontdekt dat een
   - door een Vastgoedpartner online geplaatst op de Website en/of de
   Applicatie - advertentie of een gedeelte hiervan een klaarblijkelijk
   onrechtmatig karakter zou kunnen hebben, dan wordt de Gebruiker
   verzocht dit aan de Vennootschap te melden. Overeenkomstig de
   bepalingen van artikel 6-I-5 van de Franse wet nr. 2004-575 van 21 juni
   2004 kan de Gebruiker door de Vennootschap verzocht worden zijn verzoek
   nader te preciseren door schriftelijk de volgende gegevens te
   verstrekken:
   • namen, voornamen, geboortedatum en -plaats, postadres;
   • de datum waarop de omstreden advertentie gemeld is;
   • het/de nummer(s) van de omstreden advertentie(s);
   • het/de adres(sen) van de omstreden advertentie(s);
   • de redenen waarom de advertentie verwijderd moet worden, inclusief de
   vermelding van de wettelijke bepalingen en de feitelijke
   rechtvaardigingen;
   • een kopie van het schrijven aan de adverteerder waarin om
   verwijdering of wijziging van de advertentie verzocht wordt of de
   rechtvaardiging waarom de adverteerder niet gecontacteerd kon worden.
   Hiertoe verbindt de Gebruiker zich geen misbruik te maken van deze
   mogelijkheid en erkent en aanvaardt hij dat hij zich in het
   tegengestelde geval blootstelt aan strafrechtelijke vervolging door
   toepassing van de bepalingen van artikel 6.I.4 van de Franse wet
   2004-575 van 21 juni 2004, volgens welke: “Iedere persoon die aan de
   onder 2 (hosts) vermelde personen een content of een activiteit
   presenteert als zijnde onrechtmatig, met als doel hier de verwijdering
   van te verkrijgen of de verspreiding hiervan te stoppen, terwijl deze
   persoon weet dat dit niet waar is, riskeert een gevangenisstraf van een
   jaar en een boete van 15.000 EUR.”

   5.4 OVERMACHT

   De Vennootschap kan niet aansprakelijk gesteld worden indien en van
   zijn verplichtingen niet uitgevoerd kan worden of met vertraging wordt
   uitgevoerd als gevolg van een geval van overmacht zoals bepaald door
   artikel 1218 van het Burgerlijk Wetboek, zoals gewijzigd door het
   besluit nr. 2016-131 van 10 februari 2016 en geïnterpreteerd door de
   jurisprudentie van de Franse rechtbanken, en met name, zonder zich
   hiertoe te beperken, natuurrampen, brand, storingen aan of
   onderbrekingen van de telecommunicatienetwerken of
   elektriciteitsnetten.

   6. CLAIM – TECHNISCHE BIJSTAND

   Voor alle informatie van technische aard of met betrekking tot het
   functioneren van de Diensten die toegankelijk zijn via de Website en/of
   de Applicatie, wordt de Gebruiker verzocht zijn claim te richten tot de
   adresgegevens vermeld in artikel 1.4 van onderhavig document.

   7. INTELLECTUELE EIGENDOM

   7.1 AUTEURSRECHT OP DE WEBSITE EN/OF DE APPLICATIE VAN DE VENNOOTSCHAP

   De Vennootschap is de houder of de verlener van de rechten van
   intellectuele eigendom, zowel van de algemene structuur van de Website
   en/of de Applicatie, als van de content hiervan (teksten, slogans,
   grafieken, afbeeldingen, video’s, foto’s en andere contents).
   Derhalve, overeenkomstig de bepalingen van Boek I van het Wetboek van
   intellectuele eigendom, is iedere afbeelding, reproductie, wijziging,
   vervorming en/of exploitatie, zelfs gedeeltelijk, van de Website en/of
   de Applicatie en/of zijn content en/of de Diensten, volgens welk
   procedé dan ook en op welke drager dan ook, zonder uitdrukkelijke
   voorafgaande toestemming van de Vennootschap, verboden en staat dit
   gelijk aan vervalsing van de auteursrechten.
   Op dezelfde wijze is de Gebruiker strafrechtelijk en burgerlijk
   aansprakelijk voor iedere niet-toegestane exploitatie van de Website
   en/of de Applicatie en/of de content hiervan en/of de Diensten, op
   grond van de vervalsing van de auteursrechten.
   De Vennootschap is voornemens de Website en/of de Applicatie en de
   Diensten openbaar te maken, teneinde toegang hiertoe op het Internet
   mogelijk te maken en wel:
   i. vanaf een computer of een gelijkwaardige terminal met toegang tot
   een of meerdere telecommunicatienetwerken voor toegang tot het Internet
   en met een softwareprogramma waarmee gebrowsed kan worden (van het type
   Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, enz.);
   ii. een mobiele terminal met toegang tot een telecommunicatienetwerk
   voor toegang tot het Internet (wifi-aansluiting, 3/4G, Edge, enz.);
   Ieder ander gebruik van de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de
   Diensten wordt van rechtswege beschouwd als voorbehouden aan de
   Vennootschap en vormt een inbreuk op haar recht van openbaarmaking op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten.

   7.2 KENMERKEN

   De merken, logo’s, bedrijfsbenamingen, letterwoorden, handelsnamen,
   merknamen en/of domeinnamen van de Vennootschap en/of van zijn
   handelspartners die vermeld worden op de Website en/of op de
   Applicatie, waarmee toegang mogelijk is tot de door de Vennootschap ter
   beschikking gestelde Diensten, vormen de kenmerken die niet gebruikt
   mogen worden zonder uitdrukkelijke, voorafgaande toestemming van hun
   houder.
   Iedere afbeelding en/of reproductie, zelfs gedeeltelijk, van deze
   kenmerken is derhalve verboden en staat gelijk aan merkenvervalsing,
   volgens toepassing van de bepalingen van Boek 7 van het Wetboek van
   intellectuele eigendom, onrechtmatig gebruik van de bedrijfsnaam, de
   handelsnaam en de domeinnaam, vallend onder de burgerlijke
   aansprakelijkheid uit onrechtmatige daad van de dader.

   7.3 DATABASES

   De Gebruiker erkent onherroepelijk dat de Website en/of de Applicatie
   en zijn Diensten bestaan uit een of meerdere databases die ter
   beschikking gesteld zijn door de Vennootschap in haar hoedanigheid van
   producent van deze databases in de zin van de bepalingen van artikel
   L.341-1 en volgende van het Wetboek van intellectuele eigendom.
   Overeenkomstig de bepalingen van artikel L. 342-1 van hetzelfde
   Wetboek, zal de Gebruiker dan ook niet overgaan tot:
   • het uitlezen door middel van permanente of tijdelijke overdracht op
   een andere drager van een kwalitatief of kwantitatief substantieel deel
   van de content van een of meerdere databases die toegankelijk zijn op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten, door welk middel en
   in welke vorm dan ook, ook als dit bedoeld is voor gebruik of
   raadpleging door niet door de Vennootschap toegelaten media en/of
   procedés;
   • het hergebruiken, dankzij het aan het publiek ter beschikking stellen
   van een kwalitatief of kwantitatief substantieel deel van de content,
   zelfs gedeeltelijk, van een of meerdere databases die toegankelijk zijn
   op de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten, in welke vorm dan
   ook, ook via niet door de Vennootschap toegelaten hyperlinks, media
   en/of procedés;
   • het samenstellen, uitgeven, onderhouden, updaten, importeren,
   exporteren, al dan niet tegen vergoeding ter beschikking stellen aan
   derden, en het deelnemen aan voornoemde handelingen, van een
   concurrerende database, afkomstig, zelfs gedeeltelijk, uit een of
   meerdere databases van de Vennootschap;
   • het bekijken op een beeldscherm via een ander procedé of een ander
   medium dan die de Vennootschap op de Website en/of de Applicatie en de
   Diensten voornemens is openbaar te maken;
   • in het algemeen, het direct of indirect uitlezen, gebruiken, opslaan,
   reproduceren, afbeelden of bewaren, zelfs gedeeltelijk, ook in het
   buffer- of tijdelijke geheugen, van een kwalitatief of kwantitatief
   substantieel deel van de content van een of meerdere databases van de
   Vennootschap, met behulp van een van de hierboven vermelde procedés, is
   strikt verboden, ook via niet door de Vennootschap toegelaten media.

   7.4 CONTENT VAN DE DIENSTEN

   De Gebruiker erkent en aanvaardt dat de toegang tot de Website en/of de
   Applicatie en tot de Diensten die door de Vennootschap tot zijn
   beschikking zijn gesteld, in geen geval tot enige overdracht of
   verlening van de rechten van intellectuele eigendom (met name
   auteursrechten) en andere rechten ten gunste van de Gebruiker.
   De toegang tot de Diensten beperkt zich uitsluitend tot het privé en
   persoonlijk gebruik door de Gebruiker binnen de voorwaarden en grenzen
   zoals bepaald in onderhavige AGV en overeenkomstig de bepalingen van
   artikel L.122-5 2° van het Wetboek van intellectuele eigendom.
   De Gebruiker erkent en aanvaardt aldus dat het privé en persoonlijk
   gebruik dat hem verleend is door de Vennootschap uit hoofde van de
   toegang tot zijn Diensten, met name de toegang tot de Diensten met het
   oog op een collectief gebruik van de content hiervan, de reproductie,
   de afbeelding, de wederverkoop, de uitwisseling, de verhuur, de
   overdracht aan een derde, de wijziging, de aanpassing, de correctie, al
   dan niet tegen vergoeding, van de Website en/of de Applicatie, de
   Diensten en hun contents, zelfs gedeeltelijk, uitsluit.

   7.5 HYPERLINKS

   De Vennootschap kan geen aansprakelijkheid erkennen voor de op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie toegankelijke hyperlinks die toegang bieden
   tot de Diensten, richting andere Websites en/of applicaties en in het
   algemeen naar alle op Internet bestaande systeemelementen.
   De Gebruiker kan in geen geval hyperlinks richting de diepe pagina’s
   van de Websites en/of Applicaties plaatsen die toegang bieden tot de
   Diensten en dit, via welk technisch procedé dan ook, bedoeld om het
   identificatieveld van de Gebruiker te omzeilen of over te gaan tot het
   importeren van de content van de door de Vennootschap ter beschikking
   gestelde Diensten of een gedeelte hiervan. De “framing” techniek is
   verboden, tenzij de Vennootschap hiertoe uitdrukkelijk vooraf
   toestemming voor heeft gegeven.

   8. DIVERSE BEPALINGEN

   8.1 CORRESPONDENTIE – BEWIJS

   Tenzij anders vermeld in onderhavige AGV, vindt de correspondentie die
   gevoerd wordt tussen de Vennootschap en de Gebruiker uitsluitend plaats
   via elektronische post. De Gebruiker erkent en aanvaardt dat de door de
   Vennootschap per elektronische post en op de Website en/of applicatie
   verstrekte informatie bewijskracht hebben tussen hem en de
   Vennootschap. De elementen, zoals het moment van de ontvangst of de
   verzending, alsmede de kwaliteit van de ontvangen gegevens, hebben
   bewijskracht volgens de prioriteit zoals deze vermeld zijn op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie of zoals deze gewaarmerkt zijn door de
   informatiesystemen van de Vennootschap, tenzij de Gebruiker een
   schriftelijk bewijs van het tegendeel aandraagt. De reikwijdte van het
   bewijs van de door de Website en/of de Applicatie verstrekte informatie
   is dat wat toegewezen wordt aan een origineel in de zin van een op
   schriftelijk papieren document dat met de hand ondertekend is.

   8.2 VOLLEDIGHEID VAN DE AGV

   In deze AGV staan alle verplichtingen van de Vennootschap en de
   Gebruiker vermeld. Het feit dat één der partijen zich niet beroept op
   een verzuim van de andere partij betreffende één van zijn
   verplichtingen van onderhavige voorwaarden, houdt niet in dat deze
   partij in de toekomst geen afstand doet van het recht om uitvoering van
   deze verplichting te vereisen.

   8.3 GEDEELTELIJKE ONGELDIGHEID

   In het geval dat een of meerdere bepalingen van onderhavige AGV als
   ongeldig, niet geschreven of als zodanig verklaard worden volgens
   toepassing van een wet, een reglement of als gevolg van een beslissing
   van een bevoegde rechtsmacht met kracht van gewijsde in laatste aanleg,
   dan blijven de andere bepalingen hun volledige rechtskracht en
   reikwijdte behouden, tenzij de ongeldige bepaling(en) een substantieel
   karakter zou(den) vormen en het verdwijnen hiervan het contract in
   onbalans zou(den) brengen.

   8.4 TITELS

   In geval van problemen met de interpretatie tussen een van de titels
   bovenaan de clausules van onderhavige AGV en een van de clausules, dan
   wordt deze titel als niet bestaand verklaard.

   9. TOEPASSELIJK RECHT EN REGELING VAN GESCHILLEN

   Onderhavige AGV vallen onder het Franse recht. In geval van een geschil
   betreffende de toepassing, de interpretatie, de geldigheid en de
   uitvoering van onderhavige AGV en indien geen minnelijk akkoord bereikt
   kan worden tussen de partijen, dan zijn de Franse rechtbanken als enige
   bevoegd.

   10. PRIVACYBELEID - BESCHERMING VAN DE PERSOONSGEGEVENS

   10.1. PERSOONSGEGEVENS

   a) Verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking
   De verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking van de door de Vennootschap
   verwerkte Gegevens van de Gebruiker is
   SELOGER
   Vereenvoudigde Aandelenvennootschap met een kapitaal van € 1 501 800
   Maatschappelijke zetel: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18
   HR Parijs B 425 074 481
   Intracommunautair BTW-nummer: FR 54 425 074 481
   vertegenwoordigd door zijn Publishing Director

   b) Aard van de door de Vennootschap vergaarde persoonsgegevens van de
   Gebruiker
   Onder de Gegevens die de Vennootschap vergaart van de Gebruiker of via
   zijn terminal kunnen zich bevinden:
   • zijn naam en voornaam,
   • zijn postadres,
   • zijn elektronische postadres (e-mail),
   • zijn telefoonnummer,
   • zijn geboortejaar,
   • het IP-adres van zijn terminal of het SDK-nummer (Software
   Development Kit) van de door hem gebruikte Applicatie,
   • zijn unieke login en zijn wachtwoord,
   • informatie betreffende zijn browsen en zijn interacties met de
   Diensten, de Applicatie en/of de Website (historiek van de
   zoekopdrachten, formulieren, cookies, enz.),
   • zijn informatie betreffende zijn geolokalisatie, uitsluitend indien
   hij hiervoor gekozen heeft (via de Applicatie),
   • de informatie betreffende zijn profiel in een social media, indien
   dit openbaar is en uitsluitend indien de Gebruiker besluit zijn account
   te verbinden met een social media en zijn acties te delen onder de in
   het artikel INLOGGEN VIA SOCIAL MEDIA van onderhavige AGV aangegeven
   voorwaarden.

   De Vennootschap vergaart de door de Gebruikers verstrekte informatie
   met name: • tijdens het aanmaken van hun persoonlijke ruimtes,
   • tijdens het invoeren en verzenden van de contactformulieren,
   • tijdens het browsen op de Website en/of de Applicatie (raadplegen van
   advertenties, zoekopdrachten, enz.).

   c) Wettelijke grondslag van de verwerking
   In het kader van de aanvaarding de AGV en volgens toepassing van
   artikel 6.1 van het Algemeen Reglement voor Gegevensbescherming wordt
   de Gebruiker geïnformeerd dat de verschillende verwerkingen van zijn
   Gegevens zoals hieronder vermeld, nodig zijn voor (i) de uitvoering en
   verwezenlijking van de door de Vennootschap aangeboden Diensten en
   waarvan de verlening geregeld wordt door onderhavige AGV en die het
   door de Gebruiker afgesloten contract vormen dat er op gericht is hem
   te begeleiden in het kader van zijn vastgoedproject; (ii) en voor de
   wettelijke belangen die de Vennootschap nastreeft ter verbetering van
   zijn Diensten en het begrip van de verwachtingen van de Gebruikers, om
   zo met name de rechten en de Gegevens van de Gebruiker te beschermen.

   d) Doel van de verwerking
   De door de Vennootschap verwerkte Gegevens van de Gebruikers worden
   voor de volgende doeleinden gebruikt:
   • om hen in staat te stellen een account aan te maken,
   • om hen de Diensten te verlenen die beschikbaar zijn via de Website
   en/of de Applicatie,
   • om aan hun verzoeken te voldoen,
   • om algemene statistieken op te stellen betreffende het verkeer op
   zijn Website en/of Applicatie en de verschillende rubrieken die deze
   bevat,
   • om hen per elektronische post antwoorden, diverse informatie of door
   de Vennootschap of zijn Vastgoedpartners, klanten van de Vennootschap,
   op de Website en/of op de Applicatie gepubliceerde advertenties, te
   verzenden,
   • om hen per elektronische post nieuwsbrieven ("newsletters")
   betreffende de veranderingen op de Website en/of de Applicatie en de
   verschillende rubrieken van vermelde Website en/of Applicatie te
   verzenden,
   • om een beter beeld te krijgen van hun behoeften en hun het browsen te
   vergemakkelijken en/of om hen betreffende elementen te analyseren of te
   voorspellen, zoals hun persoonlijke voorkeuren, interesses,
   betrouwbaarheid en hun gedrag,
   • om enquêtes en tevredenheidsonderzoeken uit te voeren.
   De door de Vennootschap verwerkte Gegevens van de Gebruikers worden
   eveneens gebruikt voor marketingdoeleinden, teneinde te beantwoorden
   aan de verzoeken om inlichtingen en marktverkenning, geformuleerd door
   de Gebruikers aan derde partners, onder voorbehoud van de
   uitdrukkelijke instemming van de Gebruikers.

   e) Ontvangers van de persoonsgegevens van de Gebruiker
   De Gegevens kunnen, met inachtneming van de op de Vennootschap
   toepasselijke wetten, voor een of meerdere van de in Artikel 10.1 d)
   beschreven doeleinden worden doorgegeven aan de hieronder vermelde
   personen:
   • het bevoegde en hiertoe gemachtigde personeel van de vennootschappen
   van de groep SELOGER die de opdracht zouden kunnen krijgen de Gegevens
   te verwerken,
   • aan de Vastgoedpartners, klanten van de Vennootschap, die de
   Gebruikers uitdrukkelijk en specifiek wensten te contacteren voor de
   behandeling van hun verzoeken (informatie over een onroerend goed, een
   agentschap, taxatieverzoek…),
   • aan de IT-dienstverleners van de Vennootschap, die met name belast
   zijn met het verlenen van een service en advertenties die aansluiten
   bij de Gebruikers en de bezoekersaantallen van de Website en/of de
   Applicatie meten overeenkomstig de bepalingen van het artikel “Gebruik
   van de follow-up technologieën (Website en/of Applicatie)” van
   onderhavige voorwaarden,
   • aan de hiertoe door de Franse wet bevoegde administratieve en
   rechterlijke autoriteiten,
   • aan de handelspartners van de Vennootschap, wanneer de Gebruikers
   uitdrukkelijk aanvaard hebben promotionele aanbiedingen hunnerzijds te
   ontvangen.

   f) Bewaartermijn van de persoonsgegevens van de Gebruiker
   De Gegevens worden, met in achtneming van de op de Vennootschap
   toepasselijke wetten, gedurende 3 jaar bewaard vanaf zijn laatste
   contact met de Vennootschap (wijziging van zijn account, browsen op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie, invullen van een formulier op de Website
   en/of de Applicatie, enz.). Deze informatie kan eveneens bewaard worden
   gedurende een aanvullende termijn van 2 jaar, met een beperkte en
   uitzonderlijke toegang, om als bewijs te dienen, met inachtneming van
   de wettelijke en reglementaire verplichtingen van de Vennootschap. De
   boekhoudkundige documenten en stukken worden gedurende 10 jaar bewaard,
   als boekhoudkundig bewijs.

   10.2 RECHT VAN VERZET TEGEN TOEGANG, RECTIFICATIE EN VERWIJDERING VAN
   DE GEBRUIKER

   a) Rechten van de Gebruiker
   Overeenkomstig de op de Vennootschap toepasselijke wetten, heeft de
   Gebruiker de mogelijkheid om:
   • zich op ieder moment, voor redenen met betrekking tot zijn
   persoonlijke situatie, te verzetten tegen de verwerking van zijn
   Gegevens in het kader van de door de Vennootschap verleende Diensten,
   • zich op ieder moment te verzetten tegen de verwerking van de Gegevens
   voor marktverkenning,
   • zich te verzetten tegen het doorgeven van de Gegevens aan derden,
   inzage te krijgen in al zijn in het kader van de door de Vennootschap
   verleende Diensten verwerkte Gegevens,
   • zijn in het kader van de door de Vennootschap verleende Diensten te
   rectificeren, bij te werken en te verwijderen,
   • onder voorbehoud van het zich bij de Vennootschap te kunnen
   identificeren en, wanneer dit technisch gezien mogelijk is, de
   overdraagbaarheid van alleen de persoonsgegevens die hij aan de
   Vennootschap verstrekt heeft, te verzoeken In de aan de Vennootschap
   verstrekte gegevens bevinden zich met name niet de door de Vennootschap
   uitgevoerde analyses van deze gegevens,
   • de Vennootschap richtlijnen te verstrekken betreffende wat er met
   zijn Gegevens moet gebeuren indien hij komt te overlijden.
   Indien de Gebruiker gebruik maakt van zijn recht van verzet, zal de
   Vennootschap de verwerking van zijn Gegevens stopzetten, tenzij er
   gegronde en dringende redenen bestaan voor de verwerking, of om de
   constatering, de uitoefening of de verdediging van zijn rechten voor de
   rechtbank te verzekeren, overeenkomstig het Algemeen Reglement voor
   Gegevensbescherming. In het voorkomende geval zal de Vennootschap de
   Gebruiker informeren over de redenen waarom hij geen gebruik kan maken
   van (een deel van) zijn rechten.

   b) Modaliteiten voor de uitoefening van zijn rechten door de Gebruiker
   Om zijn rechten uit te oefenen, kan de Gebruiker volstaan met de
   verzending van een gewone brief aan de Vennootschap met de in artikel
   1.2 van de AGV vermelde contactgegevens, of contact opnemen met de
   Vennootschap via de rubriek “Contacteer ons”, met toevoeging van een
   identiteitsbewijs aan zijn verzoek (vermelding van zijn naam, voornaam,
   elektronische postadres) - overeenkomstig hoofdstuk III van het
   Algemeen Reglement voor Gegevensbescherming.

   10.3 VEILIGHEID EN ARCHIVERING VAN DE PERSOONSGEGEVENS VAN DE GEBRUIKER

   De Vennootschap vergaart en verwerkt de Gegevens met de grootste
   geheimhouding en veiligheid en met inachtneming van de op de
   Vennootschap toepasselijke wetten.
   De Vennootschap verbindt zich alle redelijke maatregelen te nemen die
   nodig zijn voor de beveiliging en de bescherming van de Gegevens van de
   Gebruikers van zijn Website en/of de Applicatie en zijn Diensten, die
   door hem vergaard en verwerkt zijn (met name firewall, fysieke
   controles op de toegang in de data centers, bevoegdheden, enz.).

   10.4 REGELING VAN GESCHILLEN BETREFFENDE DE VERWERKING VAN DE GEGEVENS

   In geval van een geschil tussen de Vennootschap en de Gebruiker
   betreffende de verwerking van de Gegevens, kan de Gebruiker zijn claim
   indienen bij de Vennootschap door deze te contacteren via de
   contactgegevens vermeld in Artikel 1.2 van de AGV. De Vennootschap zal
   zich inspannen om een voor de Gebruiker bevredigende oplossing te
   vinden, teneinde de inachtneming van de toepasselijke regelgeving te
   verzekeren.
   Bij afwezigheid van een antwoord van de Vennootschap of indien het
   geschil blijft bestaan, ondanks het voorstel van de Vennootschap, heeft
   de Gebruiker de mogelijkheid om, overeenkomstig de bepalingen van het
   Algemeen Reglement voor Gegevensbescherming, een claim in te dienen bij
   de Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés of de
   Nationale Gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit van de lidstaat van de
   Europese Unie waar de Gebruiker zijn gewone verblijfplaats heeft.

   11. NEWSLETTER EN ALERTS

   Teneinde de Gebruiker op de hoogte te houden van de actualiteit van de
   Vennootschap en van de voordelen waarvan hij gebruik zou kunnen maken,
   kan hij commerciële informatie van de Vennootschap ontvangen via
   elektronische berichten (e-mail, sms…). Indien de Gebruiker geen
   aanbiedingen en informatie van de Vennootschap wil ontvangen, kan hij
   zich op ieder moment verzetten tegen de verzending hiervan in zijn
   account rubriek "Abonnementen", door hier te klikken op de hyperlink
   voor het opzeggen van zijn abonnement, die te vinden is onderaan ieder
   ontvangen elektronisch bericht.
   De Gebruiker kan de verzending van de newsletters aanpassen en de
   abonnementen op de alerts die hij wil ontvangen kiezen tijdens het
   aanmaken van zijn account of door in zijn account naar de rubriek
   "Abonnementen” te gaan. De Gebruiker heeft dan de oplossing om uit de
   verschillende categorieën newsletters en alerts degene te selecteren
   die hem interesseren. De Gebruiker kan op ieder moment de verzending
   van de newsletters en de alerts stopzetten via zijn account.
   Zonder selectie en indien de Gebruiker zich tijdens het aanmaken van
   zijn account zich hier niet tegen verzet, is het mogelijk dat hij
   informatie ontvangt over de actualiteit van de Vennootschap, alsmede
   newsletters en alerts die betrekking hebben op producten en diensten
   die overeenkomen met degene die de Gebruiker reeds geraadpleegd heeft
   op de Website en/of de Applicatie.

   12. COOKIES

   De Vennootschap maakt gebruik van cookies op zijn Website en/of zijn
   Applicatie. Cookies zijn data met betrekking op het browsen op de
   computer van de Gebruiker van de Websites en/of de Applicatie van de
   Vennootschap en waarmee de geraadpleegde pagina’s en de datum en het
   tijdstip van het raadplegen vastgesteld kunnen worden. Het vergaren van
   deze informatie door de Vennootschap wordt gedetailleerd beschreven in
   de “INFORMATIE BETREFFENDE HET GEBRUIK VAN DE COOKIES”. Deze cookies
   stellen de Vennootschap op geen enkel moment in staat de Gebruiker
   persoonlijk te identificeren. Deze cookies worden niet langer dan
   dertien (13) maanden in de computer van de Gebruiker bewaard. De
   Gebruiker wordt geïnformeerd dat hij de mogelijkheid heeft zich tegen
   het opslaan van deze cookies te verzetten en met name door zijn
   webbrowser hiertoe te configureren, volgens de details in “INFORMATIE
   BETREFFENDE HET GEBRUIK VAN DE COOKIES”.

   13. GEBRUIK VAN DE FOLLOW-UP TECHNOLOGIEËN (WEBSITE EN/OF APPLICATIE)

   In het kader van het ter beschikking stellen van de Diensten ten gunste
   van de Gebruiker, maakt de Vennootschap gebruik van de in onderhavig
   artikel vermelde technologieën, waarvan de Gebruiker volledig op de
   hoogte is.
   Alle vergaarde gegevens met betrekking tot het gebruik van de Diensten,
   de Website en/of de Applicatie worden verwerkt door de Vennootschap en
   de in artikel 10.1 e) aangegeven ontvangers, gevestigd binnen en buiten
   de Europese Unie, met name met als doel het uitvoeren en verlenen van
   de Diensten, met inachtneming van de voorschriften van de Wet ter
   bescherming t.o.v. de geautomatiseerde verwerking van persoonsgegevens
   en het Algemeen Reglement voor Gegevensbescherming. Deze gegevens
   zullen verwerkt worden met oog op een follow-up op de Website en de
   Applicatie, overeenkomstig de hierna volgende bepalingen.
   De toegang tot of het gebruik van (een deel) van de Diensten houdt in
   dat deze verschillende technologieën zonder beperkingen en zonder
   voorbehoud door de Gebruiker aanvaard worden.

   a) Gebruik van de follow-up technologieën op de Website en de
   Applicatie
   De Vennootschap maakt gebruik van:
   • de tool OMNITURE ADOBE ANALYTICS (Adobe Systems Incorporated - 345
   Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704 USA), die de Vennootschap
   helpt te begrijpen hoe de Website en de Applicatie gebruikt worden via
   de cookies, en zo hun contents en marketingcampagnes te verbeteren.
   Voor meer informatie over de bezwaarprocedures tegen deze cookies kunt
   u hier klikken: https://www.adobe.com/fr/privacy/opt-out.html.
   • de tool MEDIAMETRIE (70 rue Rivay - 92532 LEVALLOIS CEDEX -
   Frankrijk) om het aantal bezoekers van zijn Website en Applicatie te
   meten. Voor meer informatie over de bezwaarprocedures tegen deze
   cookies kunt u hier klikken:
   http://www.mediametrie.fr/pages/cookies.php?page=194
   • de tool DOUBLECLICK FOR PUBLISHERS en GOOGLE TAG MANAGER van GOOGLE
   (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) voor het
   advertentiebeheer en analyseren van het gedrag van de Gebruikers op de
   Website en de Applicatie. Voor meer informatie over de
   bezwaarprocedures tegen deze cookies kunt u hier klikken:
   https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/2839090?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr
   https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr

   b) Gebruik van de follow-up technologieën op de Applicatie
   De Vennootschap maakt gebruik van: :
   • het analyseprogramma CRASHLYTICS (1 Kendall Square, Cambridge, MA
   02139, USA). Crashlytics vergaart de gegevens betreffende het gebruik
   van de Applicatie, met name voor wat betreft de storingen en bugs van
   het systeem. De informatie op het gebruikte apparaat of de versie van
   de geïnstalleerde Applicatie, alsmede andere informatie zullen gebruikt
   worden om te helpen bugs te corrigeren, voornamelijk betreffende de
   software en de hardware van de Gebruiker. De Gebruiker kan
   uitgebreidere informatie over dit onderwerp vinden in het privacybeleid
   van Crashlytics: https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf,
   • het programma ACCENGAGE (31, rue du 4 Septembre - 75002 Paris –
   Frankrijk) voor het beheer en de analyse van de routingcampagnes van de
   notificaties en de verspreiding van in-app reclamebanners. De gebruiker
   kan uitgebreidere informatie over dit onderwerp vinden in het
   privacybeleid van ACCENGAGE: https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/,
   • het programma FIREBASE (I22 4th St. Suite 1000 (10th Floor), San
   Francisco, CA 94103, USA) voor de follow-up en de analyse van het
   gebruik van de Applicatie. De Gebruiker kan uitgebreidere informatie
   over dit onderwerp vinden in het privacybeleid van FIREBASE:
   https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html,
   • het programma XAMARIN (1355 Market St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA
   94103 - USA) voor het creëren van applicaties met behulp van de taal
   C#. De Gebruiker kan uitgebreidere informatie over dit onderwerp vinden
   in het privacybeleid van XAMARIN:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement,
   • het programma HOCKEY APP (Microsoft Corporation - One Microsoft Way -
   Redmond, Washington 98052-6399 USA) voor het verbeteren van zijn
   diensten en het detecteren van bugs op zijn Applicatie. De Gebruiker
   kan uitgebreidere informatie over dit onderwerp vinden in het
   privacybeleid van HOCKEY APP:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
   • het programma TUNE (Tune, Inc.2200 Western Avenue, Suite 200 Seattle,
   WA 98121 USA) om de prestatieresultaten van de Applicatie te begrijpen
   en te analyseren. De Gebruiker kan uitgebreidere informatie over dit
   onderwerp vinden in het privacybeleid van TUNE :
   https://www.tune.com/resources/data-and-privacy/privacy-policies,

   14. INLOGGEN VIA DE SOCIAL MEDIA (Facebook Connect en Google +)

   Met de functies Facebook Connect en Connexion via Google + kunnen de
   Gebruikers inloggen op de Applicatie via hun Facebook of Google +
   account.
   Wanneer de Gebruikers inloggen op onze Website en/of Applicatie via hun
   Facebook of Google + account, heeft de Vennootschap toegang tot
   bepaalde informatie die zij hebben ingevoerd op Facebook of Google +,
   teneinde hen een persoonlijke en sociale ervaring te bieden.
   Er zal hen om toestemming voor toegang tot hun profielgegevens
   (profiel, contacten, contactgegevens...) gevraagd worden, alsmede het
   delen van hun activiteiten met Facebook of Google +.
   De toegang van de Vennootschap tot de gegevens van Facebook of Google +
   en het gebruik hiervan zij beperkt, de Vennootschap gebruikt met name
   uitsluitend de gegevens die strikt noodzakelijk zijn voor het
   exploiteren van de Applicatie.
   De Gebruiker wordt via de Applicatie geïnformeerd over de gebruikte
   gegevens en de wijze waarop deze gebruikt, weergegeven, gedeeld of
   doorgegeven worden.
   Indien de Gebruiker inlogt op de Website en/of de Applicatie met behulp
   van zijn Facebook of Google + logins en zijn vrienden eveneens met hun
   account inloggen op de Website en/of de Applicatie, dan zullen zij te
   weten komen dat de Gebruiker over een account beschikt bij de
   Vennootschap, tenzij deze er voor gekozen heeft niet zichtbaar te zijn
   voor zijn vrienden op andere sites. De Gebruiker kan besluiten tot welk
   type informatie zijn vrienden toegang kunnen krijgen door het instellen
   van de parameters van zijn account in de paragraaf Applicaties van de
   site Facebook.

   INFORMATIE BETREFFENDE HET GEBRUIK VAN DE COOKIES

   Tijdens het raadplegen van onze site kan er informatie opgeslagen
   worden in de in uw computer, tablet of mobiele telefoon opgeslagen
   “cookie” bestanden.
   Op deze pagina wordt uitgelegd wat een cookie is, waar deze toe dient
   en hoe de parameters hiervan kunnen worden ingesteld.

   1. WAT IS EEN COOKIE?

   Een cookie is een tekstbestand dat, onder voorbehoud van uw keuzes, via
   uw browser software opgeslagen kan worden in een speciale ruimte op de
   harde schijf van uw terminal tijdens het raadplegen van een online
   service.
   Dankzij een cookiebestand kan de verspreider hiervan de terminal
   identificeren waarin dit opgeslagen is tijdens de geldigheidsperiode
   van de cookie.

   2. WAAR DIENEN DE OP ONZE SITE GEBRUIKTE COOKIES VOOR?

   Met de op onze site gebruikte cookies kunnen de diensten en rubrieken
   geïdentificeerd worden die de gebruiker bezocht heeft en meer in het
   algemeen zijn bezoekgedrag.
   Deze informatie is nuttig om de diensten, aanbiedingen en banners die
   op onze site verschijnen beter aan te passen en deze vergemakkelijkt
   het browsen op onze site.
   Cookies zijn eveneens nodig voor de goede werking van bepaalde diensten
   of om het bezoek hieraan te meten.
   Er kunnen eveneens cookies aanwezig zijn in de advertentieruimtes van
   onze site. Bepaalde, niet-identificerende informatie kan aan derden
   verzonden worden om hen in staat te stellen hun contents aan te passen.

   2.1. De cookies die wij op onze website gebruiken:

   Wanneer u inlogt op onze site, kunnen wij, al naargelang uw keuzes,
   genoodzaakt zijn diverse cookies in uw terminal te installeren, waarmee
   tijdens de geldigheidsperiode van de betreffende cookie de browser van
   uw terminal herkend kan worden.
   De cookies die wij gebruiken, worden gebruikt voor de hieronder
   beschreven doeleinden, onder voorbehoud van uw keuzes die resulteren
   uit de parameters van uw browsersoftware die tijdens het bezoek aan
   onze site gebruikt wordt.
   De cookies stellen ons in staat om:
   1. U het browsen op onze site te vergemakkelijken :
   • door de presentatie van onze site aan te passen aan de
   weergavevoorkeuren van uw terminal (gebruikte taal, weergaveresolutie,
   gebruikte besturingssysteem, enz.) tijdens uw bezoeken aan onze site,
   al naargelang de op uw terminal aanwezige hardware en software voor
   weergave en lezen,
   • door de informatie betreffende een formulier dat u op onze site heeft
   ingevuld, in het geheugen op te slaan (inschrijving op of toegang tot
   uw account), of betreffende producten, diensten of informatie die u op
   onze site gekozen heeft (gekozen dienst, geraadpleegde content, enz.).
   • door toegang mogelijk te maken tot gereserveerde en persoonlijke
   ruimtes op onze site, zoals uw account, door middel van logins of
   gegevens die u ons eventueel eerder al toevertrouwde en
   • door veiligheidsmaatregelen uit te voeren.
   2. Onze diensten te verbeteren:
   Met deze cookies kunnen statistieken en bezoek- en gebruiksvolumes
   opgesteld worden van de verschillende elementen die deel uitmaken van
   onze site (bezochte rubrieken en contents, parcours,...), om zo het
   belang en de ergonomie van onze diensten te verbeteren.
   3. De op onze site aangeboden reclame aan te passen:
   • door het totale aantal door ons in onze advertentieruimtes
   weergegeven advertenties te tellen, deze advertenties en het aantal
   gebruikers dat op iedere advertentie geklikt heeft, te identificeren en
   statistieken op te stellen,
   • door onze advertentieruimte aan te passen aan de weergavevoorkeuren
   van uw terminal (gebruikte taal, weergaveresolutie, gebruikte
   besturingssysteem, enz.), al naargelang de op uw terminal aanwezige
   hardware en software voor weergave en lezen,
   • door de op uw terminal weergegeven reclamecontents aan te passen aan
   het browsen van uw terminal op onze site,
   • door in het voorkomende geval de op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan de door uw terminal, met uw
   voorafgaande toestemming, doorgegeven localisatiegegevens en.
   • door de op uw terminal weergegeven reclamecontents aan te passen aan
   de persoonsgegevens die u ons verstrekt heeft.

   2.2. De op onze website door derden verspreide cookies:

   Het verspreiden en gebruiken van cookies door derden onder hun
   verantwoordelijkheid valt onder het beleid gericht op de bescherming
   van de privacy van deze derden. Wij informeren u over het voorwerp van
   de cookies waarvan wij kennis hebben en over de middelen waarover u
   beschikt bij deze derden om uw keuze te maken betreffende deze cookies.
   U kunt de rechten waarover u beschikt uitoefenen uit hoofde van de
   toepasselijke regelgeving of rechtstreeks een claim indienen bij de
   betreffende derde.
   a) Wegens in onze site geïntegreerde applicaties van derden
   Wij kunnen op onze Website/Applicatie invoegtoepassingen (“plug-ins”)
   van derden invoegen, die u in staat stellen contents van onze site te
   delen met andere personen of andere personen op de hoogte te stellen
   van uw raadpleging of uw opinie betreffende een content van onze
   Website/Applicatie. Dit is met name het geval voor de knoppen "Delen”
   en "Vind ik leuk” op de sociale media, zoals “Facebook”, “Twitter”,
   “LinkedIn”, enz.
   De sociale media die een dergelijke applicatieknop bieden, zouden u
   dankzij deze knop kunnen identificeren, zelfs als u deze knop niet
   gebruikt heeft tijdens het raadplegen van onze Website/Applicatie. Dit
   type applicatieknop kan namelijk de betreffende sociale media in staat
   stellen uw browser te volgen op onze website, alleen door het feit dat
   uw account op de betreffende sociale media geactiveerd was op uw
   terminal (open sessie) toen u op onze site browste.
   Indien u niet wilt dat de social media uw acties voortkomend uit de
   plug-ins in uw accounts op de social media publiceren, dan moet u
   uitloggen uit uw social media alvorens op onze Website/Applicatie te
   browsen.
   b) Via in onze advertentieruimtes verspreide contents van derden
   De op onze site verspreide reclamecontents kunnen cookies bevatten die
   verspreid zijn door derden: ofwel de adverteerder van wie de
   betreffende reclamecontent is, ofwel een andere vennootschap dan de
   adverteerder (Pr-bureau, kantoor dat bezoekersaantallen meet,
   dienstverlener voor gerichte reclame, enz.), die een reclamecontent van
   een adverteerder aan een cookie verbonden heeft.
   In het voorkomende geval kunnen de door deze derde verspreide cookies
   hen gedurende de geldigheidstermijn van deze cookies in staat stellen:
   • het aantal weergaven van de via onze advertentieruimtes verspreide
   reclamecontents tellen, de aldus weergegeven advertenties
   identificeren, plus het aantal gebruikers dat op iedere advertentie
   geklikt heeft, om zo de aldus verschuldigde bedragen te berekenen en
   statistieken op te stellen,
   • uw terminal te herkennen tijdens een latere browssessie of op enige
   andere site of service waarop deze adverteerders of deze derden
   eveneens cookies verspreiden en, in het voorkomende geval, deze sites
   en diensten van derden of de advertenties die zij verspreiden, aan te
   passen aan het browsen van uw terminal.
   c) Door onze reclameafdeling die onze advertentieruimte exploiteert
   De advertentieruimtes van onze site kunnen geëxploiteerd worden door
   onze interne reclameafdeling en, in het voorkomende geval, door deze
   afdeling verspreide cookies bevatten.
   In het voorkomende geval stellen de verspreide cookies ons gedurende de
   geldigheidstermijn van deze cookies in staat:
   • - Het totale aantal in onze advertentieruimtes weergegeven
   advertenties te tellen, deze advertenties identificeren, plus hun
   respectievelijk weergegeven aantal, het aantal gebruikers dat op iedere
   advertentie geklikt heeft en, in het voorkomende geval, de later door
   deze gebruikers uitgevoerde handelingen op de pagina’s waar deze
   advertenties naar leiden, teneinde de bedragen te berekenen die
   verschuldigd zijn aan de deelnemers aan de keten van de verspreiding
   van de reclame (adverteerder, Pr-bureau, reclameafdeling, site/drager
   van de verspreiding) en statistieken op te stellen,
   • de advertentieruimte aan te passen aan de weergavevoorkeuren van uw
   terminal (gebruikte taal, weergaveresolutie, gebruikte
   besturingssysteem, enz.), al naargelang de op uw terminal aanwezige
   hardware en software voor weergave en lezen,
   • de via onze advertentieruimte op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan het browsen van uw terminal op onze
   site,
   • de via onze advertentieruimte op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan de hand van vorige of latere
   browssessies van uw terminal op sites van derden waarop de
   reclameafdeling eveneens cookies verspreidt, onder voorbehoud dat deze
   cookies in uw terminal opgeslagen zijn overeenkomstig de keuzes die u
   hiertoe kenbaar gemaakt heeft,
   • de via onze advertentieruimte op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan de localisatiegegevens (lengte- en
   breedtegraad) die met uw voorafgaande toestemming werden doorgegeven
   door uw terminal en
   • de in onze advertentieruimte op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan de hand van de persoonlijke cookies
   die u zou hebben kunnen verstrekken.

   3. GELDIGHEIDSDUUR VAN DE COOKIES

   De door ons gebruikte cookies zijn zodanig geconfigureerd dat zij een
   geldigheidsduur hebben van 13 (dertien) maanden.

   4. UW KEUZES BETREFFENDE DE COOKIES

   U heeft meerdere mogelijkheden bij het omgaan met cookies. Het wijzigen
   van de instellingen kan leiden tot een wijziging van het browsen op
   Internet en onze site en van uw toegangsvoorwaarden tot bepaalde
   diensten, waarvoor het gebruik van cookies noodzakelijk is.
   Als u het opslaan van cookies in uw terminal niet toestaat of als u de
   hier opgeslagen cookies verwijdert, kunt u niet meer gebruik maken van
   een aantal functionaliteiten, die echter wel nodig zijn om naar
   bepaalde plaatsen op onze site te kunnen browsen.
   Dit zou het geval zijn als u zou trachten toegang te krijgen tot onze
   contents of diensten waarvoor u zich dient te identificeren.
   Dit zou tevens het geval zijn wanneer wij of onze dienstverleners voor
   technisch-boekhoudkundige doeleinden niet in staat zouden zijn het door
   uw terminal gebruikte type browser, de taal- en weergave-instellingen
   hiervan of het land waarin uw terminal op het Internet aangesloten
   lijkt te zijn, te herkennen.
   In het voorkomende geval kunnen wij geen aansprakelijkheid aanvaarden
   voor de gevolgen verband houdend met uitwijkprocedures betreffende onze
   diensten als gevolg van de onmogelijkheid voor ons om de voor het
   functioneren van deze diensten benodigde cookies op te slaan of te
   raadplegen en die u geweigerd of verwijderd zou hebben.
   U kunt er op ieder moment voor kiezen uw wensen op het gebied van
   cookies kenbaar te maken en te wijzigen, d.m.v. de hieronder beschreven
   middelen.

   4.1. Een cookie weigeren met behulp van uw browsersoftware :

   U kunt uw browsersoftware zodanig configureren, dat er cookies in uw
   terminal worden opgeslagen of juist geweigerd worden, systematisch of
   naargelang de verspreider hiervan. U kunt ook uw browsersoftware
   zodanig configureren dat het accepteren of weigeren van cookies niet
   systematisch is, voordat een cookie in uw terminal opgeslagen zou
   kunnen worden.
   Voor het beheren van de cookies en uw keuzes is de configuratie van
   iedere browser anders. Deze wordt beschreven in het hulpmenu van uw
   browser, dat u uitlegt op welke wijze u uw wensen op het gebied van
   cookies kunt wijzigen.
   Voor meer informatie :
   http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/les-cookies/conseils-aux-inter
   nautes/
   Bijvoorbeeld:
   Voor Internet Explorer:
   http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
   Voor Firefox:
   https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies?redirectlo
   cale=fr&redirectslug=Activer+et+d%C3%A9sactiver+les+cookies
   Voor Safari: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/fr-ww/cookies/
   Voor Google Chrome:
   https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=fr&hlrm=en
   Voor Opera™: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
   Enz... De "Flash"© cookies van "Adobe Flash Player"™
   "Adobe Flash Player"™ is een computerapplicatie waarmee men snel
   dynamische contents kan ontwikkelen die gebruik maken van de
   computertaal "Flash". Flash (en de applicaties van hetzelfde type)
   slaat de parameters, de voorkeuren en het gebruik van deze contents op
   dankzij een technologie die doet denken aan cookies. "Adobe Flash
   Player"™ beheert deze informatie en uw keuzes echter via een andere
   interface dan die door uw browsersoftware verstrekt wordt.
   Voor zover uw terminal geschikt is om met de Flash taal ontwikkelde
   contents te bekijken, nodigen wij u uit rechtstreeks toegang te nemen
   tot uw tools voor het beheer van de Flash cookies via
   http://www.adobe.com/fr/support/flashplayer/ts/documents/52697ee8.htm

   4.2. Een reclame cookie weigeren

   U kunt het gebruik en het exploiteren van deze cookies beheren op het
   platform voor het beheer van de reclame cookies van professionals op
   reclamegebied:
   http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/controler-ses-cookies/ en hier de
   verstrekte instructies volgen. U kunt zo weten welke bedrijven
   ingeschreven zijn op dit platform, u de mogelijkheid bieden de cookies
   te weigeren of te aanvaarden die zij gebruiken om de eventueel weer te
   geven advertenties aan uw browsergegevens aan te passen.

   4.3. Een cookie van een social media weigeren:

   Indien u niet wilt dat onze site door een social media afgegeven
   cookies opslaat, kunt u op de volgende links voor deactivering klikken,
   die in uw browser een cookie zullen opslaan die als enig doel heeft
   deze te deactiveren. Door deze cookies te deactiveren is er derhalve
   geen enkele interactie mogelijk met de betreffende social media:
   • FACEBOOK : https://www.facebook.com/help/360595310676682/
   • TWITTER :
   https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171379-twitter-prend-en-charge-l
   a-desactivation-du-suivi-dnt#
   • GOOGLE + : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   • LINKEDIN : http://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
   • YAHOO : https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/cookies/
   • YOUTUBE : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   Meer weten over de cookies
   https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-les-outils-pour-les-maitriser

     * HOME
     * ALGEMENE GEBRUIKSVOORWAARDEN

   ;

   [X]
   [X] Luxeappartement
     * Luxeappartement te koop Parijs
     * Luxeappartement te koop Bordeaux
     * Luxeappartement te koop Cannes
     * Luxeappartement te koop Nice

     * Luxeappartement te koop Montpellier
     * Luxeappartement te koop Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxeappartement te koop Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Luxeappartement te koop Marseille

     * Luxeappartement te koop Lyon
     * Luxeappartement te koop Toulouse
     * Luxeappartement te koop Ukkel
     * Luxeappartement te koop Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxewoningen en villa's
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Parijs
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Bordeaux
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Cannes
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Nice

     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Montpellier
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Mougins
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Uzès

     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Toulouse
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Deauville
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Ukkel
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxueus vastgoed
     * Luxueus vastgoed Ukkel
     * Luxueus vastgoed Knokke-Heist
     * Luxueus vastgoed Elsene
     * Luxueus vastgoed Knokke

     * Luxueus vastgoed Antwerpen
     * Luxueus vastgoed St-Genesius-Rode
     * Luxueus vastgoed Parijs
     * Luxueus vastgoed Bordeaux

     * Luxueus vastgoed Cannes
     * Luxueus vastgoed Nice
     * Luxueus vastgoed Montpellier
     * Luxueus vastgoed Aix-en-Provence

   [ ]
   Het laatste luxenieuws

   Exclusieve locaties, prestigieuze evenementen, … Blijf op de hoogte van
   de luxemarkt.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Uw e-mailadres wordt alleen gebruikt om u de nieuwsbrieven van Belles
   Demeures te sturen. U kunt u hiervoor op elk moment uitschrijven via de
   link in de nieuwsbrief. Meer weten over de verwerking van uw gegevens
   en uw rechten.

   [ ] Onze apps

   Ontdek de Belles Demeures-app voor iPhone & iPad. Uitsluitend
   beschikbaar in Frankrijk.
   Apple store
   Ontdekken
     * [ ] Frankrijk
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle steden
          + Alle departementen
          + Alle regio's
          + Alle aanbiedingen
     * [ ] België
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle (deel)gemeenten
          + Alle gemeenten
          + Alle arrondissementen
          + Alle provincies
          + Alle aanbiedingen

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Internationale website
               o Internationale website
               o Belgische website
          + Wie zijn we?
          + Ons aanbod
          + Contacteer ons
          + Privacybeleid raadplegen
          + Werking van onze website

   [ ] Volg ons op

   [ ] Ons aanbod
     * Onroerend goed in Frankrijk
     * Nieuwbouw
     * Vastgoedprofessionals
     * m² prijs en vastgoedschatting
     * Woning bouwen
     * Kantoren en handelszaken
     * Verhuur vakantiewoningen
     * Webmarketing vastgoed
     * Onroerend goed in België
     * Seizoensverhuur

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Mijn favorieten
     * U heeft geen enkele favoriete advertentie.
       Klik op het symbool
       in een advertentie om het aan uw lijst toe te voegen.

   [ ] Nederlands
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Kopen
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Al het vastgoed te koop
     * ( ) Huren
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
       Alle vastgoed te huur
     * Vakantie
     * ( ) Regio's
       ( ) IN FRANKRIJK
          + Eigendommen in Frankrijk
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Aquitaine
          + Atlantische Loirestreek
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Bourgondië
          + Bretagne
          + Centre Val de Loire
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Elzas
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute Normandië
          + Ile de France (Parijs)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lotharingen
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas de Calais
          + Overzeese collectiviteiten
          + Overzeese departmenten
          + Picardië
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) In België
          + Eigendommen in Belgisch
          + Brussel-Hoofdstad
          + West-Vlaanderen
          + Vlaams-Brabant
          + Antwerpen
          + Waals-Brabant
          + Oost-Vlaanderen
          + Limburg
          + Luik
          + Henegouwen
          + Namen
          + Luxemburg
       (*) WERELDWIJD
          + Eigendommen wereldwijd
          + Portugal
          + Griekenland
          + Spanje
          + Marokko
          + Zwitserland
          + US
          + Italië
          + Maurice
          + Nederland
          + Monaco
          + Luxemburg
          + VAE
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Doorblader het magazine
     * ( ) Kantoren
       (*) De beste specialisten in luxevastgoed
          + Frans sprekende kantoren
          + Engels sprekende kantoren
          + Spaans sprekende kantoren
          + Nederlands sprekende kantoren
          + Italiaans sprekende kantoren
          + Duits sprekende kantoren
          + Russisch sprekende kantoren
          + Portugees sprekende kantoren
       Vind de juiste specialist

Verfijn uw zoekopdracht

   Herbeginnen
   [ ] Kopen
     * Kopen
     * Huren
     * Verhuur vakantiewoningen

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Zoeken
   Meer criteria
   Creëer een melding

   Creëer een melding

   31892 Exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen

   Sorteer op
   [ ] Selectie
     * Selectie
     * Prijs aflopend
     * Prijs oplopend
     * Publicatiedatum
     * Oppervlakte aflopend
     * Oppervlakte oplopend

   [ ] Onze rangschikkingsregels

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 85 m², 4 Ruimtes, Parijs 11e.
     * 9

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 85 m² Parijs 11e

   3.100 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Dit appartement gemeubileerd van 85 m², in een flatgebouw van 5
   verdiepingen bevat 4 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 1 WC.
   Dit appartement heeft van een woonkamer en van een Aparte keuken. Zij
   bevindt zich op de 2de de verdieping met lift. Verwarming :
   "individual". andere : parketvloer.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 100 m², 4 Ruimtes, Parijs 13e.
     * 10

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 100 m² Parijs 13e

   3.135 €

   3 slaapkamers 2 Terras 1 parkeerplaats

   Dit appartement (Appartement) gemeubileerd van 100 m², gebouwd in 2002
   Duplex, in een flatgebouw van 5 verdiepingen bevat 4 kamers waarvan 3
   slaapkamers en 2 badkamers. Dit appartement (Appartement) heeft van een
   woonkamer, van een Geen keuken, van een terras en van een
   parkeerplaats. Zij bevindt zich op de 5de de verdieping met lift.
   Verwarming : "individual".

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 275 m², 5 Ruimtes, Ukkel.
     * 27

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 5 Ruimtes • 275 m² Ukkel

   7.500 €

   3 slaapkamers Zwembad Terras

   Ukkel, Wellington-buurt, in een populair gebied rustige en groene
   omgeving, uitzonderlijke gemeubeld appartement van ± 275m² high-end
   smaakvol in 2007 klaar is gerenoveerd in 1980 een gebouw met prachtige
   zuiden 40m² terras met prachtig recepties van 100m², grote semi-open
   keuken 24m² volledig uitgerust, grote slaapkamer met dressing en
   badkamer met douche naast de slaapkamer van de meesters, 2 slaapkamers
   van 15 en 14m² met dressing elk, 1 badkamer, wasruimte, grote garage
   box, twee kelders , kasten en kasten, alarm, airconditioning in de
   slaapkamer, externe elektrische rolluiken overal, elektrische interne
   zonwering overal. Ref: '2994200'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 220 m², 4 Ruimtes, Ukkel.
     * 22

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 220 m² Ukkel

   3.395 €

   3 slaapkamers Terras

   D Day ligt in een rustige buurt van Uccle, in de buurt van Avenue
   Montjoie en Edith Cavell. Dit prachtige penthouse is volledig
   gerenoveerd in 2014 en ligt in een prachtig privépark. Totale
   oppervlakte van ± 220m² bestaande uit: inkomhal, garderobe, eetkamer,
   ruime woonkamer van ± 55m², een eerste slaapkamer van ± 19m² met
   badkamer (jacuzzi) / douche, een tweede slaapkamer van ± 16m²ac
   begeleid door de badkamer, een derde slaapkamer / kantoor met
   douchekamer, volledig ingerichte keuken (koelkast, koelkast, enz.), 4
   toiletten. Kast geïntegreerd in het appartement. Terras van ± 60m²
   uitzicht op het park. Hoge afwerking en kwaliteitsmaterialen. Drie
   parkeerplaatsen, kelder, zolder. Kosten van euros 600, inclusief alles
   behalve elektricite Ref: '4720MW'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 215 m², 5 Ruimtes, Brussel.
     * 10

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 5 Ruimtes • 215 m² Brussel

   3.330 €

   4 slaapkamers

   W-0297HM Prachtig gerenoveerd appartement met +/- 215m ² leefruimte
   tegenover het Parc du Cinquantenaire. Het is als volgt samengesteld:
   grote entreehal met garderobe en gastentoilet, een grote en lichte
   woonkamer van +/- 73m², een aparte volledig uitgeruste keuken, een
   wasruimte, nachthal met 4 slaapkamers (+/- 12m², 12m², 15m² en 25m²),
   waaronder een met kleedkamer en badkamer, een douche en een apart
   toilet. Anderen: gepantserde deur, videofoon, mooie afwerkingen, kelder
   en 2 parkeerplaatsen in het gebouw. Heffingen: 330 euros / maand
   (gemeenschappelijk, voorzieningen verwarming en water) Parking: 150
   euros/maand PEB: D; CO2: 40 Exceptionally located next Mérode, close to
   Montgomery Square and at a walking distance from Parc du
   Cinquentenaire. Ref: '3130158'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 140 m², 4 Ruimtes, Brussel.
     * 11

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 140 m² Brussel

   2.750 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Ixelles, appartement ingericht van 140m², gelegen op de 1e verdieping,
   woonkamer van 50m² met parket en open haard, volledig uitgeruste
   keuken, 3 slaapkamers met parket, 2 badkamers, kelder, 1 tot 2 auto's,
   verwarming. Ref: '3492482'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 16 Ruimtes, Antwerpen 1.
     * 13

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 16 Ruimtes Antwerpen 1

   9.000 €

   15 slaapkamers

   Hotel Granducale met 15 kamers en gemeenschappelijke eetkamer / keuken
   met ruim terras wordt in zijn totaliteit verhuurd. ideaal voor
   studenten, groepen of werknemers. Ref: 'granducale 2'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 220 m², 4 Ruimtes, Elsene.
     * 20

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 220 m² Elsene

   4.200 €

   3 slaapkamers Terras

   In een rustige buurt, dit appartementvan 220 m², gebouwd in 2018, in
   een flatgebouw van 5 verdiepingen bevat 4 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers,
   1 badkamer en 1 WC. Dit appartement heeft van een Geen keuken, van een
   terras, van 2 garages en van een kelder. Zij bevindt zich op de 1ste de
   verdieping met lift. Verwarming : Gas. andere : parketvloer.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 96 m², 3 Ruimtes, Elsene.
     * 8

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 3 Ruimtes • 96 m² Elsene

   2.900 €

   2 slaapkamers

   In een rustige buurt, dit appartement gemeubileerd van 96 m², in een
   flatgebouw van 7 verdiepingen heeft 3 kamers waarvan 2 slaapkamers en 1
   badkamer. Dit appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer, een Open
   keuken, een garage en een kelder. Zij bevindt zich op de 2de de
   verdieping met lift. andere : intercom, parketvloer.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 164 m², 4 Ruimtes, Elsene.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 164 m² Elsene

   2.850 €

   3 slaapkamers

   IXELLES (Molière/Merjay), à deux pas de la place Brugmann, dans un
   immeuble de prestige (entièrement remis à neuf), sublime appartement de
   +/- 164m², comprenant: hall d'entrée, wc invités avec lave mains,
   espace buanderie + chaudière individuelle, living, cuisine full
   équipée, hall de nuit, 3 chambres, sdb + wc, sdd, placards encastrés,
   double vitrage partout, cave, garage box en supplément (200
   euros/mois). Libre immédiatement. BAIL SOCIETE POSSIBLE !!! Pour
   conditions et visites: 02 344 88 84 / rent@tribel-immo.be /
   www.tribel-immo.be (PEB: D+) Ref: '6608 - 739'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 152 m², 6 Ruimtes, Parijs 6e.
     * 19

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 6 Ruimtes • 152 m² Parijs 6e

   7.200 €

   4 slaapkamers Terras 1 Balkon 1 parkeerplaats

   In een rustige buurt, met een prachtig uitzicht dit appartement nieuw
   van 152 m² Duplex heeft 6 kamers waarvan 4 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 2
   WC's. Dit appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer, een Aparte keuken,
   een balkon, een terras, een kelder en een parkeerplaats. Zij bevindt
   zich op de 4de de verdieping met lift. andere : digicode, Bewaker,
   parketvloer.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 185 m², 4 Ruimtes, Elsene.
     * 19

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 185 m² Elsene

   2.750 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Contact Maxence +32 476 80 10 91: 100 meters away from the 'Place
   Brugmann', beautiful groundfloor apartment (+/- 150 sqm) in a nice
   building with character. It is composed as follows: ENTRANCE HALL,
   KITCHEN (super-equipped and opened), LIVING ROOM / DINING ROOM with
   access to the GARDEN of approx. 120 m2 facing SOUTH WEST / 2 BEDROOMS
   (approx. 23 and 20 sqm) / 2 BATHROOMS. Included in the rent: STUDIO
   (BEDROOM / SHOWER / LIVING ROOM) of approx. 31 sqm. Close to shops,
   transport, market, etc. To discover ASAP. PEB E+ Ref: '19RML004'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 173 m², 4 Ruimtes, Parijs 6e.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 173 m² Parijs 6e

   5.050 €

   2 slaapkamers

   In een rustige buurt, op het oost-west gelegen dit appartementvan 173
   m² bestaat uit 4 kamers waarvan 2 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 2 WC's.
   Dit appartement is uitgerust van van een woonkamer van 60 m², van een
   Geen keuken en van een kelder. Zij bevindt zich op de 1ste de
   verdieping met lift. Verwarming : "individual gaz". andere : intercom,
   digicode, Bewaker, parketvloer, openhaard, kabeltelevisie.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 83 m², 4 Ruimtes, Mykonos Neochori- Mylous.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 83 m² Mykonos Neochori- Mylous

   20.000 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Apartment for rent at Mykonos island, 83 m², euros 20.000 /month, 1st
   floor, furnished, 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, AC, WC, veranda, living room,
   kitchen, 100m away from the beach Ref: '3750586'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 184 m², 4 Ruimtes, Ukkel.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 184 m² Ukkel

   3.520 €

   3 slaapkamers Terras

   Ukkel/Cambre/Limiet Elsene. In het binnenland van de grond, sublieme
   grond tuin genesteld in een kader van uitzonderlijk groen. Dit
   appartement van +/- 184m2 bestaat uit een inkomhal, gastentoilet,
   wasruimte, volledig uitgeruste keuken, woonkamer, 2 mooie slaapkamers
   met hun badkamer of douche en een groot kantoor. Terras en privétuin
   (zuiden). Luxe residentie met conciërge, gemeenschappelijke tuin,
   speeltuin, beveiligde gebieden. Kelder, dubbele beglazing, alarm,
   veiligheidsdeur. Parking: + 150 euros. Bedrijfslease: ok. Om te zien
   zonder vertraging. Bezoeken: 0471 75 88 89 Ref: '3756827'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Exclusief Verhuren , Appartement, 141 m², 5 Ruimtes, Parijs 17e.
     * 29

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 5 Ruimtes • 141,15 m² Parijs 17e

   7.500 €

   3 slaapkamers 2 Terras

   In een rustige buurt, met een prachtig uitzicht en zuid-oost-west
   gelegen dit appartement gemeubileerd van 141,15 m², gebouwd in 2006
   heeft 5 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 1 WC. Dit
   appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer van 46,5 m², een Aparte
   keuken en een terras. Zij bevindt zich op de 4de de verdieping met
   lift. Verwarming : Electrisch. andere : digicode.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 165 m², 5 Ruimtes, Saint-Germain-en-Laye.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 5 Ruimtes • 165 m² Saint-Germain-en-Laye

   4.550 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Dit appartementvan 165 m² heeft 5 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers en 1
   badkamer. Dit appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer, een eetkamer,
   een Geen keuken, een garage en een kelder. Zij bevindt zich op de 1ste
   de verdieping. Verwarming : "individual gaz radiator". andere :
   openhaard.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 100 m², 3 Ruimtes, Brussel.
     * 10

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 3 Ruimtes • 100 m² Brussel

   2.650 €

   2 slaapkamers Terras

   Gelegen in een beboste laan, in het hartje van Brussel, penthouse met
   twee slaapkamers en een bewoonbare oppervlakte van ± 100 m² in een
   nieuw project van eerste bewoning. Op de negende en laatste verdieping,
   bestaat het uit een hal met een garderobe / apart toilet, twee
   slaapkamers die een badkamer delen met douche, een lichtrijke
   woonkamer, een eetkamer, een ôObumex'-keuken met volledig uitgerust
   eiland. Het appartement beschikt eveneens over een aangenaam terras met
   een onbelemmerd zicht op de daken. Andere: kelder, optionele
   parkeerplaats, dubbele beglazing, wasplaats, video-intercom, laag
   verbruik, VMC, LED-verlichtingsarmaturen, geïnstalleerde gordijnrails
   en gordijnen. De Louizalaan wordt beschouwd als de 'Champs-Elysées' van
   Brus Ref: '3775349'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 88 m², 4 Ruimtes, Parijs 16e.
     * 16

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 88 m² Parijs 16e

   3.600 €

   2 slaapkamers

   In een rustige buurt, met een prachtig uitzicht dit appartement
   gemeubileerd van 88 m², gebouwd in 1900, in een flatgebouw van 6
   verdiepingen heeft 4 kamers waarvan 2 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 1 WC.
   Dit appartement is voorzien van een eetkamer en een Geen keuken. Zij
   bevindt zich op de 4de de verdieping met lift. Verwarming : "individual
   gaz". andere : intercom, digicode, Bewaker.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 160 m², 6 Ruimtes, Parijs 4e.
     * 13

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 6 Ruimtes • 160 m² Parijs 4e

   5.900 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Met een prachtig uitzicht dit appartementvan 160 m², gebouwd in 1800
   heeft 6 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers, 2 badkamers en 1 WC. Dit
   appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer, een Geen keuken en een
   kelder. Compleet gerenoveerd, zij bevindt zich op de de de verdieping
   met lift. andere : digicode.

   [X]
   [X] Luxeappartement
     * Luxeappartement te koop Parijs
     * Luxeappartement te koop Bordeaux
     * Luxeappartement te koop Cannes
     * Luxeappartement te koop Nice

     * Luxeappartement te koop Montpellier
     * Luxeappartement te koop Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxeappartement te koop Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Luxeappartement te koop Marseille

     * Luxeappartement te koop Lyon
     * Luxeappartement te koop Toulouse
     * Luxeappartement te koop Ukkel
     * Luxeappartement te koop Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxewoningen en villa's
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Parijs
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Bordeaux
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Cannes
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Nice

     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Montpellier
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Mougins
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Uzès

     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Toulouse
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Deauville
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Ukkel
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxueus vastgoed
     * Luxueus vastgoed Ukkel
     * Luxueus vastgoed Knokke-Heist
     * Luxueus vastgoed Elsene
     * Luxueus vastgoed Knokke

     * Luxueus vastgoed Antwerpen
     * Luxueus vastgoed St-Genesius-Rode
     * Luxueus vastgoed Parijs
     * Luxueus vastgoed Bordeaux

     * Luxueus vastgoed Cannes
     * Luxueus vastgoed Nice
     * Luxueus vastgoed Montpellier
     * Luxueus vastgoed Aix-en-Provence

     * 0
     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Laatste pagina
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 1595
     *

   Deze advertentie is aan uw favorieten toegevoegd

    1. Home

     Spanje

   [ ]
   Het laatste luxenieuws

   Exclusieve locaties, prestigieuze evenementen, … Blijf op de hoogte van
   de luxemarkt.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Uw e-mailadres wordt alleen gebruikt om u de nieuwsbrieven van Belles
   Demeures te sturen. U kunt u hiervoor op elk moment uitschrijven via de
   link in de nieuwsbrief. Meer weten over de verwerking van uw gegevens
   en uw rechten.

   [ ] Onze apps

   Ontdek de Belles Demeures-app voor iPhone & iPad. Uitsluitend
   beschikbaar in Frankrijk.
   Apple store
   Ontdekken
     * [ ] Frankrijk
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle steden
          + Alle departementen
          + Alle regio's
          + Alle aanbiedingen
     * [ ] België
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle (deel)gemeenten
          + Alle gemeenten
          + Alle arrondissementen
          + Alle provincies
          + Alle aanbiedingen

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Internationale website
               o Internationale website
               o Belgische website
          + Wie zijn we?
          + Ons aanbod
          + Contacteer ons
          + Privacybeleid raadplegen
          + Werking van onze website

   [ ] Volg ons op

   [ ] Ons aanbod
     * Onroerend goed in Frankrijk
     * Nieuwbouw
     * Vastgoedprofessionals
     * m² prijs en vastgoedschatting
     * Woning bouwen
     * Kantoren en handelszaken
     * Verhuur vakantiewoningen
     * Webmarketing vastgoed
     * Onroerend goed in België
     * Seizoensverhuur

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] My favourites
     * You have no favourite ads.
       Click on the
       symbol on an advert to add it to your list.

   [ ] English
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Buy
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       All properties for sale
     * ( ) Rent
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       All properties to rent
     * Holidays
     * ( ) Regions
       ( ) In France
          + All properties in France
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Brittany
          + Burgundy
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Franche-Comté
          + Ile de France (Paris outskirts)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Loire Valley
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas-de-Calais
          + Normandy
          + Overseas collectivities
          + Overseas regions
          + Picardy
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhone-Alps
          + Western Loire
       ( ) In Belgium
          + Properties in Belgium
          + Brussels-Capital
          + West Flanders
          + Flemish Brabant
          + Antwerp
          + Walloon Brabant
          + East Flanders
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) In the world
          + All properties in the world
          + Portugal
          + Greece
          + Spain
          + Morocco
          + Switzerland
          + United States
          + Italy
          + Mauritius
          + Netherlands
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + United Arab Emirates
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Leaf through the magazine
     * ( ) The agencies
       (*) The best luxury specialists
          + Agencies speaking French
          + Agencies speaking English
          + Agencies speaking Spanish
          + Agencies speaking Dutch
          + Agencies speaking Italian
          + Agencies speaking German
          + Agencies speaking Russian
          + Agencies speaking Portuguese
       Find the right specialist

   GENERAL TERMS OF USE
   OF THE BELLES DEMEURES
   WEBSITE AND APPLICATION

   CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY

   1. RECITALS

   1.1 PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL TERMS OF USE

   These General Terms of Use (hereafter referred to as the “GTU”) aim at
   defining the terms and conditions of use of the Website accessible in
   particular from the address www.bellesdemeures.com (hereafter referred
   to as the “Website”) and the related application (hereafter referred to
   as the “Application”) that the company SELOGER (hereafter referred to
   as the “Company”) makes available to the internet users (hereafter
   referred to as the “Users”).

   1.2 IDENTIFICATION OF THE PUBLISHER

   The Website is published by the company:
   SELOGER
   French Société par Actions Simplifiée (simplified joint-stock company)
   with share capital of € 1 501 800
   Registered office: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18, France
   Paris Trade and Companies Registry no. B 425 074 481
   Intra-community VAT number: FR 54 425 074 481

   1.3 DIRECTOR OF PUBLICATION

   The Website’s Director of Publication is Mr Bertrand GSTALDER.

   1.4 CONTACT THE COMPANY

   The User may contact the Company:
   • by letter sent to the address indicated: SELOGER (Belles Demeures –
   Services Clients) – 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris Cedex 18, France
   • by email: contact@bellesdemeures.com
   • by telephone (+33 1 56 77 56 77) every day from 9.00 a.m. to 6.00
   p.m., excluding public holidays in France (call without surcharge).
   • by fax (+33 1 56 77 56 78)

   1.5 WEBSITE HOST

   Iliad Entreprises
   FREE SAS
   8, rue de la Ville l’Evêque – 75008 PARIS
   SIRET 42193886100034
   +33 899 70 01 01
   Equinix France
   114 rue Ambroise Croizat
   93200 Saint Denis
   France
   +33 1 48 17 65 00

   2. DEFINITIONS

   For the purpose of these GTU, the words beginning with a capital letter
   will have the following meaning:

   “Application” : refers to the interactive electronic service run by the
   Company, accessible from any terminal with an internet connection, by
   free downloading from the AppStore or by consultation via a web
   browser, enabling, where appropriate, after being installed, to access
   the Services.

   “Data” : refers to the personal data as defined in article 4 of the
   (EU) Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27th
   April 2016 related to the protection of private individuals as regards
   the processing of personal data and the free distribution of such data
   (hereafter referred to as the “General Regulation on Data Protection”)
   provided by the User to the Company or collected by the Company upon
   use of the Website, Application and/or Services.

   “Real-estate Partners” : refers to the advertisers having entered into
   an agreement with the Company for the publication of advertisements for
   rental and/or sale of real estate on the Website and/or Application.
   The publication of advertisements on the Website and/or Application is
   reserved for advertisers falling within one of the following categories
   :
   • real-estate professionals holding a transaction card (“carte de
   transaction”) or management card (“carte de gestion”) in accordance
   with the Hoguet law no. 70-9 of 2nd January 1970
   • notaries,
   • lawyers performing a subsidiary activity as representative in
   real-estate transactions
   The signature of an agreement for the publication of advertisements on
   the Website and/or Application only covers the publication of
   advertisements for exceptional real-estate property.

   “Website” : refers to the interactive electronic service published and
   run by the Company, accessible in particular at the address
   www.bellesdemeures.com, from which it enables access to its Services.

   “Server” refers to a computer hosting an application service with a
   large amount of disk space on which files are stored.

   “Website Server” : refers to the servers hosting the Website on which
   the Services made available to the User by the Company are installed
   and provided.

   “Services” : refers to the services provided by the Company on its
   Website and/or the Application and described in article 4 of these GTU,
   and their extensions in the form of alerts, newsletters, diary and
   functions of the User’s terminal, required for their operation.

   “User” : refers to any private individual accessing the Website and/or
   Application for a strictly private use.

   3. SCOPE OF APPLICATION, ACCEPTANCE AND AMENDMENT OF THE GTU

   3.1

   These GTU aim at defining the terms and conditions in which the User
   benefits from the Services provided by the Company through its Website
   and/or its Application.
   All of the Services provided by the Company and made available to the
   User are detailed on the Website and/or Application.

   3.2

   The subscription, access or use of the Services implies the unreserved
   and unrestricted acceptance of these GTU by the User.

   3.3

   These GTU may be amended. The GTU applicable are those in force and
   accessible on the Website and/or Application of the Company on the date
   of the User accessing the Website and/or Application.

   3.4

   If the Application has been downloaded from the Apple App Store or the
   Google Play Store, the User has been invited, beforehand, to accept the
   general terms and conditions specific to these two platforms and
   undertakes to respect them.

   4. ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES

   4.1 DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICES

   The Services provided on the Company’s Website and/or Application
   consist in facilitating the User’s search for the purchase and/or sale
   and/or rental of a real-estate property by enabling the latter, in
   particular, to benefit from the following Services, free of charge :
   (i) a service of search and consultation of offers of sale and/or
   rental of real-estate property
   (ii) access to the contact details of the Real-Estate Partners
   publishing offers of sale / rental of real-estate property on the
   Website and/or Application
   (iii) a service of connection with the Real-Estate Partners of the
   Company
   (iv) a free subscription to a newsletter
   (v) an email alert service enabling the User to receive the latest
   offers by email, corresponding to his/her search for property.
   The Services are described in more detail on the Website and/or
   Application. The User is informed that the said Services may evolve on
   a permanent basis. The User is informed and acknowledges that the
   Company’s activity is limited to facilitating the connection between
   the Users and the Real-Estate Partners of the Company. Its
   responsibility may not, in any event, be incurred as regards the
   relations, agreements and discussions that may take place between the
   Users and the Real-Estate Partners of the Company.

   4.2 ACCESS TO THE SERVICES

   The Services are freely and exclusively accessible on line on the
   Company’s Website and/or Application.

   4.3 AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES

   The Company endeavours to make its Services available 24 hours a day, 7
   days a week, independently of any maintenance operations on the said
   Services and/or the Servers and/or the Website and/or the Application.
   In this respect, the Company is bound to an obligation of means.
   The Company reserves the possibility to amend or interrupt, temporarily
   or permanently, at any time, all or part of the Services, without prior
   information to the Users and without indemnity.
   The Company endeavours to ensure the continuity of the Services;
   however, considering the complexity and specific circumstances related
   to the hosting activity, the Company may only be bound to an obligation
   of means in relation to these GTU.
   Consequently, the Company may not be held liable for any difficulties
   or blockage in access, for the slowness of the connection or any other
   technical problem due to situations and/or technical intermediaries
   that are external to the Company.

   5. GUARANTEES – RESPONSIBILITY – FORCE MAJEURE EVENT

   5.1 USER’S GUARANTEE

   By accessing the Company’s Website and/or Application, the User
   declares, warrants and undertakes :
   • to access and use the Website and/or the Application and the Services
   honestly, reasonably, and in a way that does not contradict the terms
   of these GTU and for a strictly personal and not-for-profit use
   • not to use devices or software other than those provided by the
   Company aiming at i) affecting or attempting to affect the smooth
   running of the Website and/or Application and/or Services that it
   contains ii) or at extracting, amending or consulting all or part of
   the Website and/or Application, even in buffer or temporary memory, or
   for a personalised use
   • not to access and/or use the Website and/or the Application and/or
   the Services provided by the Company on the said Website or Application
   for unlawful purposes and/or with a view to infringing the reputation
   and brand image of the Company or more generally infringing the rights,
   in particular the intellectual property rights, of the Company and/or
   third parties
   • not to market the Services and/or access to the Services and/or
   access to the Website and/or the Application, directly or indirectly
   • not to reuse all or part of the Website and/or Application and
   Services that they contain, in particular for commercial purposes
   and/or collective purposes and/or personal purposes in a format and/or
   with media that is not authorised by the Company
   • not to operate the Services provided by the Company or data to which
   he/she may have access via the said Services and/or the Website and/or
   the Application for directly or indirectly commercial purposes and/or
   for personal purposes in a format and/or with media that is not
   authorised by the Company
   • not to reproduce or show all or part of the Website and/or the
   Application for private purposes other than the legal exceptions
   specified, in particular by the French Intellectual Property Code, or
   with a view to direct or indirect marketing in particular with a third
   party
   • not to limit access and use of the Website and/or Application and/or
   Services
   • not to amend, including in buffer or temporary memory, any
   information or element of the Services and/or the content of the
   Website and/or Application
   • not to contravene the provisions of articles 323-1 to 323-7 of the
   French Penal Code punishing so-called “hacking” practices
   • not to use and/or exploit the electronic and/or postal details of the
   other Users of the Website and/or the Application, with a view to mass
   mailing of unsolicited emails and “spamming”
   In the event of breach of one of these obligations and without this
   list being complete, the User acknowledges and accepts that the Company
   will be entitled to refuse the User’s access to all or part of the
   Website and/or the Application, unilaterally and without prior notice.

   5.2 COMPANY’S GUARANTEE

   The Company provides the User, through its Website and/or Application,
   with access to a certain number of Services aiming at assisting the
   User in his/her real-estate project.
   The User is perfectly aware that the Company cannot, in particular,
   guarantee the outcome given :
   • to real-estate rental and/sale advertisements that he/she may have
   consulted on the Website and/or Application;
   • to the answers that may be given to him/her further to his/her
   requests for contact with the Real-Estate Partners having published
   real-estate rental and/or sale advertisements;
   •  and more generally to the User’s special requirements.
   The Company declines all responsibility regarding the reliability
   and/or relevance of the content published by the Real-Estate Partners
   on the Website and/or the Application, the said content being put on
   line and published under their full responsibility.
   The Company will endeavour to put the Users into contact with the
   Real-Estate Partners publishing their content via the Website and/or
   the Application.
   The Company does not guarantee any contractual relation between the
   User and the said Real-Estate Partners.
   The Users acknowledge that the Company does not intervene at any time
   in the exchanges and transactions between the Users and the Real-Estate
   Partners and does not act as a mediator between the Users and the
   Real-Estate Partners.
   Consequently, the tort or contractual liability of the Company may not
   be incurred, in any event, for the signature, lack of signature,
   performance, cancellation or mediation of any contractual relation
   between the Users and the Real-Estate Partners or for the consequences,
   of any kind, resulting from a dispute between the latter.

   5.3 LIMITED LIABILITY

   The User is exclusively liable for the use that he/she makes of the
   Website and/or Application and the Services to which he/she has access
   from the Website and/or the Application.
   The Company may not, in any event, be held liable in relation to legal
   action brought against the User who may be guilty of non-compliant use
   of the Website and/or the Application and/or the Services that he/she
   obtains.
   In this respect, the User acknowledges and accepts that he/she will
   deal personally with any claim or procedure brought against the
   Company, due to the lack of compliant use by the User of the Services
   and/or the Website and/or the Application.
   The Website and/or the Application may contain hypertext links sending
   the User to third parties’ websites.
   In this respect, considering the evanescent nature of the content which
   may be displayed on them, the liability of the Company may not be
   incurred in the event that the content of the said third-party websites
   infringes the legal and/or regulatory provisions in force.
   In any event, the Company may not be held liable:
   • in the event of unavailability of the Services for reasons such as
   failure in the public electricity network, failure in cabled
   telecommunications networks, loss of connection to the internet due to
   public or private operators, in particular of the User, the causes of
   which are due in particular to strike, storms, earthquakes or any other
   cause with the characteristics of a force majeure event;
   • in the case of use of the Services by a User in conditions that do
   not comply with these GTU;
   • within the limits of the legislation in force, for any indirect
   damage, including in particular loss of profits, data or any other loss
   of intangible assets, even if the Company has been informed of the
   potential nature of such damage, that may occur (i) from the use or
   impossibility to use the Services (ii) further to access to the
   Services by an unauthorised User.
   The Company may not be held liable for any malfunction of any kind
   related to the User’s computer equipment or his/her Internet
   connection, upon accessing the Website and/or the Application and more
   generally the Services. More particularly, the Company cannot provide
   guarantees for the User of the Services regarding :
   • problems that the User may encounter related to the speed of
   accessing the Website and/or Application or the speed of the
   installation in the buffer memory of the User’s computer of the videos
   that may be accessed via the Services;
   • the quality of the texts, information, descriptions, photographs and
   videos enclosed with the real-estate rental and/or sale advertisements
   published by the User and/or the Real-Estate Partners and accessible
   through its Services.
   UNLAWFUL CONTENT
   As a hosting service, as stipulated in article 6-I-7 of law no.2004-575
   of 21st June 2004, of the advertisements published under the exclusive
   responsibility of the Real-Estate Partners, the Company cannot
   physically organise a general surveillance of the adverts that it hosts
   on the Website and/or Application and cannot assess their lawful or
   unlawful content.
   Thus, in the event that the User should discover that all or part of an
   advert – put on line on the Website and/or Application by a Real-Estate
   Partner – may contain clearly unlawful content, the User is requested
   to inform the Company of this.
   In order to comply with the provisions of article 6-I-5 of law no.
   2004-575 of 21st June 2004, the User will be requested by the Company
   to give further information by communicating all of the following
   elements in writing:
   • surnames, first names, date and place of birth, postal address;
   • the date of notification of the litigious advert;
   • the number(s) of the litigious advert(s);
   • the URL address(es) of the litigious advert(s);
   • the reasons why the advert should be removed, including the legal
   provisions and evidence of the facts;
   • a copy of the correspondence sent to the advertiser requesting the
   removal or amendment of the advert or the evidence that the advertiser
   could not be contacted.
   In this respect, the User undertakes not to abuse this possibility,
   otherwise he/she acknowledges and accepts the risk of criminal
   proceedings, in accordance with the provisions of article 6.I.4 of law
   no. 2004-575 of 21st June 2004 by which: “The fact that any person
   presents to the persons indicated in 2 (hosts) a content or activity as
   being unlawful with the aim of obtaining its withdrawal or stopping its
   publication, when such person knows that this information is incorrect,
   is punished by one year of imprisonment and a fine of 15 000 Euros”.

   5.4 FORCE MAJEURE EVENT

   The Company’s liability may not be sought if the performance of one of
   its obligations is prevented or delayed due to a force majeure event as
   defined by article 1218 of the French Civil Code as amended by order
   no. 2016-131 of 10th February 2016 and interpreted by case-law examples
   from the French courts, and in particular, without limitation, natural
   disasters, fire, failure or interruption of the telecommunications
   network or electricity network.

   6. CLAIMS – TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE

   For any technical information or information related to the functions
   of the Services accessible via the Website and/or the Application, the
   User may send his/her claim to the contact details indicated in article
   1.4 of this document.

   7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

   7.1 COPYRIGHT ON THE COMPANY’S WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATION

   The Company is holder or licensee of the intellectual property rights
   both of the general structure of the Website and/or Application and its
   content (texts, slogans, graphics, images, videos, photos and other
   content).
   Therefore, in accordance with the provisions of Book 1 of the French
   Intellectual Property Code, any total or partial representation,
   reproduction, amendment, denaturing and/or operation of the Website
   and/or Application and/or its content and/or the Services, by any
   process whatsoever and on any medium whatsoever, without the Company’s
   prior, specific authorisation, is prohibited and constitutes deeds of
   copyright infringement.
   Similarly, any unauthorised operation of the Website and/or the
   Application and/or its content and/or the Services incurs the criminal
   and civil liability of the User on the grounds of copyright
   infringement.
   The Company only intends to disclose the Website and/or the Application
   and the Services in order to enable an access to them on the internet :
   i. from a computer or equivalent terminal with access to one or several
   telecommunications networks enabling access to the internet and a
   browser software on the internet (such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla
   Firefox, etc.);
   ii. from a telephone terminal with access to a telecommunications
   network enabling access to the internet (Wi-Fi connection, 4G, 3G,
   Edge, etc.);
   Any other use of the Website and/or Application and/or Services is
   deemed as automatically reserved for the Company and constitutes an
   infringement of its right to disclosure on the Website and/or the
   Application and/or the Services.

   7.2 DISTINGUISHING FEATURES

   Les marques, logos, dénominations sociales, sigles, noms commerciaux,
   enseignes et/ou nom de domaine de la Société et/ou de ses partenaires
   commerciaux mentionnés sur le Site Internet et/ou sur l’Application,
   permettant l'accès aux Services mis à disposition par la Société,
   constituent des signes distinctifs insusceptibles d'utilisation sans
   l'autorisation expresse et préalable de leur titulaire.The trademarks,
   logos, corporate names, symbols, trade names, brand names and/or domain
   name of the Company and/or its business partners indicated on the
   Website and/or the Application, enabling access to the Services made
   available by the Company, make up distinguishing features that may not
   be used without prior, specific authorisation from their holder.
   Any partial or total representation and/or reproduction and/or use of
   these distinguishing features is therefore prohibited and constitutes
   trademark infringement, in accordance with the provisions of Book 7 of
   the French Intellectual Property Code, usurpation of corporate name,
   trade name and domain name incurring the tort civil liability of its
   perpetrator.

   7.3 DATABASES

   The User acknowledges irrevocably that the Website and/or Application
   and the Services are made up of one or several databases made available
   by the Company as producer of the said databases as specified by the
   provisions of articles L.341-1 and thereafter of the French
   Intellectual Property Code.
   Therefore, in accordance with the provisions of article L. 342-1 of the
   same Code, the User is forbidden from :
   • extracting all or part of the content of one or several databases
   accessible on the Website and/or the Application and/or the Services
   through permanent or temporary transfer, in substantial quality or
   quantity, on another medium, by any means and in any format whatsoever,
   including for the purposes of use or consultation by media and/or
   processes not authorised by the Company;
   • reusing, by making available to the public, all or part of the
   content of one or several databases accessible on the Website and/or
   the Application and/or the Services, in substantial quality or
   quantity, regardless of the format, including by a hypertext link,
   media and/or processes not authorised by the Company;
   • creating, editing, maintaining, updating, importing, exporting,
   making available to third parties, free of charge or in return for
   payment, and participating in the above deeds, of a competing database
   resulting from all or part of one or several databases of the Company;
   • visualising on a screen by processes or media other than those by
   which the Company intends to disclose the Website and/or Application
   and Services.
   • generally speaking, any extraction, use, storage, reproduction,
   representation or conservation, whether direct or indirect, partial or
   total, including in buffer or temporary memory, in substantial quality
   or quantity of the content of one or several databases of the Company,
   performed by one of the processes indicated above is strictly
   prohibited, including by media that is not authorised by the Company.

   7.4 CONTENT OF THE SERVICES

   The User acknowledges and accepts that the access to the Website and/or
   the Application and Services made available by the Company may not
   entail any transfer or licencing whatsoever of the intellectual
   property rights (copyright in particular) and other rights in favour of
   the User.
   Access to the Services is exclusively limited to the User’s personal
   and private use in accordance with the conditions and limits set forth
   in these GTU and in accordance with the provisions of article L.122-5
   2° of the French Intellectual Property Code.
   Thus, the User acknowledges and accepts that the personal and private
   use granted to the latter by the Company, in relation to the access to
   its Services, excludes in particular access to the Services with a view
   to a collective use of their content, the reproduction, representation,
   resale, exchange, rental, transfer to a third party, amendment,
   adaptation, correction, whether free of charge or in return for
   payment, of all or part of the Website and/or the Application and
   Services and their content.

   7.5 HYPERTEXT LINKS

   The hypertext links accessible on the Website and/or Application,
   enabling to access the Services, towards other websites and/or
   applications and generally speaking towards all resources existing on
   the internet, may not incur the Company’s liability.
   The User may not, in any event, set up hypertext links to deep pages of
   the Websites and/or Applications, enabling access to the Services, by
   any technical process aiming at avoiding the User identification field
   or performing site crawling of all or part of the content of the
   Services made available by the Company. “Framing” techniques are
   prohibited, unless previously and specifically authorised by the
   Company.

   8. MISCELLANEOUS TERMS

   8.1 CORRESPONDENCE – PROOF

   Unless otherwise stipulated by a special provision in these GTU, all
   correspondence exchanged between the Company and the User will be sent
   by email. The User acknowledges and accepts that the information
   delivered by the Company by email and on the Website and/or the
   Application is taken as evidence between the User and the Company.
   Elements such as the time of receipt or sending, and the quality of the
   data received will be taken as evidence as a priority as they are shown
   on the Website and/or Application, or as authenticated by the
   computerised procedures of the Company, unless the User provides
   written proof to the contrary. The scope of the proof of the
   information issued by the Website and/or Application is that granted to
   an original document for a written paper document, signed by hand.

   8.2 ENTIRETY OF THE GTU

   These GTU set forth all of the obligations of the Company and of the
   User. The fact that one of the parties does not take advantage of a
   breach by the other party of any of the obligations stipulated in this
   document, may not be interpreted for the future as a waiver of the
   obligation in question.

   8.3 PARTIAL INVALIDITY

   In the event that one or several provisions of these GTU should be
   considered as null and void, deemed as unwritten or declared as such in
   accordance with a law, regulation or further to a decision from a court
   with jurisdiction which has the binding force of res judicata, the
   other provisions will maintain their full value and scope and shall
   remain fully applicable, unless the invalid provision(s) has (have) a
   substantial nature leading their removal to challenge the contractual
   balance.

   8.4 HEADINGS

   In the case of difficulties in interpretation between one of the
   headings of the clauses of these GTU, and the content of the clauses,
   the headings shall be declared as unwritten.

   9. APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

   These GTU are subject to French law. In the event of a dispute related
   to the application, interpretation, validity and performance of these
   GTU, and in the absence of any out-of-court agreement between the
   parties, specific jurisdiction is granted to the French courts.

   10. CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY – PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION

   10.1. PERSONAL DATA

   a) Head of Processing
   The head of processing of the User Data processed by the Company is
   DIGITAL CLASSIFIEDS FRANCE (hereafter referred to as the “DCF”)
   French Société par Actions Simplifiée (simplified joint-stock company)
   with share capital of € 642 609 233
   Registered office: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18, France
   Paris Trade and Companies Registry no. 789 177 391
   SIRET : 789 177 391 00024
   Intra-community VAT number : FR29789177391
   represented by Bertrand GSTALDER

   The Company and DCF which is published the website logic-immo.com
   belong to the same group DCF.

   b) Type of personal data collected from the User by DCF
   The Data that DCF collects from the User or the latter’s terminal may
   include :
   • the User’s surname and first name,
   • his/her postal address,
   • his/her email address,
   • his/her telephone number,
   • his/her year of birth,
   • the IP address of his/her device or the SDK (Software Development
   Kit) number of the Application that he/she uses,
   • his/her unique identifier and password,
   • information related to his/her browsing and interactions with the
   Services, Application and/or Website (search history, forms, cookies,
   etc.),
   • information related to his/her geolocation only if he/she chooses
   this (via the Application),
   • information related to his/her profile on a social media site if the
   latter is public and only if the User decides to link his/her account
   to a social media site and share his/her actions in accordance with the
   conditions specified in the article entitled “CONNECTION VIA SOCIAL
   MEDIA” of these GTU.

   DCF collects information provided by the Users in particular : • upon
   creation of their personal spaces,
   • upon completing and sending contact forms,
   • upon their browsing on the Website and/or Application (consultation
   of adverts, searches, etc.).

   c) Legal grounds for the processing
   In relation to accepting the GTU, and in accordance with article 6.1 of
   the General Regulation on Data Protection, the User is informed that
   the various processing techniques of his/her Data referred to below are
   required (i) for the performance and completion of the Services offered
   by DCF, the supply of which is governed by these GTU constituting the
   agreement signed by the User aiming at accompanying the latter in
   relation to his/her real-estate project; (ii) and for the legitimate
   interests sought by DCF with a view to improving its Services and
   understanding the expectations of the Users, enabling in particular to
   protect the Users’ rights and Data

   d) Purpose of the processing
   The Users’ Data processed by DCF are used for the following purposes :
   • to enable them to create an account,
   • to provide them with the Services available through the Website
   and/or Application,
   • to answer their requests,
   • to draw up general statistics on the traffic on its Website and/or
   the Application and the various sections that they contain,
   • to send them emails with answers, various information or
   advertisements published on the Website and/or Application by DCF or by
   its Real-Estate Partners, customers of DCF,
   • to send them emails with newsletters on the evolution of the Website
   and/or the Application and the various sections of the said Website
   and/or the Application,
   • to have more information on their needs and to simplify their
   browsing and/or to analyse or predict elements about them, such as
   personal preferences, interests, reliability and their conduct,
   • to perform surveys and satisfaction studies.
   The Users’ Data processed by DCF are also used for marketing purposes
   to answer requests for information and canvassing issued by the Users
   to third-party partners, subject to the Users’ specific consent.

   e) Recipients of User’s personal data
   The Users’ Data are communicated to DCF for a number of purposes
   including in order to benefit Services adapted to the Users. Data may
   also communicate to other subsidiaries of DCF Group for client’s
   knowledge.
   The User accepts consequently the sharing of his Data between the
   subsidiaries of DCF Group.
   To know the list up to date of the companies belongs to DCF, the User
   may contact DCF.
   Moreover, the Data may be communicated, in accordance with the laws
   applicable to DCF, for one or several of the purposes described in
   article 10.1 d), to the persons listed below:
   • empowered and authorised staff members of DCF who may be required to
   process the Data,
   • Real-Estate Partners, customers of DCF, that the Users specifically
   wish to contact in order to manage their requests (information on a
   property, agency, estimation request, etc.),
   • IT service providers of DCF in charge in particular of providing a
   service and advertisements adapted to the Users and of assessing the
   number of visits to the Website and/or Application in accordance with
   the provisions of the article entitled “Use of monitoring technologies
   (Website and/or Application)” of these GTU,
   • administrative or court authorities authorised by French law,
   • business partners of DCF when the Users have specifically agreed to
   receive promotional offers from them.

   f) Term of keeping the User’s personal data
   For facilitate the User’s search for the purchase and/or sale and/or
   rental of a real-estate property, the Data are kept by DCF, in
   accordance with the laws applicable to DCF, for a period of 3 years as
   from the User’s last contact with DCF (amendment of his/her account,
   browsing on one of the Websites and/or one of Applications, completion
   of a form on one of the Websites and/or one of Applications, etc.) on
   one of the Websites and/or one of Applications below :
   • www.seloger.com
   • www.selogerneuf.com
   • www.seloger-construire.com
   • www.bellesdemeures.com
   • www.louervite.fr
   • www.lacoteimmo.com
   • www.logic-immo.com
   • www.neuf.logic-immo.com
   • www.construire.logic-immo.com
   • www.lux-residence.com
   • www.immostreet.com

   This information may also be kept for an additional period of 2 years,
   with a restricted and exceptional access, for the purpose of evidence
   in accordance with the legal and regulatory obligations of DCF. The
   documents and accounting items are kept for 10 years, as accounting
   proof.

   10.2 USER’S RIGHT TO OBJECT, ACCESS, RECTIFY AND DELETE DATA

   a) User’s rights
   In accordance with the laws applicable to DCF, the User has the
   possibility of :
   • objecting, at any time for personal reasons, to the processing of
   his/her Data in relation to the Services provided by DCF,
   • objecting, at any time, to the processing of the Data for canvassing
   purposes,
   • objecting to the communication of the Data to third parties, or
   accessing all its Data processed in relation to the Services provided
   by DCF,
   • rectifying, updating and deleting his/her Data in relation to the
   Services provided by DCF,
   • subject to giving evidence of their identity to DCF and when this is
   technically possible, requesting the portability of the only personal
   data that he/she has provided to DCF. Analyses performed by DCF on
   these data are not included in the data provided to DCF,
   • providing DCF with instructions related to the outcome of his/her
   Data after his/her death.
   In the case of use of the right to objection by the User, DCF will stop
   processing the User’s Data, except in the case of legitimate and
   essential grounds for the processing, or to ensure the acknowledgement,
   use or defence of its rights in court, in accordance with the General
   Regulation on Data Protection. Where appropriate, DCF will inform the
   User of the grounds for which the User’s rights may not be totally or
   partially applied.

   b) Methods of implementing the User’s rights
   In order to use his/her rights, the User must simply send a letter to
   DCF using the address details indicated in article 1.2 of the GTU or
   contact DCF via the “Contact us” section, enclosing proof of identity
   with his/her request (indicate surname, first name, email address) – in
   accordance with Chapter III of the General Regulation on Data
   Protection.

   10.3 SECURITY AND ARCHIVING OF THE USER’S PERSONAL DATA

   DCF collects and processes the Data using the greatest confidentiality
   and security, in accordance with the laws applicable to DCF.
   DCF undertakes to take all reasonable measures required for ensuring
   the security and protection of the Data of the Users of its Website
   and/or the Application and its Services, collected and processed by it
   (in particular firewall, physical access control to the data centre,
   authorisations, etc.).

   10.4 DISPUTE SETTLEMENT REGARDING THE PROCESSING OF DATA

   In the event of dispute between DCF and the User regarding the
   processing of the Data, the User may send his/her claim to DCF by
   contacting it using the address details indicated in article 1.2 of the
   GTU. DCF will endeavour to find a satisfactory solution for the User,
   to ensure that the application regulations are respected.
   In the absence of a reply from DCF or if the dispute continues despite
   the proposal from DCF, the User may, in accordance with the provisions
   of the General Regulation on Data Protection, bring a claim before the
   Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (National Data
   Protection Agency) or the authority in charge of data protection in the
   EU Member State in which the User generally lives.

   11. NEWSLETTER AND ALERTS

   In order to keep the User informed of DCF’s news and advantages from
   which he/she may benefit, the latter may receive commercial information
   from DCF electronically (email, sms, etc.). If the User does not wish
   to receive offers and information from DCF, he/she may refuse the
   messages by specifying this, at any time, from the “Subscriptions”
   section of his/her account and clicking on the “unsubscribe” hypertext
   link at the bottom of each electronic message received.
   The User may personalise the reception of newsletters and manage alert
   subscriptions that he/she wishes to receive upon creating his/her
   account or by going to his/her account, section “Subscriptions”. The
   User then has the possibility of selecting the alerts and newsletters
   of interest to him/her from the various categories. The User may stop
   the sending of newsletters and alerts at any time by going to his/her
   account.
   If the User does not make a selection and has not specified any refusal
   upon creating his/her account, he/she may receive information on the
   news involving DCF and newsletters and alerts regarding similar
   products and services to those already consulted by the User on the
   Website and/or Application.

   12. COOKIES

   DCF uses cookies on its Website and/or Application. Cookies are pieces
   of information related to the browsing habits from the computer of the
   User on the Websites and/or Application of DCF and which enable to
   establish which pages he/she has consulted, their date and time of
   consultation. The collection of this information by DCF is detailed in
   the “INFORMATION REGARDING THE USE OF COOKIES”. These cookies never
   enable DCF to identify the User personally. These cookies are kept in
   the User’s computer for a maximum period of thirteen (13) months. The
   User is informed that he/she has the possibility to object to the
   registration of these cookies, in particular by configuring his/her
   internet browser in this respect, as detailed in the “INFORMATION
   REGARDING THE USE OF COOKIES”.

   13. USE OF MONITORING TECHNOLOGIES (WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATION)

   As part of the availability of the Services for the User, DCF uses the
   technologies detailed in this article, of which the User is completely
   informed.
   All of the data collected in relation to the use of the Services, the
   Website and/or Application are processed by DCF and the parties
   indicated in Article 10.1 e) located within and outside of the European
   Union, in particular with a view to performing and providing the
   Services, in accordance with the rules stipulated by the French IT and
   Freedom law and the General Regulation on Data Protection. These data
   will be processed with a view to monitoring the Website and the
   Application, in accordance with the provisions below.
   Access or use of all or part of the Services implies the unrestricted
   and unreserved acceptance of these various technologies by the User.

   a) Use of monitoring technologies on the Website and Application
   DCF uses:
   • the OMNITURE ADOBE ANALYTICS tool (Adobe Systems Incorporated - 345
   Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704 USA) in order to assist
   DCF in understanding how the Website and Application are used via the
   cookies and to improve their content and marketing campaigns
   accordingly. For more information on the procedures to refuse these
   cookies click here : https://www.adobe.com/fr/privacy/opt-out.html
   • the MEDIAMETRIE tool (70 rue Rivay - 92532 LEVALLOIS CEDEX - France)
   in order to assess the visitors to its Website and Application. For
   more information on the procedures to refuse these cookies click here :
   http://www.mediametrie.fr/pages/cookies.php?page=194,
   • the DOUBLECLICK FOR PUBLISHERS and GOOGLE TAG MANAGER tool from
   GOOGLE (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) in
   order to manage publicity and analyse the conduct of the Users on the
   Website and Application. For more information on the procedures to
   refuse these cookies click here :
   https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/2839090?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr
   https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr

   b) Use of monitoring technologies on the Application
   DCF uses :
   • the CRASHLYTICS analysis program (1 Kendall Square, Cambridge, MA
   02139, USA). Crashlytics collects the data regarding the use of the
   Application, in particular as regards breakdowns and system bugs. The
   information on the device used or the version of the Application
   installed, and other information will be used in order to correct the
   bugs, mainly as regards the software and User’s equipment. The User may
   find more information on this matter in the Crashlytics confidentiality
   policy: https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf,
   • the ACCENGAGE program (31, rue du 4 Septembre - 75002 Paris – France)
   in order to manage and analyse the routing campaigns of notifications
   and displays of in-app publicity banners. The User may find more
   information on this matter in the ACCENGAGE confidentiality policy:
   https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/,
   • the FIREBASE program (I22 4th St. Suite 1000 (10th Floor), San
   Francisco, CA 94103, USA) in order to monitor and analyse the
   Application’s uses. The User may find more information on this matter
   in the FIREBASE confidentiality policy:
   https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html,
   • the XAMARIN program (1355 Market St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA
   94103 - USA) enabling to create applications by using the C# language.
   The User may find more information on this matter in the XAMARIN
   confidentiality policy:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement,
   • the HOCKEY APP program (Microsoft Corporation - One Microsoft Way -
   Redmond, Washington 98052-6399 USA) in order to improve its services
   and detect bugs on its Application. The User may find more information
   on this matter in the HOCKEY APP confidentiality policy:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement,
   • the TUNE program (Tune, Inc.2200 Western Avenue, Suite 200 Seattle,
   WA 98121 USA) in order to understand and analyse the performance
   results of the Application. The User may find more information on this
   matter in the TUNE confidentiality policy:
   https://www.tune.com/resources/data-and-privacy/privacy-policies,

   14. CONNECTION VIA SOCIAL MEDIA (Facebook Connect and Google +)

   The Facebook Connect and Connection via Google + functions enable the
   Users to connect to the Application using their Facebook or Google +
   accounts.
   When the Users connect to our Website and/or Application using their
   Facebook or Google + accounts, DCF may have access to certain
   information that you have entered on Facebook or Google +, in order to
   provide them with a personalised and social experience.
   An authorisation to have access to their profile data (profile,
   contacts, contact details, etc.) and to share their activities with
   Facebook or Google + will be asked from them.
   The access by DCF to the data of Facebook or of Google + and the use
   made of this are limited; in particular, DCF only uses the data
   strictly necessary for running the Application.
   The User is informed, via the Application, of the data used and the way
   in which they are used, displayed, shared or transferred.
   If the User connects to the Website and/or the Application by using
   his/her Facebook or Google + identifiers and if his/her friends also
   connect to their account on the Website and/or Application, they will
   know that the User has an account with DCF, unless the User has chosen
   not to be visible for his/her friends on other websites.
   The User may decide which type of information his/her friends may
   access by configuring his/her account in the Applications section of
   the Facebook website.

   INFORMATION REGARDING THE USE OF COOKIES

   When visiting our website, information may be recorded in “cookie”
   files installed on your computer, tablet or mobile telephone.
   This page will help you to understand what a cookie is, what it is used
   for and how to configure it.

   1. WHAT IS A COOKIE?

   A cookie is a text file that may be recorded, subject to your choices,
   in a dedicated space of the hard drive of your device, when consulting
   an online service using your browsing software.
   A cookie file enables its issuer to identify the device on which it is
   recorded, throughout the cookie’s validity period.

   2. WHAT ARE THE COOKIES ISSUED ON OUR WEBSITE USED FOR?

   The cookies used on our website enable to identify the services and
   sections that the user has visited and, more generally, the user’s
   conduct in terms of visits.
   This information is useful in order to provide a better personalisation
   of the services, content, offers and banners that are shown on our
   website and to facilitate browsing on our website.
   Cookies are also necessary for the correct operation of certain
   services or for audience rating purposes.
   Cookies may also be included in advertising areas of our website. Some
   anonymous information may be sent to third parties to enable them to
   adapt their content.

   2.1 Cookies that we issue on our website :

   When you connect to our website, we may be required, subject to your
   choices, to install various cookies on your device enabling us to
   recognise your device’s browser during the validity period of the
   cookie in question.
   The cookies that we issue are used for the purposes described below,
   subject to your choices, as a result of the parameters of your browsing
   software used when visiting our website.
   The cookies enable us to : 1. Facilitate your browsing on our website :
   • by adapting the presentation of our website to your device’s display
   preferences (language used, display resolution, operating system used,
   etc.) during your visits to our website, depending on the visualisation
   or consultation equipment and software that your device has,
   • by memorising the information related to a form that you have
   completed on our website (registration or access to your account) or to
   products, services or information that you have chosen on our website
   (service used, content consulted, etc.),
   • by enabling you to have access to reserved and personalised areas of
   our website, such as your account, through usernames or data that you
   may have provided to us previously
   • by implementing security measures.
   2. Improve our services:
   These cookies enable to draw up statistics and volumes of visits and
   use of the various elements making up our website (sections and content
   visited, browsing patterns, ...) in order to improve the interest and
   ergonomics of our services.
   3. Adapt the publicity offered on our website:
   • by counting the total number of advertisements displayed by us on our
   advertising areas, to identify these advertisements, the number of
   users having clicked on each advertisement and to draw up statistics, •
   by adapting our advertising areas to your device’s display preferences
   (language used, display resolution, operating system used, etc.),
   depending on the visualisation or consultation equipment and software
   that your device has, • by adapting the publicity content displayed on
   your device depending on the browsing of your device on our website,
   • by adapting, where appropriate, the publicity content displayed on
   your device according to the location data transferred by your device
   with your prior consent and
   • by adapting the publicity content displayed on your device depending
   on the personal data that you have provided to us.

   2.2. The cookies issued on our website by third parties:

   The issue and use of cookies by third parties under their
   responsibility are subject to the privacy protection policies of these
   third parties. We inform you of the purpose of the cookies of which we
   have knowledge and the means available to you from these third parties
   for making choices in relation to these cookies.
   You may use your rights in relation to the applicable regulations or
   make a claim directly to the third party in question.
   a) Due to third-party applications included in our website
   We may include computer applications (“plug-ins”) from third parties in
   our website/application, which enable you to share content from our
   website with other persons or inform these other persons of your visit
   or your opinion regarding content from our website/application. This is
   in particular the case for the “Share”, “Like” buttons from social
   media sites such as “Facebook”, “Twitter”, “LinkedIn”, etc.
   The social media site providing such a button may identify you through
   this button, even if you have not used this button when consulting our
   website/application. Indeed, this type of button may enable the social
   media site in question to monitor your browsing on our website, due to
   the simple fact that your account on the social media site was active
   on your device (open session) while you were browsing on our website.
   If you do not want social media to publish your actions from plug-ins
   in your accounts on social media sites, you should sign out from your
   social media sites before browsing on our website/application.
   b) Through third-party content shown in our advertising areas
   The publicity content shown on our website may contain cookies issued
   by third parties: either the advertiser providing the publicity content
   in question or another third-party company (communications advisory
   agency, audience rating company, targeted publicity service provider,
   etc.), which has associated a cookie with the publicity content of an
   advertiser.
   Where appropriate, the cookies issued by these third parties may enable
   them, throughout the validity period of these cookies:
   • to count the number of displays of publicity content shown on our
   advertising areas, to identify the advertisements thus shown, the
   number of users having clicked on each advertisement, enabling them to
   calculate the amounts owed due to this and to draw up statistics,
   • to recognise your device on its future browsing on any other website
   or service on which these advertisers or third parties also issue
   cookies and, where appropriate, to adapt these websites and third-party
   services or the advertisements that they display, to your device’s
   browsing.
   c) By our advertising management firm using our advertising areas
   Our website’s advertising areas may be used by our internal advertising
   management firm and, where appropriate, contain cookies issued by it.
   Where appropriate, the cookies issued enable us, throughout the
   validity period of these cookies :
   • to count the total number of advertisements displayed on our
   advertising areas, to identity these advertisements, their number of
   respective displays, the number of users having clicked on each
   advertisement and, where appropriate, the later action performed by
   these users on the pages to which these advertisements lead, in order
   to calculate the amounts owed to the members of the publicity supply
   chain (advertiser, communications agency, advertising management firm,
   display website/medium) and to draw up statistics,
   • to adapt the advertising areas to meet with your device’s display
   preferences (language used, display resolution, operating system used,
   etc.), according to the visualisation or consultation equipment and
   software that your device has,
   • adapt the publicity content displayed on your device via our
   advertising areas according to the browsing of your device on our
   website,
   • adapt the publicity content displayed on your device via our
   advertising areas according to previous or later browsing of your
   device on third-party websites in which the management firm also issues
   cookies, subject to these cookies having been recorded on your device
   in accordance with the choices that you have made in relation to the
   advertising management firm,
   • to adapt the publicity content displayed on your device through our
   advertising areas according to the location data (longitude and
   latitude) provided by your device with your prior consent and
   • to adapt the publicity content displayed on your device in our
   advertising areas according to the personal data that you may have
   provided.

   3. TERM OF VALIDITY OF THE COOKIES

   The cookies that we issue are configured for a validity period of 13
   (thirteen) months.

   4. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING THE COOKIES

   Several possibilities are available to you for managing the cookies.
   Any configuration that you may perform may amend your browsing on the
   Internet and our website, along with the conditions of accessing
   certain services requiring the use of cookies.
   If you do not accept the recording of cookies on your device, or if you
   delete those that are recorded on it, it is possible that you may no
   longer benefit from a certain number of functions required for browsing
   certain parts of our website.
   This would be the case if you were to attempt to access our content or
   services which require that you identify yourself.
   This would also be the case when we – or our service providers – may
   not recognise, for technical compatibility purposes, the type of
   browser used by your device, its language and display parameters or the
   country in which your device appears to be connected to the internet.
   Where appropriate, we decline all liability for the consequences
   related to reduced functions in our services as a result of the
   impossibility for us to record or consult the cookies required for
   their operation and that you have refused or deleted.
   You may choose at any time to put forward and alter your choices in
   terms of cookies, using the means described below.

   4.1. Blocking a cookie through your browsing software

   You may configure your browsing software so that the cookies are
   recorded on your device or, on the contrary, are blocked, either
   systematically or depending on their issuer. You may also set your
   browsing software so that the acceptance or blocking of cookies is
   offered to you each time, before a cookie may be recorded on your
   device.
   In order to manage the cookies and your choices, setting up each
   browser is different. It is described in your browser’s help menu,
   which will enable you to know how to alter your choices in terms of
   cookies.
   For more information :
   http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/les-cookies/conseils-aux-inter
   nautes/
   For example:
   For Internet Explorer :
   http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
   For Firefox :
   https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies?redirectlo
   cale=fr&redirectslug=Activer+et+d%C3%A9sactiver+les+cookies
   For Safari : https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/fr-ww/cookies/
   For Google Chrome :
   https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=fr&hlrm=en
   For Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
   Etc …
   The "Flash"© cookies of "Adobe Flash Player"™
   "Adobe Flash Player"™ is a computer application which enables the quick
   development of dynamic content using “Flash” IT language. Flash (and
   the applications of the same type) memorise the parameters, preferences
   and use of these contents with similar technology to cookies. However,
   "Adobe Flash Player"™ manages this information and your choices via a
   different interface from that provided by your browsing software.
   As your device may visualise content developed with the Flash language,
   we suggest that you access your Flash cookies management tools directly
   at
   http://www.adobe.com/fr/support/flashplayer/ts/documents/52697ee8.htm

   4.2. Blocking a publicity cookie

   You can manage the use and operation of these cookies by going to the
   publicity cookies management platforms offered by publicity
   professionals :
   http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/controler-ses-cookies/ and by
   following the instructions given there. You may thus find out about the
   companies registered on this platform, which offer you the possibility
   of blocking or accepting the cookies used by them in order to adapt the
   advertisements likely to be displayed to your browsing information.

   4.3. Blocking a cookie issued by a social media site:

   If you do not wish for our website to record cookies issued by a social
   media site, you can click on the following deactivation links which
   will record a cookie within your browser aiming solely at deactivating
   them. Deactivating these cookies will therefore prevent any interaction
   with the social network(s) in question:
   • FACEBOOK : https://www.facebook.com/help/360595310676682/
   • TWITTER :
   https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171379-twitter-prend-en-charge-l
   a-desactivation-du-suivi-dnt#
   • GOOGLE + : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   • LINKEDIN : http://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
   • YAHOO : https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/cookies/
   • YOUTUBE : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   For more information about cookies
   https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-les-outils-pour-les-maitriser

     * Home
     * General Term of Use

   ;

   [X]
   [X] Luxury apartment
     * Luxury apartment for sale Paris
     * Luxury apartment for sale Bordeaux
     * Luxury apartment for sale Cannes
     * Luxury apartment for sale Nice

     * Luxury apartment for sale Montpellier
     * Luxury apartment for sale Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxury apartment for sale Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Luxury apartment for sale Marseille

     * Luxury apartment for sale Lyon
     * Luxury apartment for sale Toulouse
     * Luxury apartment for sale Uccle
     * Luxury apartment for sale Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxury houses and villas
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Paris
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Bordeaux
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Cannes
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Nice

     * Luxury house/villa for sale Montpellier
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Mougins
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Uzès

     * Luxury house/villa for sale Toulouse
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Deauville
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Uccle
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxury real estate
     * Luxury real estate Uccle
     * Luxury real estate Knokke-Heist
     * Luxury real estate Ixelles
     * Luxury real estate Knokke

     * Luxury real estate Antwerp
     * Luxury real estate St-Genesius-Rode
     * Luxury real estate Paris
     * Luxury real estate Bordeaux

     * Luxury real estate Cannes
     * Luxury real estate Nice
     * Luxury real estate Montpellier
     * Luxury real estate Aix-en-Provence

   [ ]
   LUXURY NEWS

   Exclusive venues, prestigious events stay informed of the luxury
   market.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   You email address is only used by Digital Classifieds France to send
   you Belles Demeures newsletters. You may unsubscribe at anytime using
   the link within the newsletter. Find out more about data management and
   your rights.

   [ ] Our applications

   A Belles Demeures application is available specifically for iPhone and
   iPad. Available in France only.
   Apple store
   Discover
     * [ ] France
          + Luxury real estate
          + All cities
          + All departments
          + All regions
          + All offers
     * [ ] Belgium
          + Luxury real estate
          + All the sections of communes
          + All the Communes
          + All the Arrondissements
          + All the Provinces
          + All offers

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] International site
               o International site
               o Belgian site
          + About us
          + Our offer
          + Contact us
          + GCU-Privacy Policy
          + Functions of our website

   [ ] Follow us

   [ ] Our offers
     * Real estate in France
     * New build
     * Real estate professionals
     * Price m² and estimation
     * Build your house
     * Offices and commercial premises
     * Holiday rentals
     * Webmarketing Real estate
     * Real estate in Belgium
     * Seasonal rental

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] My favourites
     * You have no favourite ads.
       Click on the
       symbol on an advert to add it to your list.

   [ ] English
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Buy
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       All properties for sale
     * ( ) Rent
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       All properties to rent
     * Holidays
     * ( ) Regions
       ( ) In France
          + All properties in France
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Brittany
          + Burgundy
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Franche-Comté
          + Ile de France (Paris outskirts)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Loire Valley
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas-de-Calais
          + Normandy
          + Overseas collectivities
          + Overseas regions
          + Picardy
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhone-Alps
          + Western Loire
       ( ) In Belgium
          + Properties in Belgium
          + Brussels-Capital
          + West Flanders
          + Flemish Brabant
          + Antwerp
          + Walloon Brabant
          + East Flanders
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) In the world
          + All properties in the world
          + Portugal
          + Greece
          + Spain
          + Morocco
          + Switzerland
          + United States
          + Italy
          + Mauritius
          + Netherlands
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + United Arab Emirates
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Leaf through the magazine
     * ( ) The agencies
       (*) The best luxury specialists
          + Agencies speaking French
          + Agencies speaking English
          + Agencies speaking Spanish
          + Agencies speaking Dutch
          + Agencies speaking Italian
          + Agencies speaking German
          + Agencies speaking Russian
          + Agencies speaking Portuguese
       Find the right specialist

Narrow the search

   Reset
   [ ] Buy
     * Buy
     * Rent
     * Holiday rentals

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Search
   More Criteria
   Create an alert

   Create an alert

   31892 Exceptional properties

luxury

   Sort
   [ ] Selection
     * Selection
     * Price descending
     * Price ascending
     * Date of publication
     * Surface descending
     * Surface ascending

   [ ] Our ads ranking rules

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 85 m², 4 Rooms, Paris 11ème.
     * 9

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 85 m² Paris 11ème

   3,100 €

   3 bedrooms

   This furnished apartment85 m² (about 914 ft²), in a building of 6
   floors comprises 4 rooms including 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet.
   It is provided with a living room and with a Separate kitchen. It's
   located on the 3rd floor with a lift. Heating : Individual. Others :
   parquet floor.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 100 m², 4 Rooms, Paris 13ème.
     * 10

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 100 m² Paris 13ème

   3,135 €

   3 bedrooms 2 Terraces 1 parking space

   This furnished apartment (Apartment) 100 m² (about 1075 ft²), built in
   2002 duplex, in a building of 6 floors comprises 4 rooms including 3
   bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. It is provided with a living room, with a
   None, with a terrace and with a parking lot. It's located on the 6th
   floor with a lift. Heating : Individual.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 275 m², 5 Rooms, Uccle.
     * 27

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 5 Rooms • 275 m² Uccle

   7,500 €

   3 bedrooms Swimming pool Terrace

   Uccle, Wellington area, in a quiet and green area, exceptional
   furnished apartment of ± 275m ² finishing upscale renovated with taste
   in 2007 in a building of 1980 with beautiful terrace of 40m ² south
   including superb receptions of 100m ², large Semi-open kitchen of 24m ²
   super equipped, master bedroom with dressing and bathroom with shower
   adjoining the master bedroom, 2 bedrooms of 15 and 14sqm with dressing
   room each, 1 bathroom, laundry, large garage box, two cellars , Fitted
   wardrobes and cupboards, alarm, air conditioning in the master bedroom,
   exterior electric shutters throughout, electrical interior blinds
   throughout. Ref: '2994200'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 220 m², 4 Rooms, Uccle.
     * 22

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 220 m² Uccle

   3,395 €

   3 bedrooms Terrace

   Located in a quiet area of Uccle near Avenue Montjoie and Edith Cavell,
   D Day offers this beautiful penthouse completely renovated in 2014
   located in a beautiful private park. Total area of ± 220m² comprising:
   Entrance hall, cloakroom, dining room, spacious living room of ± 55m²,
   a first bedroom of ± 19m² with its bathroom (jacuzzi) / shower, a
   second bedroom of ± 16m² accompanied by its bathroom, a third bedroom /
   office with shower room, fully equipped kitchen (cold room, wine
   fridge, etc. ..), 4 toilets. Cupboard integrated in all the apartment.
   Terrace of ± 60m² park view. High finish and quality materials. Three
   parking spaces, cellar, attic.Charges of euros 600 including everything
   except electricity. Info and visits: info@jour-j Ref: '4720MW'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 215 m², 5 Rooms, Brussels City.
     * 10

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 5 Rooms • 215 m² Brussels City

   3,330 €

   4 bedrooms

   W-0297HM Beautiful renovated apartment offering +/- 215m ² living space
   opposite the Parc du Cinquantenaire. It is composed as follows: large
   entrance hall with cloakroom and guest toilet, a large and bright
   living room of +/- 73m², a separate fully equipped kitchen, a laundry
   area, night hall with 4 bedrooms (+/- 12m², 12sqm, 15sqm and 25sqm)
   including one with dressing room and bathroom, a shower room and a
   separate toilet. Others: armored door, videophone, nice finishes,
   cellar and 2 parking spaces in the building. Charges: 330 euros / month
   (common, provisions heating and water) Possibility of parking: 150
   euros/month PEB: D; CO2: 40 Exceptionally located next Mérode, close to
   Montgomery Square and at a walking distance from Parc du Cinquenten
   Ref: '3130158'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 140 m², 4 Rooms, Brussels City.
     * 11

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 140 m² Brussels City

   2,750 €

   3 bedrooms

   Ixelles, apartment furnished of 140m², located on the 1st floor, living
   room of 50m² with parquet and fireplace, fully equipped kitchen, 3
   bedrooms with parquet floors, 2 bathrooms, cellar, 1 to 2 cars,
   heating. Ref: '3492482'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 16 Rooms, Antwerp 1.
     * 13

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 16 Rooms Antwerp 1

   9,000 €

   15 bedrooms

   In a quiet environment, this apartment has 16 rooms including 15
   bedrooms. It has a living room and a None. It's located on the 1st
   floor with a lift. Heating : Gaz.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 220 m², 4 Rooms, Ixelles.
     * 20

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 220 m² Ixelles

   4,200 €

   3 bedrooms Terrace

   In a quiet environment, this apartment220 m² (about 2365 ft²), built in
   2018, in a building of 6 floors comprises 4 rooms including 3 bedrooms,
   1 bathroom and 1 toilet. It is provided with a None, with a terrace,
   with 2 garages and with a cellar. It's located on the 2nd floor with a
   lift. Heating : Gaz. Others : parquet floor.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 96 m², 3 Rooms, Ixelles.
     * 8

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 3 Rooms • 96 m² Ixelles

   2,900 €

   2 bedrooms

   In a quiet environment, this furnished apartment96 m² (about 1032 ft²),
   in a building of 8 floors has 3 rooms including 2 bedrooms and 1
   bathroom. It has a living room, a Kitchen/dining room, a garage and a
   cellar. It's located on the 3rd floor with a lift. Others : intercom,
   parquet floor.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 164 m², 4 Rooms, Ixelles.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 164 m² Ixelles

   2,850 €

   3 bedrooms

   IXELLES (Molière/Merjay), à deux pas de la place Brugmann, dans un
   immeuble de prestige (entièrement remis à neuf), sublime appartement de
   +/- 164m², comprenant: hall d'entrée, wc invités avec lave mains,
   espace buanderie + chaudière individuelle, living, cuisine full
   équipée, hall de nuit, 3 chambres, sdb + wc, sdd, placards encastrés,
   double vitrage partout, cave, garage box en supplément (200
   euros/mois). Libre immédiatement. BAIL SOCIETE POSSIBLE !!! Pour
   conditions et visites: 02 344 88 84 / rent@tribel-immo.be /
   www.tribel-immo.be (PEB: D+) Ref: '6608 - 739'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 152 m², 6 Rooms, Paris 6ème.
     * 19

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 6 Rooms • 152 m² Paris 6ème

   7,200 €

   4 bedrooms Terrace 1 Balcony 1 parking space

   EMPTY RENTAL. Rue Notre Dame des Champs, in the immediate vicinity of
   the Luxembourg Gardens the agency Dauphine 7th district offers you on
   the 5th floor of a recent building. An apartment of 152 m² including an
   entrance, a large living room opening onto a terrace of 65 m², a master
   suite with dressing room and shower room, three bedrooms, one with
   balcony, a kitchen, a bathroom with toilet and a separate toilet. On
   the 4th floor, a space of approximately 36 m² is connected to the
   living room by a staircase. A cellar and a parking included. Apartment
   redone (parquet and paint) Quiet and bright. Monthly rent all charges
   included: 7.200 € including 350 € charges. Security deposit: 6.850,00
   Euros Fees charged to tenants: Leases Alur Law: € 2,274.15 including €
   454.83 for the inventory Leases outside the Alur Law: 10% of the annual
   rent.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 185 m², 4 Rooms, Ixelles.
     * 19

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 185 m² Ixelles

   2,750 €

   3 bedrooms

   +32 476 80 10 91 : 100 meters away from the 'Place Brugmann', beautiful
   groundfloor apartment (+/- 150 sqm) in a nice building with character.
   It is composed as follows: ENTRANCE HALL, KITCHEN (super-equipped and
   opened), LIVING ROOM / DINING ROOM with access to the GARDEN of approx.
   120 m2 facing SOUTH WEST / 2 BEDROOMS (approx. 23 and 20 sqm) / 2
   BATHROOMS. Included in the rent: STUDIO (BEDROOM / SHOWER / LIVING
   ROOM) of approx. 31 sqm. Close to shops, transport, market, etc. To
   discover ASAP. PEB E+ Ref: '19RML004'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 173 m², 4 Rooms, Paris 6ème.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 173 m² Paris 6ème

   5,050 €

   2 bedrooms

   CLOSE TO THE ODEON THEATER, on the 1st floor of a beautiful and
   prestigious listed building from the XVIII century in the heart of
   Saint Germain des Prés, this splendid and fully restored apartment
   features hardwood parquet floors, moldings, and working fireplaces in
   every room. Benefitting from lots of storage, it is very bright,
   enjoying east/west exposure and 4m20 high ceilings.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 83 m², 4 Rooms, Mykonos Neochori- Mylous.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 83 m² Mykonos Neochori- Mylous

   20,000 €

   3 bedrooms

   Apartment for rent at Mykonos island, 83 m², euros 20.000 /month, 1st
   floor, furnished, 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, AC, WC, veranda, living room,
   kitchen, 100m away from the beach Ref: '3750586'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 184 m², 4 Rooms, Uccle.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 184 m² Uccle

   3,520 €

   3 bedrooms Terrace

   Uccle/Wood/At the border of Ixelles. Off the street, exquisite
   groundfloor with garden nestled in a exceptional green scenary. This
   apartment of +/- 184m2 consists of an entrance hall, guest toilet,
   laundry room, fully equipped kitchen, living room, 2 beautiful bedrooms
   with their bathroom or shower and a large office. Terrace and private
   garden (South). Luxurious residence with concierge, shared garden,
   playground, secure areas. Cellar, double glazing, alarm, security door.
   Possibility of parking: + 150 euros. COMPANY LEASE : OK. A must see.
   Viewings: 0471 75 88 89 Ref: '3756827'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Exclusivity Rental, Apartment, 141 m², 5 Rooms, Paris 17ème.
     * 29

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 5 Rooms • 141.15 m² Paris 17ème

   7,500 €

   3 bedrooms 2 Terraces

   In a quiet environment, with an open view and south-east-west exposure
   this furnished apartment141.15 m² (about 1517 ft²), built in 2006 has 5
   rooms including 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. It has a living
   room 46.5 m² (about 500 ft²), a Separate kitchen and a terrace. It's
   located on the 5th floor with a lift. Heating : Electric. Others :
   digicode.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 165 m², 5 Rooms, Saint-Germain-en-Laye.
     * 12

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 5 Rooms • 165 m² Saint-Germain-en-Laye

   4,550 €

   3 bedrooms

   Downtown Saint Germain, located in a former mansion, apartment of 170
   sqm ideally located near the shops, the castle and the RER A. The
   apartment located on the 1st floor of the building includes: entrance,
   release, a fitted kitchen, 3 bedrooms, a living room, a dining room, a
   bathroom, a shower room. A cellar and a garage complete this property.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 100 m², 3 Rooms, Brussels City.
     * 10

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 3 Rooms • 100 m² Brussels City

   2,650 €

   2 bedrooms Terrace

   On a tree-lined avenue, in the heart of Brussels, two bedroom penthouse
   with an area of ± 100 sqm in a new project of first occupation. Located
   on the ninth and last floor, it consists of an entrance hall serving a
   cloakroom/separate toilet, two bedrooms sharing a bathroom and showers,
   a bright living room, a dining room, kitchen 'Obumex' with fully
   equipped island.The apartment also has a pleasant terrace with an
   unobstructed view of the rooftops. Other: cellar, optional parking
   space, double glazed windows, laundry area, video intercom, low
   consumption, VMC, LED light fixtures, curtain rails and curtains
   installed. The Avenue Louise is considered as the 'Champs-Elysées' of
   Brussels. This area is known for its many shops, its night mark Ref:
   '3775349'

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 88 m², 4 Rooms, Paris 16ème.
     * 16

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 4 Rooms • 88 m² Paris 16ème

   3,600 €

   2 bedrooms

   Jasmin neighbourhood. This bright and peaceful 88 sqm apartment is on
   the fourth and top floor of a fine turn-of-the-century building located
   in a peaceful street. It includes a living room and dining room opening
   onto a balcony, a fitted and equipped kitchen, two bedrooms and a
   bathroom. With a 5th floor maid's bedroom. In a convenient location
   near Jasmin metro station and the shops. For a rental under the
   conditions of the Code Civil, fees of 12% of the tax-inclusive charges
   exclusive annual rental shall be applicable.

   [ ]

   Sorry, the maximum number of favourites allowed is
   Rental, Apartment, 160 m², 6 Rooms, Paris 4ème.
     * 13

   See the property
   Phone
   Mail
   Message sent on

Apartment 6 Rooms • 160 m² Paris 4ème

   5,900 €

   3 bedrooms

   With an open view this apartment160 m² (about 1720 ft²), built in 1800
   has 6 rooms including 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 1 toilet. It has a
   living room, a None and a cellar. Totally renovated, it's located on
   the 5th floor with a lift. Others : digicode.

   [X]
   [X] Luxury apartment
     * Luxury apartment for sale Paris
     * Luxury apartment for sale Bordeaux
     * Luxury apartment for sale Cannes
     * Luxury apartment for sale Nice

     * Luxury apartment for sale Montpellier
     * Luxury apartment for sale Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxury apartment for sale Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Luxury apartment for sale Marseille

     * Luxury apartment for sale Lyon
     * Luxury apartment for sale Toulouse
     * Luxury apartment for sale Uccle
     * Luxury apartment for sale Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxury houses and villas
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Paris
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Bordeaux
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Cannes
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Nice

     * Luxury house/villa for sale Montpellier
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Mougins
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Uzès

     * Luxury house/villa for sale Toulouse
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Deauville
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Uccle
     * Luxury house/villa for sale Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxury real estate
     * Luxury real estate Uccle
     * Luxury real estate Knokke-Heist
     * Luxury real estate Ixelles
     * Luxury real estate Knokke

     * Luxury real estate Antwerp
     * Luxury real estate St-Genesius-Rode
     * Luxury real estate Paris
     * Luxury real estate Bordeaux

     * Luxury real estate Cannes
     * Luxury real estate Nice
     * Luxury real estate Montpellier
     * Luxury real estate Aix-en-Provence

     * 0
     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Last Page
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 1595
     *

   This ad has been added to your favourites

    1. Home

     Spain

   [ ]
   LUXURY NEWS

   Exclusive venues, prestigious events stay informed of the luxury
   market.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   You email address is only used by Digital Classifieds France to send
   you Belles Demeures newsletters. You may unsubscribe at anytime using
   the link within the newsletter. Find out more about data management and
   your rights.

   [ ] Our applications

   A Belles Demeures application is available specifically for iPhone and
   iPad. Available in France only.
   Apple store
   Discover
     * [ ] France
          + Luxury real estate
          + All cities
          + All departments
          + All regions
          + All offers
     * [ ] Belgium
          + Luxury real estate
          + All the sections of communes
          + All the Communes
          + All the Arrondissements
          + All the Provinces
          + All offers

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] International site
               o International site
               o Belgian site
          + About us
          + Our offer
          + Contact us
          + GCU-Privacy Policy
          + Functions of our website

   [ ] Follow us

   [ ] Our offers
     * Real estate in France
     * New build
     * Real estate professionals
     * Price m² and estimation
     * Build your house
     * Offices and commercial premises
     * Holiday rentals
     * Webmarketing Real estate
     * Real estate in Belgium
     * Seasonal rental

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] My favourites
     * You have no favourite ads.
       Click on the
       symbol on an advert to add it to your list.

   [ ] English
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Buy
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       All properties for sale
     * ( ) Rent
       ( ) Exceptional properties
          + House
          + Apartment
          + Loft • Workshop • Area
          + Chateau
          + Private Mansion
       (*) Popular towns and cities
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       All properties to rent
     * Holidays
     * ( ) Regions
       ( ) In France
          + All properties in France
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Brittany
          + Burgundy
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Franche-Comté
          + Ile de France (Paris outskirts)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Loire Valley
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas-de-Calais
          + Normandy
          + Overseas collectivities
          + Overseas regions
          + Picardy
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhone-Alps
          + Western Loire
       ( ) In Belgium
          + Properties in Belgium
          + Brussels-Capital
          + West Flanders
          + Flemish Brabant
          + Antwerp
          + Walloon Brabant
          + East Flanders
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) In the world
          + All properties in the world
          + Portugal
          + Greece
          + Spain
          + Morocco
          + Switzerland
          + United States
          + Italy
          + Mauritius
          + Netherlands
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + United Arab Emirates
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Leaf through the magazine
     * ( ) The agencies
       (*) The best luxury specialists
          + Agencies speaking French
          + Agencies speaking English
          + Agencies speaking Spanish
          + Agencies speaking Dutch
          + Agencies speaking Italian
          + Agencies speaking German
          + Agencies speaking Russian
          + Agencies speaking Portuguese
       Find the right specialist

   Narrow your search
   ____________________
   Search

   Refine criteria

2191 Luxury estate agencies in France

   Sort
   [ ] Selection
     * Selection
     * Name (A-Z)
     * Name (Z-A)
     * City (A-Z)
     * City (Z-A)

     *
   5 PIECES ET PLUS
       3b rue Louise Michel
       92300 Levallois-Perret
       Agency website
       14 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AB KASHA IMMOBILIER À PARIS
       16 rue de l'Universite
       75007 Paris 7ème
       Agency website
       4 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
          +
          +
               o
               o
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   ACHETER VENDRE LOUER - MAISONS & APPARTEMENTS
       3 chemin Falourdeau
       78750 Mareil-Marly
       Agency website
       32 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
          +
          +
               o
               o
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AGENCE DE HAVILLAND
       18 RUE GOUNOD
       92210 Saint-Cloud
       Agency website
       26 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AGENCE DE VALCROS
       ROND POINT DE VALCROS
       83250 La Londe-les-Maures
       Agency website
       25 Exceptional properties
          +
          +
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AGENCE DES 4 CHEMINS
       233 ROUTE DE CANNES
       06130 Grasse
       Agency website
       2 Exceptional properties
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   Agence Des Oliviers
       53 RUE DE LA DIVISION LECLERC
       78460 Chevreuse
       Agency website
       1 Exceptional property
          +
       Discover
       our agency
     *
   AGENCE DU CHATEAU
       6 RUE DE MELUN
       77240 Seine-Port
       5 Exceptional properties
       Discover
       our agency

     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Last Page
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 274
     *

   [ ]
   LUXURY NEWS

   Exclusive venues, prestigious events stay informed of the luxury
   market.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   You email address is only used by Digital Classifieds France to send
   you Belles Demeures newsletters. You may unsubscribe at anytime using
   the link within the newsletter. Find out more about data management and
   your rights.

   [ ] Our applications

   A Belles Demeures application is available specifically for iPhone and
   iPad. Available in France only.
   Apple store
   Discover
     * [ ] France
          + Luxury real estate
          + All cities
          + All departments
          + All regions
          + All offers
     * [ ] Belgium
          + Luxury real estate
          + All the sections of communes
          + All the Communes
          + All the Arrondissements
          + All the Provinces
          + All offers

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] International site
               o International site
               o Belgian site
          + About us
          + Our offer
          + Contact us
          + GCU-Privacy Policy
          + Functions of our website

   [ ] Follow us

   [ ] Our offers
     * Real estate in France
     * New build
     * Real estate professionals
     * Price m² and estimation
     * Build your house
     * Offices and commercial premises
     * Holiday rentals
     * Webmarketing Real estate
     * Real estate in Belgium
     * Seasonal rental

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Mijn favorieten
     * U heeft geen enkele favoriete advertentie.
       Klik op het symbool
       in een advertentie om het aan uw lijst toe te voegen.

   [ ] Nederlands
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Kopen
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Al het vastgoed te koop
     * ( ) Huren
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
       Alle vastgoed te huur
     * Vakantie
     * ( ) Regio's
       ( ) IN FRANKRIJK
          + Eigendommen in Frankrijk
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Aquitaine
          + Atlantische Loirestreek
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Bourgondië
          + Bretagne
          + Centre Val de Loire
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Elzas
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute Normandië
          + Ile de France (Parijs)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lotharingen
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas de Calais
          + Overzeese collectiviteiten
          + Overzeese departmenten
          + Picardië
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) In België
          + Eigendommen in Belgisch
          + Brussel-Hoofdstad
          + West-Vlaanderen
          + Vlaams-Brabant
          + Antwerpen
          + Waals-Brabant
          + Oost-Vlaanderen
          + Limburg
          + Luik
          + Henegouwen
          + Namen
          + Luxemburg
       (*) WERELDWIJD
          + Eigendommen wereldwijd
          + Portugal
          + Griekenland
          + Spanje
          + Marokko
          + Zwitserland
          + US
          + Italië
          + Maurice
          + Nederland
          + Monaco
          + Luxemburg
          + VAE
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Doorblader het magazine
     * ( ) Kantoren
       (*) De beste specialisten in luxevastgoed
          + Frans sprekende kantoren
          + Engels sprekende kantoren
          + Spaans sprekende kantoren
          + Nederlands sprekende kantoren
          + Italiaans sprekende kantoren
          + Duits sprekende kantoren
          + Russisch sprekende kantoren
          + Portugees sprekende kantoren
       Vind de juiste specialist

   ALGEMENE GEBRUIKSVOORWAARDEN
   VAN DE WEBSITE EN DE APPLICATIE
   BELLES DEMEURES

   PRIVACYBELEID

   1. INLEIDING

   1.1 ONDERWERP VAN DE ALGEMENE GEBRUIKSVOORWAARDEN

   Onderhavige Algemene gebruiksvoorwaarden (hierna aangeduid als “de
   AGV”) hebben als doel de gebruiksvoorwaarden te bepalen van de Website
   die met name toegankelijk is via het adres www.bellesdemeures.com
   (hierna aangeduid als "de Website") alsmede van de bijbehorende
   applicatie (hierna aangeduid als "de Applicatie") die de vennootschap
   SELOGER (hierna aangeduid als "de Vennootschap") ter beschikking stelt
   aan de internetgebruikers (hierna aangeduid als "de Gebruikers").

   1.2 IDENTIFICATIE VAN DE UITGEVER

   De Website wordt uitgegeven door de vennootschap:
   SELOGER
   Vereenvoudigde Aandelenvennootschap met een kapitaal van € 1 501 800
   Maatschappelijke zetel: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18
   HR Parijs B 425 074 481
   Intracommunautair BTW-nummer: FR 54 425 074 481

   1.3 PUBLISHING DIRECTOR

   De publishing director van de Website is de heer Bertrand GSTALDER.

   1.4 DE VENNOOTSCHAP CONTACTEREN

   De Gebruiker heeft de mogelijk contact op te nemen met de Vennootschap:
   • door middel van een aangetekende brief gericht aan SELOGER (Belles
   Demeures – Services Clients) – 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris Cedex 18
   • per elektronische post: contact@bellesdemeures.com
   • per telefoon op nummer +33 (0) 1 56 77 56 77, dagelijks van 9.00u tot
   18.00u, m.u.v. de Franse feestdagen (beltarief zonder toeslag).
   • Per fax op nummer +33 (0)1 56 77 56 78

   1.5 HOST VAN DE WEBSITE

   Iliad Entreprises
   FREE SAS
   8, rue de la Ville l'Evêque – 75008 PARIS
   Bedrijfsnummer (SIRET) 42193886100034
   + 33 (0) 899 70 01 01
   Equinix France
   114 rue Ambroise Croizat
   93200 Saint Denis
   Frankrijk
   +33 (0)1 48 17 65 00

   2. BEGRIPSBEPALINGEN

   Ten behoeve van onderhavige AGV hebben de met een hoofdletter
   beginnende termen de volgende betekenis:

   " Applicatie " : duidt de door de Vennootschap geëxploiteerde
   interactieve elektronische dienst aan die toegankelijk is via iedere
   terminal die beschikt over een Internetverbinding, na deze gratis
   gedownload te hebben in de AppStore of door raadpleging via een
   webbrowser en waarmee men, in het voorkomende geval, na installatie
   toegang heeft tot de Diensten.

   " Gegevens " : duiden de persoonsgegevens aan zoals die bepaald zijn in
   artikel 4 van de Verordening (EU) 2016/679 van het Europees Parlement
   en de Raad van 27 april 2016 betreffende de bescherming van natuurlijke
   personen in verband met de verwerking van persoonsgegevens en
   betreffende het vrije verkeer van die gegevens (hierna aangeduid als "
   Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming ") die door de Gebruiker aan
   de Vennootschap verstrekt worden of die door de Vennootschap vergaard
   worden ter gelegenheid van het gebruik van de Website, de Applicatie
   en/of de Diensten.

   " Vastgoedpartners " : duiden de adverteerders aan die met de
   Vennootschap een contract hebben afgesloten voor de verspreiding van
   advertenties voor de verhuur en/of verkoop van onroerende goederen op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie. De verspreiding van adverteerders op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie is voorbehouden aan adverteerders die
   binnen een van de volgende categorieën passen:
   • professionele vastgoedmakelaars in het bezit van een transactie- of
   beheerkaart overeenkomstig de Franse Wet Hoguet nr. 70-9 van 2 januari
   1970,
   • notarissen,
   • advocaten die een nevenfunctie als gevolmachtigde bij
   vastgoedtransacties bekleden.
   Het afsluiten van een contract voor het verspreiden van advertenties op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie geldt uitsluitend voor de verspreiding
   van advertenties van uitzonderlijk vastgoed.

   " Website " : duidt de interactieve elektronische service aan die
   uitgegeven en geëxploiteerd wordt door de Vennootschap en met name
   toegankelijk is via het adres www.bellesdemeures.com, vanaf welke men
   toegang heeft tot zijn Diensten.

   " Server " duidt een computer aan die een applicatiedienst host en een
   grote schijfruimte heeft waarop bestanden opgeslagen worden.

   " Server van een Website " : duidt de hostingservers aan waarop de
   diensten geïnstalleerd zijn en verleend worden die door de Vennootschap
   ter beschikking van de Gebruiker gesteld worden.

   " Diensten " : duiden de door de Vennootschap op de Website en/of de
   Applicatie verleende diensten aan die beschreven staan in artikel 4 van
   onderhavige AGV, alsmede hun extensies in de vorm van een alert,
   nieuwsbrieven, agenda en functionaliteiten van de terminal van de
   Gebruiker, die nodig zijn voor het functioneren hiervan.

   " Gebruiker " : duidt iedere natuurlijke persoon aan die toegang krijgt
   tot de Website en/of de Applicatie in het kader van een strikt privé
   gebruik.

   3. TOEPASSINGSGEBIED, AANVAARDING EN WIJZIGING VAN DE AGV

   3.1

   Onderhavige AGV hebben als doel het bepalen van de voorwaarden
   waaronder de Gebruiker gebruik maakt van de door de Vennootschap
   verleende Diensten via zijn Website en/op zijn Applicatie.
   Het geheel van de door de Vennootschap verleende en aan de Gebruiker
   ter beschikking gestelde Diensten wordt in detail beschreven op de
   Website en/of op de Applicatie.

   3.2

   De inschrijving op, de toegang tot of het gebruik van de Diensten houdt
   in dat onderhavige AGV zonder enige beperking of enig voorbehoud door
   de Gebruiker geaccepteerd worden.

   3.3

   Aangezien onderhavige AGV gewijzigd kunnen worden, zijn de van
   toepassing zijnde voorwaarden degene die gelden en toegankelijk zijn op
   de Website en/of op de Applicatie van de Vennootschap op de datum van
   toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie door de Gebruiker.

   3.4

   Indien de Applicatie werd gedownload via de App Store van Apple of de
   Google Play Store, werd de Gebruiker bovendien voorafgaand verzocht de
   termen van de algemene voorwaarden van deze twee platforms te
   accepteren en verbindt hij zich laatstgenoemde voorwaarden te
   respecteren.

   4. TOEGANG TOT EN BESCHIKBAARHEID VAN DE DIENSTEN

   4.1. BESCHRIJVING VAN DE DIENSTEN

   De op de Website en/of de Applicatie van de Vennootschap verleende
   Diensten bestaan uit het vereenvoudigen van de handelingen van de
   Gebruiker tijdens het zoeken naar een koop en/of verkoop en/of de
   verhuur en/of huur van een onroerend goed door hem met name in staat te
   stellen gratis van de volgende Diensten gebruik te maken :
   (i) het zoeken naar, bekijken van te koop en/of te huur aangeboden
   onroerende goederen;
   (ii) de toegang tot de adresgegevens van de Vastgoedpartners die houder
   zijn van de te koop / te huur aangeboden onroerende goederen die
   verspreid worden op de Website en/of de Applicatie;
   (iii) het met elkaar in contact brengen van de Vastgoedpartners van de
   Vennootschap;
   (iv) een gratis abonnement op een informatiebrief;
   (v) een e-mail alert waarmee de Gebruiker per e-mail de meest recente
   advertenties ontvangt die overeenkomen met de onroerende goederen die
   hij zoekt.
   De Diensten zijn beschreven op de Website en/of de Applicatie. De
   Gebruiker wordt geïnformeerd dat deze Diensten doorlopend kunnen
   evolueren. De Gebruiker wordt geïnformeerd en erkent dat de activiteit
   van de Vennootschap zich beperkt tot het vereenvoudigen van het met
   elkaar in contact brengen van de Vastgoedpartners van de Vennootschap.
   Zij kan in geen geval aansprakelijk gesteld worden in het kader van de
   contacten, overeenkomsten en discussies die kunnen plaatsvinden tussen
   de Gebruikers en de Vastgoedpartners van de Vennootschap.

   4.2. TOEGANG TOT DE DIENSTEN

   De Diensten zijn vrij en uitsluitend online toegankelijk op de Website
   en/of op de Applicatie van de Vennootschap.

   4.3. BESCHIKBAARHEID VAN DE DIENSTEN

   De Vennootschap doet alles wat in haar macht is om haar Diensten 24/7
   beschikbaar te stellen, onafhankelijk van onderhoudswerkzaamheden aan
   deze Diensten en/of Servers en/of aan de Website en/of de Applicatie.
   Hiertoe heeft de Vennootschap een inspanningsverplichting.
   De Vennootschap behoudt zich de mogelijkheid voor om op ieder moment,
   tijdelijk of permanent alle Diensten of een gedeelte hiervan te
   wijzigen of te onderbreken zonder de Gebruikers hier vooraf over te
   informeren en zonder recht op schadeloosstelling.
   De Vennootschap doet alles wat in haar macht is om de continuïteit van
   de Diensten te verzekeren; rekening houdend met de complexiteit en de
   specifieke omstandigheden van de bijzondere activiteit van de host, kan
   de Vennootschap echter slechts gehouden worden aan een
   inspanningsverplichting op grond van onderhavige AGV.
   Dientengevolge kan de Vennootschap niet aansprakelijk gesteld worden
   voor moeite met, of onmogelijkheid van toegang, een trage verbinding of
   enig ander technisch probleem als gevolg van omstandigheden en/of
   technische tussenkomst van buiten de Vennootschap.

   5. GARANTIES – AANSPRAKELIJKHEID – OVERMACHT

   5.1 GARANTIE VAN DE GEBRUIKER

   Met de toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie van de Vennootschap
   verklaart, garandeert en verbindt de Gebruiker zich:
   • toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie en de Diensten te
   verschaffen en deze te goeder trouw en op een redelijke wijze te
   gebruiken die niet in strijd is met de termen van onderhavige AGV, voor
   een strikt persoonlijk gebruik en zonder winstoogmerk;
   • geen andere voorzieningen of software te gebruiken dan die door de
   Vennootschap verstrekt zijn, teneinde i) de goede werking van de
   Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten die deze bevat aan te
   tasten of trachten aan te tasten ii) of de Website en/of de Applicaties
   in zijn geheel of gedeeltelijk uit te lezen, te wijzigen, te
   raadplegen, zelfs in het buffer- of tijdelijke geheugen of voor een
   geïndividualiseerd gebruik;
   • zich geen toegang te verschaffen tot de Website en/of de Applicatie
   en/of de Diensten die door de Vennootschap op voornoemde Website en/of
   Applicatie verleend worden, of deze te gebruiken voor onrechtmatige
   doeleinden en/of met het doel schade te berokkenen aan de reputatie en
   het imago van de Vennootschap of meer in het algemeen inbreuk te maken
   op de rechten van de Vennootschap en/of van derden, met name die van
   intellectuele eigendom;
   • niet direct of indirect de Diensten en/of de toegang tot de Diensten
   en/of de toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie te verhandelen;
   • niet de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten die deze
   omvatten, in hun geheel of gedeeltelijk te hergebruiken, in het
   bijzonder voor commerciële en/of collectieve doeleinden en/of
   persoonlijke doeleinden in een niet door de Vennootschap toegelaten
   vorm en/of medium;
   • de door de Vennootschap verleende Diensten of de data waartoe hij
   toegang zou kunnen krijgen via voornoemde Diensten en/of de Website
   en/of de Applicatie niet te exploiteren voor direct of indirect
   commerciële doeleinden en/of persoonlijke doeleinden in een niet door
   de Vennootschap toegelaten vorm en/of medium;
   • niet de Website en/of de Applicatie in zijn geheel of gedeeltelijk te
   reproduceren of weer te geven voor privé doeleinden buiten de voorziene
   wettelijke uitzonderingen, in het bijzonder die van het Wetboek van
   intellectuele eigendom, of met het oog op een directe of indirecte
   verhandeling, met name aan derden;
   • de toegang tot en het gebruik van de Website en/of de Applicatie
   en/of de Diensten niet te beperken;
   • geen enkele vermelding of geen enkel element van de Diensten en/of de
   content van de Website en/of de Applicatie te wijzigen, zelfs niet in
   het buffergeheugen;
   • de bepalingen van artikel 323-1 tot 323-7 van het Wetboek van
   Strafrecht met betrekking tot “hacking” niet te overtreden;
   • niet de elektronische gegevens en/of postgegevens van de andere
   Gebruikers van de Website en/of de Applicatie te gebruiken en/of te
   exploiteren met het oog op een mass mailing met een verzoek en het zich
   schuldig maken aan "spamming".
   Indien niet aan een van deze verplichtingen, waarvan de opsomming niet
   uitputtend is, wordt voldaan, dan erkent en aanvaardt de Gebruiker dat
   de Vennootschap de mogelijkheid heeft hem eenzijdig en zonder
   voorafgaande kennisgeving de toegang te ontzeggen tot de Website en/of
   de Applicatie in zijn geheel of gedeeltelijk.

   5.2 GARANTIE VAN DE VENNOOTSCHAP

   De Vennootschap stelt via zijn Website en/of zijn Applicatie de toegang
   tot een bepaald aantal Diensten ter beschikking van de Gebruiker, met
   als doel hem te begeleiden in het kader van zijn vastgoedproject. De
   Gebruiker is zich er volledig van bewust dat de Vennootschap geen
   garantie kan leveren betreffende de gevolgen die gegeven worden:
   • aan de advertenties voor de verhuur en/of verkoop van onroerende
   goederen die hij op de Website en/of de Applicatie heeft willen
   raadplegen;
   • aan de antwoorden die hij ontvangen heeft op zijn verzoeken voor het
   in contact komen met de Vastgoedpartners die advertenties voor de
   verhuur en/of verkoop van onroerende goederen verspreid hebben;
   • en meer in het algemeen aan de bijzondere behoeften van de Gebruiker.
   De Vennootschap kan geen aansprakelijkheid aanvaarden betreffende de
   betrouwbaarheid en/of deugdelijkheid van de door de Vastgoedpartners op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie verspreide contents, aangezien deze
   volledig aansprakelijk zijn voor de door hen online geplaatste en
   verspreide contents.
   De Vennootschap doet alles wat in haar macht is om de Gebruikers in
   contact te brengen met de Vastgoedpartners die hun contents via de
   Website en/of de Applicatie verspreiden.
   De Vennootschap garandeert niet het afsluiten van een contractuele
   relatie tussen de Gebruiker en voornoemde Vastgoedpartners.
   De Gebruikers erkennen dat de Vennootschap in dit opzicht zich op geen
   enkel moment bemoeit met de uitwisselingen en transacties tussen de
   Gebruikers en de Vastgoedpartners en niet optreed als bemiddelaar
   tussen de Gebruikers en de Vastgoedpartners.
   Dientengevolge kan de Vennootschap in geen geval enige
   aansprakelijkheid uit onrechtmatige daad of contractuele
   aansprakelijkheid erkennen voor het afsluiten, niet-afsluiten,
   uitvoeren, oplossen of bemiddelen van enige contractuele relatie tussen
   de Gebruikers en de Vastgoedpartners of voor de gevolgen van welke aard
   dan ook, voortvloeiend uit een geschil tussen laatstgenoemden.

   5.3 AANSPRAKELIJKHEIDSBEPERKING

   De Gebruiker is als enige aansprakelijk voor het gebruik dat hij maakt
   van de Website en/of de Applicatie en de Diensten waartoe hij toegang
   neemt via de Website en/of de Applicatie.
   De Vennootschap kan in geen geval aansprakelijk gesteld worden in het
   kader van een procedure gestart tegen de Gebruiker die zich schuldig
   gemaakt zou hebben aan een niet-conform gebruik van de Website en/of de
   Applicatie en/of de Diensten die deze verleent.
   De Gebruiker erkent en aanvaardt in dit opzicht dat hij persoonlijk
   instaat voor iedere claim of procedure die tegen de Vennootschap wordt
   ingediend als gevolg van een niet-conform gebruik door hem van de
   Diensten en/of de Website en/of de Applicatie.
   De Website en/of de Applicatie kan hyperlinks bevatten die naar
   Websites van derden verwijzen.
   In dit opzicht, rekening houdend met het voorbijgaande karakter van de
   content die hier verspreid kan worden, kan de Vennootschap niet
   aansprakelijk gesteld worden indien de content van deze Websites van
   derden inbreuk zouden maken op de geldende wettelijke en/of
   reglementaire bepalingen.
   De Vennootschap zal in geen geval aansprakelijk zijn:
   • in geval van het niet beschikbaar zijn van de Diensten om redenen als
   een storing op het openbare elektriciteitsnet, een storing op het
   netwerk van telecommunicatiekabels, het verliezen van de verbinding met
   Internet te wijten aan de openbare of privé providers, met name van die
   van de Gebruiker, waarvan de oorzaken met name te wijten zijn aan
   stakingen, storm, aardbevingen of enige andere oorzaak die de kenmerken
   van overmacht heeft;
   • in geval van gebruik van de Diensten door een Gebruiker onder
   voorwaarden die niet conform de termen van onderhavige AGV zijn;
   • binnen de grenzen van de geldende wetgeving, voor iedere indirecte
   schade, met inbegrip van winstderving, verlies van data of enig ander
   verlies van immateriële goederen, en dit zelfs indien de Vennootschap
   geïnformeerd werd over de mogelijkheid van dergelijke schade die zou
   kunnen ontstaan (i) door het gebruik of de onmogelijkheid van het
   gebruik van de Diensten (ii) als gevolg van de toegang tot deze
   Diensten door een hiertoe onbevoegde Gebruiker. De Vennootschap kan
   niet aansprakelijk worden gesteld voor storingen van welke aard dan ook
   aan de hardware van de Gebruiker of aan zijn Internetverbinding,
   tijdens de toegang tot de Website en/of de Applicatie en meer in het
   algemeen tot de Diensten. Meer in het bijzonder kan de Vennootschap de
   Gebruiker van de Diensten geen garantie bieden betreffende:
   • problemen met de toegangssnelheid tot de Website en/of de Applicatie
   en/of de snelheid van de opslag in het buffergeheugen van de computer
   van de Gebruiker van de video’s die toegankelijk zijn via de Diensten
   die de Gebruiker zou kunnen tegenkomen.
   • de kwaliteit van de teksten, informatie, beschrijvingen, foto’s en
   videobanden toegevoegd aan de advertenties voor verhuur en/of verkoop
   van onroerende goederen die door de Gebruiker en/of de Vastgoedpartners
   gepubliceerd zijn en via deze Diensten toegankelijk zijn.
   ONRECHTMATIGE CONTENT :
   In zijn hoedanigheid van host in de zin van de bepalingen van artikel
   6-I-7 van de Franse wet nr. 2004-575 van 21 juni 2004 van de
   advertenties die verspreid worden onder de exclusieve aansprakelijkheid
   van de Vastgoedpartners, is de Vennootschap feitelijk niet in staat een
   algemeen toezicht te organiseren op de advertenties die zij host op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie en kan zij hier niet van bepalen of deze al
   dan niet onrechtmatig zijn. In het geval van Gebruiker ontdekt dat een
   - door een Vastgoedpartner online geplaatst op de Website en/of de
   Applicatie - advertentie of een gedeelte hiervan een klaarblijkelijk
   onrechtmatig karakter zou kunnen hebben, dan wordt de Gebruiker
   verzocht dit aan de Vennootschap te melden. Overeenkomstig de
   bepalingen van artikel 6-I-5 van de Franse wet nr. 2004-575 van 21 juni
   2004 kan de Gebruiker door de Vennootschap verzocht worden zijn verzoek
   nader te preciseren door schriftelijk de volgende gegevens te
   verstrekken:
   • namen, voornamen, geboortedatum en -plaats, postadres;
   • de datum waarop de omstreden advertentie gemeld is;
   • het/de nummer(s) van de omstreden advertentie(s);
   • het/de adres(sen) van de omstreden advertentie(s);
   • de redenen waarom de advertentie verwijderd moet worden, inclusief de
   vermelding van de wettelijke bepalingen en de feitelijke
   rechtvaardigingen;
   • een kopie van het schrijven aan de adverteerder waarin om
   verwijdering of wijziging van de advertentie verzocht wordt of de
   rechtvaardiging waarom de adverteerder niet gecontacteerd kon worden.
   Hiertoe verbindt de Gebruiker zich geen misbruik te maken van deze
   mogelijkheid en erkent en aanvaardt hij dat hij zich in het
   tegengestelde geval blootstelt aan strafrechtelijke vervolging door
   toepassing van de bepalingen van artikel 6.I.4 van de Franse wet
   2004-575 van 21 juni 2004, volgens welke: “Iedere persoon die aan de
   onder 2 (hosts) vermelde personen een content of een activiteit
   presenteert als zijnde onrechtmatig, met als doel hier de verwijdering
   van te verkrijgen of de verspreiding hiervan te stoppen, terwijl deze
   persoon weet dat dit niet waar is, riskeert een gevangenisstraf van een
   jaar en een boete van 15.000 EUR.”

   5.4 OVERMACHT

   De Vennootschap kan niet aansprakelijk gesteld worden indien en van
   zijn verplichtingen niet uitgevoerd kan worden of met vertraging wordt
   uitgevoerd als gevolg van een geval van overmacht zoals bepaald door
   artikel 1218 van het Burgerlijk Wetboek, zoals gewijzigd door het
   besluit nr. 2016-131 van 10 februari 2016 en geïnterpreteerd door de
   jurisprudentie van de Franse rechtbanken, en met name, zonder zich
   hiertoe te beperken, natuurrampen, brand, storingen aan of
   onderbrekingen van de telecommunicatienetwerken of
   elektriciteitsnetten.

   6. CLAIM – TECHNISCHE BIJSTAND

   Voor alle informatie van technische aard of met betrekking tot het
   functioneren van de Diensten die toegankelijk zijn via de Website en/of
   de Applicatie, wordt de Gebruiker verzocht zijn claim te richten tot de
   adresgegevens vermeld in artikel 1.4 van onderhavig document.

   7. INTELLECTUELE EIGENDOM

   7.1 AUTEURSRECHT OP DE WEBSITE EN/OF DE APPLICATIE VAN DE VENNOOTSCHAP

   De Vennootschap is de houder of de verlener van de rechten van
   intellectuele eigendom, zowel van de algemene structuur van de Website
   en/of de Applicatie, als van de content hiervan (teksten, slogans,
   grafieken, afbeeldingen, video’s, foto’s en andere contents).
   Derhalve, overeenkomstig de bepalingen van Boek I van het Wetboek van
   intellectuele eigendom, is iedere afbeelding, reproductie, wijziging,
   vervorming en/of exploitatie, zelfs gedeeltelijk, van de Website en/of
   de Applicatie en/of zijn content en/of de Diensten, volgens welk
   procedé dan ook en op welke drager dan ook, zonder uitdrukkelijke
   voorafgaande toestemming van de Vennootschap, verboden en staat dit
   gelijk aan vervalsing van de auteursrechten.
   Op dezelfde wijze is de Gebruiker strafrechtelijk en burgerlijk
   aansprakelijk voor iedere niet-toegestane exploitatie van de Website
   en/of de Applicatie en/of de content hiervan en/of de Diensten, op
   grond van de vervalsing van de auteursrechten.
   De Vennootschap is voornemens de Website en/of de Applicatie en de
   Diensten openbaar te maken, teneinde toegang hiertoe op het Internet
   mogelijk te maken en wel:
   i. vanaf een computer of een gelijkwaardige terminal met toegang tot
   een of meerdere telecommunicatienetwerken voor toegang tot het Internet
   en met een softwareprogramma waarmee gebrowsed kan worden (van het type
   Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, enz.);
   ii. een mobiele terminal met toegang tot een telecommunicatienetwerk
   voor toegang tot het Internet (wifi-aansluiting, 3/4G, Edge, enz.);
   Ieder ander gebruik van de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de
   Diensten wordt van rechtswege beschouwd als voorbehouden aan de
   Vennootschap en vormt een inbreuk op haar recht van openbaarmaking op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten.

   7.2 KENMERKEN

   De merken, logo’s, bedrijfsbenamingen, letterwoorden, handelsnamen,
   merknamen en/of domeinnamen van de Vennootschap en/of van zijn
   handelspartners die vermeld worden op de Website en/of op de
   Applicatie, waarmee toegang mogelijk is tot de door de Vennootschap ter
   beschikking gestelde Diensten, vormen de kenmerken die niet gebruikt
   mogen worden zonder uitdrukkelijke, voorafgaande toestemming van hun
   houder.
   Iedere afbeelding en/of reproductie, zelfs gedeeltelijk, van deze
   kenmerken is derhalve verboden en staat gelijk aan merkenvervalsing,
   volgens toepassing van de bepalingen van Boek 7 van het Wetboek van
   intellectuele eigendom, onrechtmatig gebruik van de bedrijfsnaam, de
   handelsnaam en de domeinnaam, vallend onder de burgerlijke
   aansprakelijkheid uit onrechtmatige daad van de dader.

   7.3 DATABASES

   De Gebruiker erkent onherroepelijk dat de Website en/of de Applicatie
   en zijn Diensten bestaan uit een of meerdere databases die ter
   beschikking gesteld zijn door de Vennootschap in haar hoedanigheid van
   producent van deze databases in de zin van de bepalingen van artikel
   L.341-1 en volgende van het Wetboek van intellectuele eigendom.
   Overeenkomstig de bepalingen van artikel L. 342-1 van hetzelfde
   Wetboek, zal de Gebruiker dan ook niet overgaan tot:
   • het uitlezen door middel van permanente of tijdelijke overdracht op
   een andere drager van een kwalitatief of kwantitatief substantieel deel
   van de content van een of meerdere databases die toegankelijk zijn op
   de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten, door welk middel en
   in welke vorm dan ook, ook als dit bedoeld is voor gebruik of
   raadpleging door niet door de Vennootschap toegelaten media en/of
   procedés;
   • het hergebruiken, dankzij het aan het publiek ter beschikking stellen
   van een kwalitatief of kwantitatief substantieel deel van de content,
   zelfs gedeeltelijk, van een of meerdere databases die toegankelijk zijn
   op de Website en/of de Applicatie en/of de Diensten, in welke vorm dan
   ook, ook via niet door de Vennootschap toegelaten hyperlinks, media
   en/of procedés;
   • het samenstellen, uitgeven, onderhouden, updaten, importeren,
   exporteren, al dan niet tegen vergoeding ter beschikking stellen aan
   derden, en het deelnemen aan voornoemde handelingen, van een
   concurrerende database, afkomstig, zelfs gedeeltelijk, uit een of
   meerdere databases van de Vennootschap;
   • het bekijken op een beeldscherm via een ander procedé of een ander
   medium dan die de Vennootschap op de Website en/of de Applicatie en de
   Diensten voornemens is openbaar te maken;
   • in het algemeen, het direct of indirect uitlezen, gebruiken, opslaan,
   reproduceren, afbeelden of bewaren, zelfs gedeeltelijk, ook in het
   buffer- of tijdelijke geheugen, van een kwalitatief of kwantitatief
   substantieel deel van de content van een of meerdere databases van de
   Vennootschap, met behulp van een van de hierboven vermelde procedés, is
   strikt verboden, ook via niet door de Vennootschap toegelaten media.

   7.4 CONTENT VAN DE DIENSTEN

   De Gebruiker erkent en aanvaardt dat de toegang tot de Website en/of de
   Applicatie en tot de Diensten die door de Vennootschap tot zijn
   beschikking zijn gesteld, in geen geval tot enige overdracht of
   verlening van de rechten van intellectuele eigendom (met name
   auteursrechten) en andere rechten ten gunste van de Gebruiker.
   De toegang tot de Diensten beperkt zich uitsluitend tot het privé en
   persoonlijk gebruik door de Gebruiker binnen de voorwaarden en grenzen
   zoals bepaald in onderhavige AGV en overeenkomstig de bepalingen van
   artikel L.122-5 2° van het Wetboek van intellectuele eigendom.
   De Gebruiker erkent en aanvaardt aldus dat het privé en persoonlijk
   gebruik dat hem verleend is door de Vennootschap uit hoofde van de
   toegang tot zijn Diensten, met name de toegang tot de Diensten met het
   oog op een collectief gebruik van de content hiervan, de reproductie,
   de afbeelding, de wederverkoop, de uitwisseling, de verhuur, de
   overdracht aan een derde, de wijziging, de aanpassing, de correctie, al
   dan niet tegen vergoeding, van de Website en/of de Applicatie, de
   Diensten en hun contents, zelfs gedeeltelijk, uitsluit.

   7.5 HYPERLINKS

   De Vennootschap kan geen aansprakelijkheid erkennen voor de op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie toegankelijke hyperlinks die toegang bieden
   tot de Diensten, richting andere Websites en/of applicaties en in het
   algemeen naar alle op Internet bestaande systeemelementen.
   De Gebruiker kan in geen geval hyperlinks richting de diepe pagina’s
   van de Websites en/of Applicaties plaatsen die toegang bieden tot de
   Diensten en dit, via welk technisch procedé dan ook, bedoeld om het
   identificatieveld van de Gebruiker te omzeilen of over te gaan tot het
   importeren van de content van de door de Vennootschap ter beschikking
   gestelde Diensten of een gedeelte hiervan. De “framing” techniek is
   verboden, tenzij de Vennootschap hiertoe uitdrukkelijk vooraf
   toestemming voor heeft gegeven.

   8. DIVERSE BEPALINGEN

   8.1 CORRESPONDENTIE – BEWIJS

   Tenzij anders vermeld in onderhavige AGV, vindt de correspondentie die
   gevoerd wordt tussen de Vennootschap en de Gebruiker uitsluitend plaats
   via elektronische post. De Gebruiker erkent en aanvaardt dat de door de
   Vennootschap per elektronische post en op de Website en/of applicatie
   verstrekte informatie bewijskracht hebben tussen hem en de
   Vennootschap. De elementen, zoals het moment van de ontvangst of de
   verzending, alsmede de kwaliteit van de ontvangen gegevens, hebben
   bewijskracht volgens de prioriteit zoals deze vermeld zijn op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie of zoals deze gewaarmerkt zijn door de
   informatiesystemen van de Vennootschap, tenzij de Gebruiker een
   schriftelijk bewijs van het tegendeel aandraagt. De reikwijdte van het
   bewijs van de door de Website en/of de Applicatie verstrekte informatie
   is dat wat toegewezen wordt aan een origineel in de zin van een op
   schriftelijk papieren document dat met de hand ondertekend is.

   8.2 VOLLEDIGHEID VAN DE AGV

   In deze AGV staan alle verplichtingen van de Vennootschap en de
   Gebruiker vermeld. Het feit dat één der partijen zich niet beroept op
   een verzuim van de andere partij betreffende één van zijn
   verplichtingen van onderhavige voorwaarden, houdt niet in dat deze
   partij in de toekomst geen afstand doet van het recht om uitvoering van
   deze verplichting te vereisen.

   8.3 GEDEELTELIJKE ONGELDIGHEID

   In het geval dat een of meerdere bepalingen van onderhavige AGV als
   ongeldig, niet geschreven of als zodanig verklaard worden volgens
   toepassing van een wet, een reglement of als gevolg van een beslissing
   van een bevoegde rechtsmacht met kracht van gewijsde in laatste aanleg,
   dan blijven de andere bepalingen hun volledige rechtskracht en
   reikwijdte behouden, tenzij de ongeldige bepaling(en) een substantieel
   karakter zou(den) vormen en het verdwijnen hiervan het contract in
   onbalans zou(den) brengen.

   8.4 TITELS

   In geval van problemen met de interpretatie tussen een van de titels
   bovenaan de clausules van onderhavige AGV en een van de clausules, dan
   wordt deze titel als niet bestaand verklaard.

   9. TOEPASSELIJK RECHT EN REGELING VAN GESCHILLEN

   Onderhavige AGV vallen onder het Franse recht. In geval van een geschil
   betreffende de toepassing, de interpretatie, de geldigheid en de
   uitvoering van onderhavige AGV en indien geen minnelijk akkoord bereikt
   kan worden tussen de partijen, dan zijn de Franse rechtbanken als enige
   bevoegd.

   10. PRIVACYBELEID - BESCHERMING VAN DE PERSOONSGEGEVENS

   10.1. PERSOONSGEGEVENS

   a) Verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking
   De verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking van de door de Vennootschap
   verwerkte Gegevens van de Gebruiker is
   SELOGER
   Vereenvoudigde Aandelenvennootschap met een kapitaal van € 1 501 800
   Maatschappelijke zetel: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18
   HR Parijs B 425 074 481
   Intracommunautair BTW-nummer: FR 54 425 074 481
   vertegenwoordigd door zijn Publishing Director

   b) Aard van de door de Vennootschap vergaarde persoonsgegevens van de
   Gebruiker
   Onder de Gegevens die de Vennootschap vergaart van de Gebruiker of via
   zijn terminal kunnen zich bevinden:
   • zijn naam en voornaam,
   • zijn postadres,
   • zijn elektronische postadres (e-mail),
   • zijn telefoonnummer,
   • zijn geboortejaar,
   • het IP-adres van zijn terminal of het SDK-nummer (Software
   Development Kit) van de door hem gebruikte Applicatie,
   • zijn unieke login en zijn wachtwoord,
   • informatie betreffende zijn browsen en zijn interacties met de
   Diensten, de Applicatie en/of de Website (historiek van de
   zoekopdrachten, formulieren, cookies, enz.),
   • zijn informatie betreffende zijn geolokalisatie, uitsluitend indien
   hij hiervoor gekozen heeft (via de Applicatie),
   • de informatie betreffende zijn profiel in een social media, indien
   dit openbaar is en uitsluitend indien de Gebruiker besluit zijn account
   te verbinden met een social media en zijn acties te delen onder de in
   het artikel INLOGGEN VIA SOCIAL MEDIA van onderhavige AGV aangegeven
   voorwaarden.

   De Vennootschap vergaart de door de Gebruikers verstrekte informatie
   met name: • tijdens het aanmaken van hun persoonlijke ruimtes,
   • tijdens het invoeren en verzenden van de contactformulieren,
   • tijdens het browsen op de Website en/of de Applicatie (raadplegen van
   advertenties, zoekopdrachten, enz.).

   c) Wettelijke grondslag van de verwerking
   In het kader van de aanvaarding de AGV en volgens toepassing van
   artikel 6.1 van het Algemeen Reglement voor Gegevensbescherming wordt
   de Gebruiker geïnformeerd dat de verschillende verwerkingen van zijn
   Gegevens zoals hieronder vermeld, nodig zijn voor (i) de uitvoering en
   verwezenlijking van de door de Vennootschap aangeboden Diensten en
   waarvan de verlening geregeld wordt door onderhavige AGV en die het
   door de Gebruiker afgesloten contract vormen dat er op gericht is hem
   te begeleiden in het kader van zijn vastgoedproject; (ii) en voor de
   wettelijke belangen die de Vennootschap nastreeft ter verbetering van
   zijn Diensten en het begrip van de verwachtingen van de Gebruikers, om
   zo met name de rechten en de Gegevens van de Gebruiker te beschermen.

   d) Doel van de verwerking
   De door de Vennootschap verwerkte Gegevens van de Gebruikers worden
   voor de volgende doeleinden gebruikt:
   • om hen in staat te stellen een account aan te maken,
   • om hen de Diensten te verlenen die beschikbaar zijn via de Website
   en/of de Applicatie,
   • om aan hun verzoeken te voldoen,
   • om algemene statistieken op te stellen betreffende het verkeer op
   zijn Website en/of Applicatie en de verschillende rubrieken die deze
   bevat,
   • om hen per elektronische post antwoorden, diverse informatie of door
   de Vennootschap of zijn Vastgoedpartners, klanten van de Vennootschap,
   op de Website en/of op de Applicatie gepubliceerde advertenties, te
   verzenden,
   • om hen per elektronische post nieuwsbrieven ("newsletters")
   betreffende de veranderingen op de Website en/of de Applicatie en de
   verschillende rubrieken van vermelde Website en/of Applicatie te
   verzenden,
   • om een beter beeld te krijgen van hun behoeften en hun het browsen te
   vergemakkelijken en/of om hen betreffende elementen te analyseren of te
   voorspellen, zoals hun persoonlijke voorkeuren, interesses,
   betrouwbaarheid en hun gedrag,
   • om enquêtes en tevredenheidsonderzoeken uit te voeren.
   De door de Vennootschap verwerkte Gegevens van de Gebruikers worden
   eveneens gebruikt voor marketingdoeleinden, teneinde te beantwoorden
   aan de verzoeken om inlichtingen en marktverkenning, geformuleerd door
   de Gebruikers aan derde partners, onder voorbehoud van de
   uitdrukkelijke instemming van de Gebruikers.

   e) Ontvangers van de persoonsgegevens van de Gebruiker
   De Gegevens kunnen, met inachtneming van de op de Vennootschap
   toepasselijke wetten, voor een of meerdere van de in Artikel 10.1 d)
   beschreven doeleinden worden doorgegeven aan de hieronder vermelde
   personen:
   • het bevoegde en hiertoe gemachtigde personeel van de vennootschappen
   van de groep SELOGER die de opdracht zouden kunnen krijgen de Gegevens
   te verwerken,
   • aan de Vastgoedpartners, klanten van de Vennootschap, die de
   Gebruikers uitdrukkelijk en specifiek wensten te contacteren voor de
   behandeling van hun verzoeken (informatie over een onroerend goed, een
   agentschap, taxatieverzoek…),
   • aan de IT-dienstverleners van de Vennootschap, die met name belast
   zijn met het verlenen van een service en advertenties die aansluiten
   bij de Gebruikers en de bezoekersaantallen van de Website en/of de
   Applicatie meten overeenkomstig de bepalingen van het artikel “Gebruik
   van de follow-up technologieën (Website en/of Applicatie)” van
   onderhavige voorwaarden,
   • aan de hiertoe door de Franse wet bevoegde administratieve en
   rechterlijke autoriteiten,
   • aan de handelspartners van de Vennootschap, wanneer de Gebruikers
   uitdrukkelijk aanvaard hebben promotionele aanbiedingen hunnerzijds te
   ontvangen.

   f) Bewaartermijn van de persoonsgegevens van de Gebruiker
   De Gegevens worden, met in achtneming van de op de Vennootschap
   toepasselijke wetten, gedurende 3 jaar bewaard vanaf zijn laatste
   contact met de Vennootschap (wijziging van zijn account, browsen op de
   Website en/of de Applicatie, invullen van een formulier op de Website
   en/of de Applicatie, enz.). Deze informatie kan eveneens bewaard worden
   gedurende een aanvullende termijn van 2 jaar, met een beperkte en
   uitzonderlijke toegang, om als bewijs te dienen, met inachtneming van
   de wettelijke en reglementaire verplichtingen van de Vennootschap. De
   boekhoudkundige documenten en stukken worden gedurende 10 jaar bewaard,
   als boekhoudkundig bewijs.

   10.2 RECHT VAN VERZET TEGEN TOEGANG, RECTIFICATIE EN VERWIJDERING VAN
   DE GEBRUIKER

   a) Rechten van de Gebruiker
   Overeenkomstig de op de Vennootschap toepasselijke wetten, heeft de
   Gebruiker de mogelijkheid om:
   • zich op ieder moment, voor redenen met betrekking tot zijn
   persoonlijke situatie, te verzetten tegen de verwerking van zijn
   Gegevens in het kader van de door de Vennootschap verleende Diensten,
   • zich op ieder moment te verzetten tegen de verwerking van de Gegevens
   voor marktverkenning,
   • zich te verzetten tegen het doorgeven van de Gegevens aan derden,
   inzage te krijgen in al zijn in het kader van de door de Vennootschap
   verleende Diensten verwerkte Gegevens,
   • zijn in het kader van de door de Vennootschap verleende Diensten te
   rectificeren, bij te werken en te verwijderen,
   • onder voorbehoud van het zich bij de Vennootschap te kunnen
   identificeren en, wanneer dit technisch gezien mogelijk is, de
   overdraagbaarheid van alleen de persoonsgegevens die hij aan de
   Vennootschap verstrekt heeft, te verzoeken In de aan de Vennootschap
   verstrekte gegevens bevinden zich met name niet de door de Vennootschap
   uitgevoerde analyses van deze gegevens,
   • de Vennootschap richtlijnen te verstrekken betreffende wat er met
   zijn Gegevens moet gebeuren indien hij komt te overlijden.
   Indien de Gebruiker gebruik maakt van zijn recht van verzet, zal de
   Vennootschap de verwerking van zijn Gegevens stopzetten, tenzij er
   gegronde en dringende redenen bestaan voor de verwerking, of om de
   constatering, de uitoefening of de verdediging van zijn rechten voor de
   rechtbank te verzekeren, overeenkomstig het Algemeen Reglement voor
   Gegevensbescherming. In het voorkomende geval zal de Vennootschap de
   Gebruiker informeren over de redenen waarom hij geen gebruik kan maken
   van (een deel van) zijn rechten.

   b) Modaliteiten voor de uitoefening van zijn rechten door de Gebruiker
   Om zijn rechten uit te oefenen, kan de Gebruiker volstaan met de
   verzending van een gewone brief aan de Vennootschap met de in artikel
   1.2 van de AGV vermelde contactgegevens, of contact opnemen met de
   Vennootschap via de rubriek “Contacteer ons”, met toevoeging van een
   identiteitsbewijs aan zijn verzoek (vermelding van zijn naam, voornaam,
   elektronische postadres) - overeenkomstig hoofdstuk III van het
   Algemeen Reglement voor Gegevensbescherming.

   10.3 VEILIGHEID EN ARCHIVERING VAN DE PERSOONSGEGEVENS VAN DE GEBRUIKER

   De Vennootschap vergaart en verwerkt de Gegevens met de grootste
   geheimhouding en veiligheid en met inachtneming van de op de
   Vennootschap toepasselijke wetten.
   De Vennootschap verbindt zich alle redelijke maatregelen te nemen die
   nodig zijn voor de beveiliging en de bescherming van de Gegevens van de
   Gebruikers van zijn Website en/of de Applicatie en zijn Diensten, die
   door hem vergaard en verwerkt zijn (met name firewall, fysieke
   controles op de toegang in de data centers, bevoegdheden, enz.).

   10.4 REGELING VAN GESCHILLEN BETREFFENDE DE VERWERKING VAN DE GEGEVENS

   In geval van een geschil tussen de Vennootschap en de Gebruiker
   betreffende de verwerking van de Gegevens, kan de Gebruiker zijn claim
   indienen bij de Vennootschap door deze te contacteren via de
   contactgegevens vermeld in Artikel 1.2 van de AGV. De Vennootschap zal
   zich inspannen om een voor de Gebruiker bevredigende oplossing te
   vinden, teneinde de inachtneming van de toepasselijke regelgeving te
   verzekeren.
   Bij afwezigheid van een antwoord van de Vennootschap of indien het
   geschil blijft bestaan, ondanks het voorstel van de Vennootschap, heeft
   de Gebruiker de mogelijkheid om, overeenkomstig de bepalingen van het
   Algemeen Reglement voor Gegevensbescherming, een claim in te dienen bij
   de Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés of de
   Nationale Gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit van de lidstaat van de
   Europese Unie waar de Gebruiker zijn gewone verblijfplaats heeft.

   11. NEWSLETTER EN ALERTS

   Teneinde de Gebruiker op de hoogte te houden van de actualiteit van de
   Vennootschap en van de voordelen waarvan hij gebruik zou kunnen maken,
   kan hij commerciële informatie van de Vennootschap ontvangen via
   elektronische berichten (e-mail, sms…). Indien de Gebruiker geen
   aanbiedingen en informatie van de Vennootschap wil ontvangen, kan hij
   zich op ieder moment verzetten tegen de verzending hiervan in zijn
   account rubriek "Abonnementen", door hier te klikken op de hyperlink
   voor het opzeggen van zijn abonnement, die te vinden is onderaan ieder
   ontvangen elektronisch bericht.
   De Gebruiker kan de verzending van de newsletters aanpassen en de
   abonnementen op de alerts die hij wil ontvangen kiezen tijdens het
   aanmaken van zijn account of door in zijn account naar de rubriek
   "Abonnementen” te gaan. De Gebruiker heeft dan de oplossing om uit de
   verschillende categorieën newsletters en alerts degene te selecteren
   die hem interesseren. De Gebruiker kan op ieder moment de verzending
   van de newsletters en de alerts stopzetten via zijn account.
   Zonder selectie en indien de Gebruiker zich tijdens het aanmaken van
   zijn account zich hier niet tegen verzet, is het mogelijk dat hij
   informatie ontvangt over de actualiteit van de Vennootschap, alsmede
   newsletters en alerts die betrekking hebben op producten en diensten
   die overeenkomen met degene die de Gebruiker reeds geraadpleegd heeft
   op de Website en/of de Applicatie.

   12. COOKIES

   De Vennootschap maakt gebruik van cookies op zijn Website en/of zijn
   Applicatie. Cookies zijn data met betrekking op het browsen op de
   computer van de Gebruiker van de Websites en/of de Applicatie van de
   Vennootschap en waarmee de geraadpleegde pagina’s en de datum en het
   tijdstip van het raadplegen vastgesteld kunnen worden. Het vergaren van
   deze informatie door de Vennootschap wordt gedetailleerd beschreven in
   de “INFORMATIE BETREFFENDE HET GEBRUIK VAN DE COOKIES”. Deze cookies
   stellen de Vennootschap op geen enkel moment in staat de Gebruiker
   persoonlijk te identificeren. Deze cookies worden niet langer dan
   dertien (13) maanden in de computer van de Gebruiker bewaard. De
   Gebruiker wordt geïnformeerd dat hij de mogelijkheid heeft zich tegen
   het opslaan van deze cookies te verzetten en met name door zijn
   webbrowser hiertoe te configureren, volgens de details in “INFORMATIE
   BETREFFENDE HET GEBRUIK VAN DE COOKIES”.

   13. GEBRUIK VAN DE FOLLOW-UP TECHNOLOGIEËN (WEBSITE EN/OF APPLICATIE)

   In het kader van het ter beschikking stellen van de Diensten ten gunste
   van de Gebruiker, maakt de Vennootschap gebruik van de in onderhavig
   artikel vermelde technologieën, waarvan de Gebruiker volledig op de
   hoogte is.
   Alle vergaarde gegevens met betrekking tot het gebruik van de Diensten,
   de Website en/of de Applicatie worden verwerkt door de Vennootschap en
   de in artikel 10.1 e) aangegeven ontvangers, gevestigd binnen en buiten
   de Europese Unie, met name met als doel het uitvoeren en verlenen van
   de Diensten, met inachtneming van de voorschriften van de Wet ter
   bescherming t.o.v. de geautomatiseerde verwerking van persoonsgegevens
   en het Algemeen Reglement voor Gegevensbescherming. Deze gegevens
   zullen verwerkt worden met oog op een follow-up op de Website en de
   Applicatie, overeenkomstig de hierna volgende bepalingen.
   De toegang tot of het gebruik van (een deel) van de Diensten houdt in
   dat deze verschillende technologieën zonder beperkingen en zonder
   voorbehoud door de Gebruiker aanvaard worden.

   a) Gebruik van de follow-up technologieën op de Website en de
   Applicatie
   De Vennootschap maakt gebruik van:
   • de tool OMNITURE ADOBE ANALYTICS (Adobe Systems Incorporated - 345
   Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704 USA), die de Vennootschap
   helpt te begrijpen hoe de Website en de Applicatie gebruikt worden via
   de cookies, en zo hun contents en marketingcampagnes te verbeteren.
   Voor meer informatie over de bezwaarprocedures tegen deze cookies kunt
   u hier klikken: https://www.adobe.com/fr/privacy/opt-out.html.
   • de tool MEDIAMETRIE (70 rue Rivay - 92532 LEVALLOIS CEDEX -
   Frankrijk) om het aantal bezoekers van zijn Website en Applicatie te
   meten. Voor meer informatie over de bezwaarprocedures tegen deze
   cookies kunt u hier klikken:
   http://www.mediametrie.fr/pages/cookies.php?page=194
   • de tool DOUBLECLICK FOR PUBLISHERS en GOOGLE TAG MANAGER van GOOGLE
   (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) voor het
   advertentiebeheer en analyseren van het gedrag van de Gebruikers op de
   Website en de Applicatie. Voor meer informatie over de
   bezwaarprocedures tegen deze cookies kunt u hier klikken:
   https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/2839090?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr
   https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr

   b) Gebruik van de follow-up technologieën op de Applicatie
   De Vennootschap maakt gebruik van: :
   • het analyseprogramma CRASHLYTICS (1 Kendall Square, Cambridge, MA
   02139, USA). Crashlytics vergaart de gegevens betreffende het gebruik
   van de Applicatie, met name voor wat betreft de storingen en bugs van
   het systeem. De informatie op het gebruikte apparaat of de versie van
   de geïnstalleerde Applicatie, alsmede andere informatie zullen gebruikt
   worden om te helpen bugs te corrigeren, voornamelijk betreffende de
   software en de hardware van de Gebruiker. De Gebruiker kan
   uitgebreidere informatie over dit onderwerp vinden in het privacybeleid
   van Crashlytics: https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf,
   • het programma ACCENGAGE (31, rue du 4 Septembre - 75002 Paris –
   Frankrijk) voor het beheer en de analyse van de routingcampagnes van de
   notificaties en de verspreiding van in-app reclamebanners. De gebruiker
   kan uitgebreidere informatie over dit onderwerp vinden in het
   privacybeleid van ACCENGAGE: https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/,
   • het programma FIREBASE (I22 4th St. Suite 1000 (10th Floor), San
   Francisco, CA 94103, USA) voor de follow-up en de analyse van het
   gebruik van de Applicatie. De Gebruiker kan uitgebreidere informatie
   over dit onderwerp vinden in het privacybeleid van FIREBASE:
   https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html,
   • het programma XAMARIN (1355 Market St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA
   94103 - USA) voor het creëren van applicaties met behulp van de taal
   C#. De Gebruiker kan uitgebreidere informatie over dit onderwerp vinden
   in het privacybeleid van XAMARIN:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement,
   • het programma HOCKEY APP (Microsoft Corporation - One Microsoft Way -
   Redmond, Washington 98052-6399 USA) voor het verbeteren van zijn
   diensten en het detecteren van bugs op zijn Applicatie. De Gebruiker
   kan uitgebreidere informatie over dit onderwerp vinden in het
   privacybeleid van HOCKEY APP:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
   • het programma TUNE (Tune, Inc.2200 Western Avenue, Suite 200 Seattle,
   WA 98121 USA) om de prestatieresultaten van de Applicatie te begrijpen
   en te analyseren. De Gebruiker kan uitgebreidere informatie over dit
   onderwerp vinden in het privacybeleid van TUNE :
   https://www.tune.com/resources/data-and-privacy/privacy-policies,

   14. INLOGGEN VIA DE SOCIAL MEDIA (Facebook Connect en Google +)

   Met de functies Facebook Connect en Connexion via Google + kunnen de
   Gebruikers inloggen op de Applicatie via hun Facebook of Google +
   account.
   Wanneer de Gebruikers inloggen op onze Website en/of Applicatie via hun
   Facebook of Google + account, heeft de Vennootschap toegang tot
   bepaalde informatie die zij hebben ingevoerd op Facebook of Google +,
   teneinde hen een persoonlijke en sociale ervaring te bieden.
   Er zal hen om toestemming voor toegang tot hun profielgegevens
   (profiel, contacten, contactgegevens...) gevraagd worden, alsmede het
   delen van hun activiteiten met Facebook of Google +.
   De toegang van de Vennootschap tot de gegevens van Facebook of Google +
   en het gebruik hiervan zij beperkt, de Vennootschap gebruikt met name
   uitsluitend de gegevens die strikt noodzakelijk zijn voor het
   exploiteren van de Applicatie.
   De Gebruiker wordt via de Applicatie geïnformeerd over de gebruikte
   gegevens en de wijze waarop deze gebruikt, weergegeven, gedeeld of
   doorgegeven worden.
   Indien de Gebruiker inlogt op de Website en/of de Applicatie met behulp
   van zijn Facebook of Google + logins en zijn vrienden eveneens met hun
   account inloggen op de Website en/of de Applicatie, dan zullen zij te
   weten komen dat de Gebruiker over een account beschikt bij de
   Vennootschap, tenzij deze er voor gekozen heeft niet zichtbaar te zijn
   voor zijn vrienden op andere sites. De Gebruiker kan besluiten tot welk
   type informatie zijn vrienden toegang kunnen krijgen door het instellen
   van de parameters van zijn account in de paragraaf Applicaties van de
   site Facebook.

   INFORMATIE BETREFFENDE HET GEBRUIK VAN DE COOKIES

   Tijdens het raadplegen van onze site kan er informatie opgeslagen
   worden in de in uw computer, tablet of mobiele telefoon opgeslagen
   “cookie” bestanden.
   Op deze pagina wordt uitgelegd wat een cookie is, waar deze toe dient
   en hoe de parameters hiervan kunnen worden ingesteld.

   1. WAT IS EEN COOKIE?

   Een cookie is een tekstbestand dat, onder voorbehoud van uw keuzes, via
   uw browser software opgeslagen kan worden in een speciale ruimte op de
   harde schijf van uw terminal tijdens het raadplegen van een online
   service.
   Dankzij een cookiebestand kan de verspreider hiervan de terminal
   identificeren waarin dit opgeslagen is tijdens de geldigheidsperiode
   van de cookie.

   2. WAAR DIENEN DE OP ONZE SITE GEBRUIKTE COOKIES VOOR?

   Met de op onze site gebruikte cookies kunnen de diensten en rubrieken
   geïdentificeerd worden die de gebruiker bezocht heeft en meer in het
   algemeen zijn bezoekgedrag.
   Deze informatie is nuttig om de diensten, aanbiedingen en banners die
   op onze site verschijnen beter aan te passen en deze vergemakkelijkt
   het browsen op onze site.
   Cookies zijn eveneens nodig voor de goede werking van bepaalde diensten
   of om het bezoek hieraan te meten.
   Er kunnen eveneens cookies aanwezig zijn in de advertentieruimtes van
   onze site. Bepaalde, niet-identificerende informatie kan aan derden
   verzonden worden om hen in staat te stellen hun contents aan te passen.

   2.1. De cookies die wij op onze website gebruiken:

   Wanneer u inlogt op onze site, kunnen wij, al naargelang uw keuzes,
   genoodzaakt zijn diverse cookies in uw terminal te installeren, waarmee
   tijdens de geldigheidsperiode van de betreffende cookie de browser van
   uw terminal herkend kan worden.
   De cookies die wij gebruiken, worden gebruikt voor de hieronder
   beschreven doeleinden, onder voorbehoud van uw keuzes die resulteren
   uit de parameters van uw browsersoftware die tijdens het bezoek aan
   onze site gebruikt wordt.
   De cookies stellen ons in staat om:
   1. U het browsen op onze site te vergemakkelijken :
   • door de presentatie van onze site aan te passen aan de
   weergavevoorkeuren van uw terminal (gebruikte taal, weergaveresolutie,
   gebruikte besturingssysteem, enz.) tijdens uw bezoeken aan onze site,
   al naargelang de op uw terminal aanwezige hardware en software voor
   weergave en lezen,
   • door de informatie betreffende een formulier dat u op onze site heeft
   ingevuld, in het geheugen op te slaan (inschrijving op of toegang tot
   uw account), of betreffende producten, diensten of informatie die u op
   onze site gekozen heeft (gekozen dienst, geraadpleegde content, enz.).
   • door toegang mogelijk te maken tot gereserveerde en persoonlijke
   ruimtes op onze site, zoals uw account, door middel van logins of
   gegevens die u ons eventueel eerder al toevertrouwde en
   • door veiligheidsmaatregelen uit te voeren.
   2. Onze diensten te verbeteren:
   Met deze cookies kunnen statistieken en bezoek- en gebruiksvolumes
   opgesteld worden van de verschillende elementen die deel uitmaken van
   onze site (bezochte rubrieken en contents, parcours,...), om zo het
   belang en de ergonomie van onze diensten te verbeteren.
   3. De op onze site aangeboden reclame aan te passen:
   • door het totale aantal door ons in onze advertentieruimtes
   weergegeven advertenties te tellen, deze advertenties en het aantal
   gebruikers dat op iedere advertentie geklikt heeft, te identificeren en
   statistieken op te stellen,
   • door onze advertentieruimte aan te passen aan de weergavevoorkeuren
   van uw terminal (gebruikte taal, weergaveresolutie, gebruikte
   besturingssysteem, enz.), al naargelang de op uw terminal aanwezige
   hardware en software voor weergave en lezen,
   • door de op uw terminal weergegeven reclamecontents aan te passen aan
   het browsen van uw terminal op onze site,
   • door in het voorkomende geval de op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan de door uw terminal, met uw
   voorafgaande toestemming, doorgegeven localisatiegegevens en.
   • door de op uw terminal weergegeven reclamecontents aan te passen aan
   de persoonsgegevens die u ons verstrekt heeft.

   2.2. De op onze website door derden verspreide cookies:

   Het verspreiden en gebruiken van cookies door derden onder hun
   verantwoordelijkheid valt onder het beleid gericht op de bescherming
   van de privacy van deze derden. Wij informeren u over het voorwerp van
   de cookies waarvan wij kennis hebben en over de middelen waarover u
   beschikt bij deze derden om uw keuze te maken betreffende deze cookies.
   U kunt de rechten waarover u beschikt uitoefenen uit hoofde van de
   toepasselijke regelgeving of rechtstreeks een claim indienen bij de
   betreffende derde.
   a) Wegens in onze site geïntegreerde applicaties van derden
   Wij kunnen op onze Website/Applicatie invoegtoepassingen (“plug-ins”)
   van derden invoegen, die u in staat stellen contents van onze site te
   delen met andere personen of andere personen op de hoogte te stellen
   van uw raadpleging of uw opinie betreffende een content van onze
   Website/Applicatie. Dit is met name het geval voor de knoppen "Delen”
   en "Vind ik leuk” op de sociale media, zoals “Facebook”, “Twitter”,
   “LinkedIn”, enz.
   De sociale media die een dergelijke applicatieknop bieden, zouden u
   dankzij deze knop kunnen identificeren, zelfs als u deze knop niet
   gebruikt heeft tijdens het raadplegen van onze Website/Applicatie. Dit
   type applicatieknop kan namelijk de betreffende sociale media in staat
   stellen uw browser te volgen op onze website, alleen door het feit dat
   uw account op de betreffende sociale media geactiveerd was op uw
   terminal (open sessie) toen u op onze site browste.
   Indien u niet wilt dat de social media uw acties voortkomend uit de
   plug-ins in uw accounts op de social media publiceren, dan moet u
   uitloggen uit uw social media alvorens op onze Website/Applicatie te
   browsen.
   b) Via in onze advertentieruimtes verspreide contents van derden
   De op onze site verspreide reclamecontents kunnen cookies bevatten die
   verspreid zijn door derden: ofwel de adverteerder van wie de
   betreffende reclamecontent is, ofwel een andere vennootschap dan de
   adverteerder (Pr-bureau, kantoor dat bezoekersaantallen meet,
   dienstverlener voor gerichte reclame, enz.), die een reclamecontent van
   een adverteerder aan een cookie verbonden heeft.
   In het voorkomende geval kunnen de door deze derde verspreide cookies
   hen gedurende de geldigheidstermijn van deze cookies in staat stellen:
   • het aantal weergaven van de via onze advertentieruimtes verspreide
   reclamecontents tellen, de aldus weergegeven advertenties
   identificeren, plus het aantal gebruikers dat op iedere advertentie
   geklikt heeft, om zo de aldus verschuldigde bedragen te berekenen en
   statistieken op te stellen,
   • uw terminal te herkennen tijdens een latere browssessie of op enige
   andere site of service waarop deze adverteerders of deze derden
   eveneens cookies verspreiden en, in het voorkomende geval, deze sites
   en diensten van derden of de advertenties die zij verspreiden, aan te
   passen aan het browsen van uw terminal.
   c) Door onze reclameafdeling die onze advertentieruimte exploiteert
   De advertentieruimtes van onze site kunnen geëxploiteerd worden door
   onze interne reclameafdeling en, in het voorkomende geval, door deze
   afdeling verspreide cookies bevatten.
   In het voorkomende geval stellen de verspreide cookies ons gedurende de
   geldigheidstermijn van deze cookies in staat:
   • - Het totale aantal in onze advertentieruimtes weergegeven
   advertenties te tellen, deze advertenties identificeren, plus hun
   respectievelijk weergegeven aantal, het aantal gebruikers dat op iedere
   advertentie geklikt heeft en, in het voorkomende geval, de later door
   deze gebruikers uitgevoerde handelingen op de pagina’s waar deze
   advertenties naar leiden, teneinde de bedragen te berekenen die
   verschuldigd zijn aan de deelnemers aan de keten van de verspreiding
   van de reclame (adverteerder, Pr-bureau, reclameafdeling, site/drager
   van de verspreiding) en statistieken op te stellen,
   • de advertentieruimte aan te passen aan de weergavevoorkeuren van uw
   terminal (gebruikte taal, weergaveresolutie, gebruikte
   besturingssysteem, enz.), al naargelang de op uw terminal aanwezige
   hardware en software voor weergave en lezen,
   • de via onze advertentieruimte op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan het browsen van uw terminal op onze
   site,
   • de via onze advertentieruimte op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan de hand van vorige of latere
   browssessies van uw terminal op sites van derden waarop de
   reclameafdeling eveneens cookies verspreidt, onder voorbehoud dat deze
   cookies in uw terminal opgeslagen zijn overeenkomstig de keuzes die u
   hiertoe kenbaar gemaakt heeft,
   • de via onze advertentieruimte op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan de localisatiegegevens (lengte- en
   breedtegraad) die met uw voorafgaande toestemming werden doorgegeven
   door uw terminal en
   • de in onze advertentieruimte op uw terminal weergegeven
   reclamecontents aan te passen aan de hand van de persoonlijke cookies
   die u zou hebben kunnen verstrekken.

   3. GELDIGHEIDSDUUR VAN DE COOKIES

   De door ons gebruikte cookies zijn zodanig geconfigureerd dat zij een
   geldigheidsduur hebben van 13 (dertien) maanden.

   4. UW KEUZES BETREFFENDE DE COOKIES

   U heeft meerdere mogelijkheden bij het omgaan met cookies. Het wijzigen
   van de instellingen kan leiden tot een wijziging van het browsen op
   Internet en onze site en van uw toegangsvoorwaarden tot bepaalde
   diensten, waarvoor het gebruik van cookies noodzakelijk is.
   Als u het opslaan van cookies in uw terminal niet toestaat of als u de
   hier opgeslagen cookies verwijdert, kunt u niet meer gebruik maken van
   een aantal functionaliteiten, die echter wel nodig zijn om naar
   bepaalde plaatsen op onze site te kunnen browsen.
   Dit zou het geval zijn als u zou trachten toegang te krijgen tot onze
   contents of diensten waarvoor u zich dient te identificeren.
   Dit zou tevens het geval zijn wanneer wij of onze dienstverleners voor
   technisch-boekhoudkundige doeleinden niet in staat zouden zijn het door
   uw terminal gebruikte type browser, de taal- en weergave-instellingen
   hiervan of het land waarin uw terminal op het Internet aangesloten
   lijkt te zijn, te herkennen.
   In het voorkomende geval kunnen wij geen aansprakelijkheid aanvaarden
   voor de gevolgen verband houdend met uitwijkprocedures betreffende onze
   diensten als gevolg van de onmogelijkheid voor ons om de voor het
   functioneren van deze diensten benodigde cookies op te slaan of te
   raadplegen en die u geweigerd of verwijderd zou hebben.
   U kunt er op ieder moment voor kiezen uw wensen op het gebied van
   cookies kenbaar te maken en te wijzigen, d.m.v. de hieronder beschreven
   middelen.

   4.1. Een cookie weigeren met behulp van uw browsersoftware :

   U kunt uw browsersoftware zodanig configureren, dat er cookies in uw
   terminal worden opgeslagen of juist geweigerd worden, systematisch of
   naargelang de verspreider hiervan. U kunt ook uw browsersoftware
   zodanig configureren dat het accepteren of weigeren van cookies niet
   systematisch is, voordat een cookie in uw terminal opgeslagen zou
   kunnen worden.
   Voor het beheren van de cookies en uw keuzes is de configuratie van
   iedere browser anders. Deze wordt beschreven in het hulpmenu van uw
   browser, dat u uitlegt op welke wijze u uw wensen op het gebied van
   cookies kunt wijzigen.
   Voor meer informatie :
   http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/les-cookies/conseils-aux-inter
   nautes/
   Bijvoorbeeld:
   Voor Internet Explorer:
   http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
   Voor Firefox:
   https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies?redirectlo
   cale=fr&redirectslug=Activer+et+d%C3%A9sactiver+les+cookies
   Voor Safari: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/fr-ww/cookies/
   Voor Google Chrome:
   https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=fr&hlrm=en
   Voor Opera™: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
   Enz... De "Flash"© cookies van "Adobe Flash Player"™
   "Adobe Flash Player"™ is een computerapplicatie waarmee men snel
   dynamische contents kan ontwikkelen die gebruik maken van de
   computertaal "Flash". Flash (en de applicaties van hetzelfde type)
   slaat de parameters, de voorkeuren en het gebruik van deze contents op
   dankzij een technologie die doet denken aan cookies. "Adobe Flash
   Player"™ beheert deze informatie en uw keuzes echter via een andere
   interface dan die door uw browsersoftware verstrekt wordt.
   Voor zover uw terminal geschikt is om met de Flash taal ontwikkelde
   contents te bekijken, nodigen wij u uit rechtstreeks toegang te nemen
   tot uw tools voor het beheer van de Flash cookies via
   http://www.adobe.com/fr/support/flashplayer/ts/documents/52697ee8.htm

   4.2. Een reclame cookie weigeren

   U kunt het gebruik en het exploiteren van deze cookies beheren op het
   platform voor het beheer van de reclame cookies van professionals op
   reclamegebied:
   http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/controler-ses-cookies/ en hier de
   verstrekte instructies volgen. U kunt zo weten welke bedrijven
   ingeschreven zijn op dit platform, u de mogelijkheid bieden de cookies
   te weigeren of te aanvaarden die zij gebruiken om de eventueel weer te
   geven advertenties aan uw browsergegevens aan te passen.

   4.3. Een cookie van een social media weigeren:

   Indien u niet wilt dat onze site door een social media afgegeven
   cookies opslaat, kunt u op de volgende links voor deactivering klikken,
   die in uw browser een cookie zullen opslaan die als enig doel heeft
   deze te deactiveren. Door deze cookies te deactiveren is er derhalve
   geen enkele interactie mogelijk met de betreffende social media:
   • FACEBOOK : https://www.facebook.com/help/360595310676682/
   • TWITTER :
   https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171379-twitter-prend-en-charge-l
   a-desactivation-du-suivi-dnt#
   • GOOGLE + : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   • LINKEDIN : http://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
   • YAHOO : https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/cookies/
   • YOUTUBE : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   Meer weten over de cookies
   https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-les-outils-pour-les-maitriser

     * HOME
     * ALGEMENE GEBRUIKSVOORWAARDEN

   ;

   [X]
   [X] Luxeappartement
     * Luxeappartement te koop Parijs
     * Luxeappartement te koop Bordeaux
     * Luxeappartement te koop Cannes
     * Luxeappartement te koop Nice

     * Luxeappartement te koop Montpellier
     * Luxeappartement te koop Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxeappartement te koop Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Luxeappartement te koop Marseille

     * Luxeappartement te koop Lyon
     * Luxeappartement te koop Toulouse
     * Luxeappartement te koop Ukkel
     * Luxeappartement te koop Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxewoningen en villa's
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Parijs
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Bordeaux
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Cannes
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Nice

     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Montpellier
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Mougins
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Uzès

     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Toulouse
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Deauville
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Ukkel
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxueus vastgoed
     * Luxueus vastgoed Ukkel
     * Luxueus vastgoed Knokke-Heist
     * Luxueus vastgoed Elsene
     * Luxueus vastgoed Knokke

     * Luxueus vastgoed Antwerpen
     * Luxueus vastgoed St-Genesius-Rode
     * Luxueus vastgoed Parijs
     * Luxueus vastgoed Bordeaux

     * Luxueus vastgoed Cannes
     * Luxueus vastgoed Nice
     * Luxueus vastgoed Montpellier
     * Luxueus vastgoed Aix-en-Provence

   [ ]
   Het laatste luxenieuws

   Exclusieve locaties, prestigieuze evenementen, … Blijf op de hoogte van
   de luxemarkt.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Uw e-mailadres wordt alleen gebruikt om u de nieuwsbrieven van Belles
   Demeures te sturen. U kunt u hiervoor op elk moment uitschrijven via de
   link in de nieuwsbrief. Meer weten over de verwerking van uw gegevens
   en uw rechten.

   [ ] Onze apps

   Ontdek de Belles Demeures-app voor iPhone & iPad. Uitsluitend
   beschikbaar in Frankrijk.
   Apple store
   Ontdekken
     * [ ] Frankrijk
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle steden
          + Alle departementen
          + Alle regio's
          + Alle aanbiedingen
     * [ ] België
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle (deel)gemeenten
          + Alle gemeenten
          + Alle arrondissementen
          + Alle provincies
          + Alle aanbiedingen

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Internationale website
               o Internationale website
               o Belgische website
          + Wie zijn we?
          + Ons aanbod
          + Contacteer ons
          + Privacybeleid raadplegen
          + Werking van onze website

   [ ] Volg ons op

   [ ] Ons aanbod
     * Onroerend goed in Frankrijk
     * Nieuwbouw
     * Vastgoedprofessionals
     * m² prijs en vastgoedschatting
     * Woning bouwen
     * Kantoren en handelszaken
     * Verhuur vakantiewoningen
     * Webmarketing vastgoed
     * Onroerend goed in België
     * Seizoensverhuur

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Mijn favorieten
     * U heeft geen enkele favoriete advertentie.
       Klik op het symbool
       in een advertentie om het aan uw lijst toe te voegen.

   [ ] Nederlands
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Kopen
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Al het vastgoed te koop
     * ( ) Huren
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
       Alle vastgoed te huur
     * Vakantie
     * ( ) Regio's
       ( ) IN FRANKRIJK
          + Eigendommen in Frankrijk
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Aquitaine
          + Atlantische Loirestreek
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Bourgondië
          + Bretagne
          + Centre Val de Loire
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Elzas
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute Normandië
          + Ile de France (Parijs)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lotharingen
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas de Calais
          + Overzeese collectiviteiten
          + Overzeese departmenten
          + Picardië
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) In België
          + Eigendommen in Belgisch
          + Brussel-Hoofdstad
          + West-Vlaanderen
          + Vlaams-Brabant
          + Antwerpen
          + Waals-Brabant
          + Oost-Vlaanderen
          + Limburg
          + Luik
          + Henegouwen
          + Namen
          + Luxemburg
       (*) WERELDWIJD
          + Eigendommen wereldwijd
          + Portugal
          + Griekenland
          + Spanje
          + Marokko
          + Zwitserland
          + US
          + Italië
          + Maurice
          + Nederland
          + Monaco
          + Luxemburg
          + VAE
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Doorblader het magazine
     * ( ) Kantoren
       (*) De beste specialisten in luxevastgoed
          + Frans sprekende kantoren
          + Engels sprekende kantoren
          + Spaans sprekende kantoren
          + Nederlands sprekende kantoren
          + Italiaans sprekende kantoren
          + Duits sprekende kantoren
          + Russisch sprekende kantoren
          + Portugees sprekende kantoren
       Vind de juiste specialist

Verfijn uw zoekopdracht

   Herbeginnen
   [ ] Kopen
     * Kopen
     * Huren
     * Verhuur vakantiewoningen

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Zoeken
   Meer criteria
   Creëer een melding

   Creëer een melding

   31892 Exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen

   Sorteer op
   [ ] Selectie
     * Selectie
     * Prijs aflopend
     * Prijs oplopend
     * Publicatiedatum
     * Oppervlakte aflopend
     * Oppervlakte oplopend

   [ ] Onze rangschikkingsregels

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 85 m², 4 Ruimtes, Parijs 11e.
     * 9

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 85 m² Parijs 11e

   3.100 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Dit appartement gemeubileerd van 85 m², in een flatgebouw van 5
   verdiepingen bevat 4 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 1 WC.
   Dit appartement heeft van een woonkamer en van een Aparte keuken. Zij
   bevindt zich op de 2de de verdieping met lift. Verwarming :
   "individual". andere : parketvloer.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 100 m², 4 Ruimtes, Parijs 13e.
     * 10

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 100 m² Parijs 13e

   3.135 €

   3 slaapkamers 2 Terras 1 parkeerplaats

   Dit appartement (Appartement) gemeubileerd van 100 m², gebouwd in 2002
   Duplex, in een flatgebouw van 5 verdiepingen bevat 4 kamers waarvan 3
   slaapkamers en 2 badkamers. Dit appartement (Appartement) heeft van een
   woonkamer, van een Geen keuken, van een terras en van een
   parkeerplaats. Zij bevindt zich op de 5de de verdieping met lift.
   Verwarming : "individual".

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 275 m², 5 Ruimtes, Ukkel.
     * 27

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 5 Ruimtes • 275 m² Ukkel

   7.500 €

   3 slaapkamers Zwembad Terras

   Ukkel, Wellington-buurt, in een populair gebied rustige en groene
   omgeving, uitzonderlijke gemeubeld appartement van ± 275m² high-end
   smaakvol in 2007 klaar is gerenoveerd in 1980 een gebouw met prachtige
   zuiden 40m² terras met prachtig recepties van 100m², grote semi-open
   keuken 24m² volledig uitgerust, grote slaapkamer met dressing en
   badkamer met douche naast de slaapkamer van de meesters, 2 slaapkamers
   van 15 en 14m² met dressing elk, 1 badkamer, wasruimte, grote garage
   box, twee kelders , kasten en kasten, alarm, airconditioning in de
   slaapkamer, externe elektrische rolluiken overal, elektrische interne
   zonwering overal. Ref: '2994200'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 220 m², 4 Ruimtes, Ukkel.
     * 22

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 220 m² Ukkel

   3.395 €

   3 slaapkamers Terras

   D Day ligt in een rustige buurt van Uccle, in de buurt van Avenue
   Montjoie en Edith Cavell. Dit prachtige penthouse is volledig
   gerenoveerd in 2014 en ligt in een prachtig privépark. Totale
   oppervlakte van ± 220m² bestaande uit: inkomhal, garderobe, eetkamer,
   ruime woonkamer van ± 55m², een eerste slaapkamer van ± 19m² met
   badkamer (jacuzzi) / douche, een tweede slaapkamer van ± 16m²ac
   begeleid door de badkamer, een derde slaapkamer / kantoor met
   douchekamer, volledig ingerichte keuken (koelkast, koelkast, enz.), 4
   toiletten. Kast geïntegreerd in het appartement. Terras van ± 60m²
   uitzicht op het park. Hoge afwerking en kwaliteitsmaterialen. Drie
   parkeerplaatsen, kelder, zolder. Kosten van euros 600, inclusief alles
   behalve elektricite Ref: '4720MW'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 215 m², 5 Ruimtes, Brussel.
     * 10

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 5 Ruimtes • 215 m² Brussel

   3.330 €

   4 slaapkamers

   W-0297HM Prachtig gerenoveerd appartement met +/- 215m ² leefruimte
   tegenover het Parc du Cinquantenaire. Het is als volgt samengesteld:
   grote entreehal met garderobe en gastentoilet, een grote en lichte
   woonkamer van +/- 73m², een aparte volledig uitgeruste keuken, een
   wasruimte, nachthal met 4 slaapkamers (+/- 12m², 12m², 15m² en 25m²),
   waaronder een met kleedkamer en badkamer, een douche en een apart
   toilet. Anderen: gepantserde deur, videofoon, mooie afwerkingen, kelder
   en 2 parkeerplaatsen in het gebouw. Heffingen: 330 euros / maand
   (gemeenschappelijk, voorzieningen verwarming en water) Parking: 150
   euros/maand PEB: D; CO2: 40 Exceptionally located next Mérode, close to
   Montgomery Square and at a walking distance from Parc du
   Cinquentenaire. Ref: '3130158'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 140 m², 4 Ruimtes, Brussel.
     * 11

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 140 m² Brussel

   2.750 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Ixelles, appartement ingericht van 140m², gelegen op de 1e verdieping,
   woonkamer van 50m² met parket en open haard, volledig uitgeruste
   keuken, 3 slaapkamers met parket, 2 badkamers, kelder, 1 tot 2 auto's,
   verwarming. Ref: '3492482'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 16 Ruimtes, Antwerpen 1.
     * 13

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 16 Ruimtes Antwerpen 1

   9.000 €

   15 slaapkamers

   Hotel Granducale met 15 kamers en gemeenschappelijke eetkamer / keuken
   met ruim terras wordt in zijn totaliteit verhuurd. ideaal voor
   studenten, groepen of werknemers. Ref: 'granducale 2'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 220 m², 4 Ruimtes, Elsene.
     * 20

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 220 m² Elsene

   4.200 €

   3 slaapkamers Terras

   In een rustige buurt, dit appartementvan 220 m², gebouwd in 2018, in
   een flatgebouw van 5 verdiepingen bevat 4 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers,
   1 badkamer en 1 WC. Dit appartement heeft van een Geen keuken, van een
   terras, van 2 garages en van een kelder. Zij bevindt zich op de 1ste de
   verdieping met lift. Verwarming : Gas. andere : parketvloer.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 96 m², 3 Ruimtes, Elsene.
     * 8

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 3 Ruimtes • 96 m² Elsene

   2.900 €

   2 slaapkamers

   In een rustige buurt, dit appartement gemeubileerd van 96 m², in een
   flatgebouw van 7 verdiepingen heeft 3 kamers waarvan 2 slaapkamers en 1
   badkamer. Dit appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer, een Open
   keuken, een garage en een kelder. Zij bevindt zich op de 2de de
   verdieping met lift. andere : intercom, parketvloer.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 164 m², 4 Ruimtes, Elsene.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 164 m² Elsene

   2.850 €

   3 slaapkamers

   IXELLES (Molière/Merjay), à deux pas de la place Brugmann, dans un
   immeuble de prestige (entièrement remis à neuf), sublime appartement de
   +/- 164m², comprenant: hall d'entrée, wc invités avec lave mains,
   espace buanderie + chaudière individuelle, living, cuisine full
   équipée, hall de nuit, 3 chambres, sdb + wc, sdd, placards encastrés,
   double vitrage partout, cave, garage box en supplément (200
   euros/mois). Libre immédiatement. BAIL SOCIETE POSSIBLE !!! Pour
   conditions et visites: 02 344 88 84 / rent@tribel-immo.be /
   www.tribel-immo.be (PEB: D+) Ref: '6608 - 739'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 152 m², 6 Ruimtes, Parijs 6e.
     * 19

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 6 Ruimtes • 152 m² Parijs 6e

   7.200 €

   4 slaapkamers Terras 1 Balkon 1 parkeerplaats

   In een rustige buurt, met een prachtig uitzicht dit appartement nieuw
   van 152 m² Duplex heeft 6 kamers waarvan 4 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 2
   WC's. Dit appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer, een Aparte keuken,
   een balkon, een terras, een kelder en een parkeerplaats. Zij bevindt
   zich op de 4de de verdieping met lift. andere : digicode, Bewaker,
   parketvloer.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 185 m², 4 Ruimtes, Elsene.
     * 19

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 185 m² Elsene

   2.750 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Contact Maxence +32 476 80 10 91: 100 meters away from the 'Place
   Brugmann', beautiful groundfloor apartment (+/- 150 sqm) in a nice
   building with character. It is composed as follows: ENTRANCE HALL,
   KITCHEN (super-equipped and opened), LIVING ROOM / DINING ROOM with
   access to the GARDEN of approx. 120 m2 facing SOUTH WEST / 2 BEDROOMS
   (approx. 23 and 20 sqm) / 2 BATHROOMS. Included in the rent: STUDIO
   (BEDROOM / SHOWER / LIVING ROOM) of approx. 31 sqm. Close to shops,
   transport, market, etc. To discover ASAP. PEB E+ Ref: '19RML004'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 173 m², 4 Ruimtes, Parijs 6e.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 173 m² Parijs 6e

   5.050 €

   2 slaapkamers

   In een rustige buurt, op het oost-west gelegen dit appartementvan 173
   m² bestaat uit 4 kamers waarvan 2 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 2 WC's.
   Dit appartement is uitgerust van van een woonkamer van 60 m², van een
   Geen keuken en van een kelder. Zij bevindt zich op de 1ste de
   verdieping met lift. Verwarming : "individual gaz". andere : intercom,
   digicode, Bewaker, parketvloer, openhaard, kabeltelevisie.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 83 m², 4 Ruimtes, Mykonos Neochori- Mylous.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 83 m² Mykonos Neochori- Mylous

   20.000 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Apartment for rent at Mykonos island, 83 m², euros 20.000 /month, 1st
   floor, furnished, 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, AC, WC, veranda, living room,
   kitchen, 100m away from the beach Ref: '3750586'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 184 m², 4 Ruimtes, Ukkel.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 184 m² Ukkel

   3.520 €

   3 slaapkamers Terras

   Ukkel/Cambre/Limiet Elsene. In het binnenland van de grond, sublieme
   grond tuin genesteld in een kader van uitzonderlijk groen. Dit
   appartement van +/- 184m2 bestaat uit een inkomhal, gastentoilet,
   wasruimte, volledig uitgeruste keuken, woonkamer, 2 mooie slaapkamers
   met hun badkamer of douche en een groot kantoor. Terras en privétuin
   (zuiden). Luxe residentie met conciërge, gemeenschappelijke tuin,
   speeltuin, beveiligde gebieden. Kelder, dubbele beglazing, alarm,
   veiligheidsdeur. Parking: + 150 euros. Bedrijfslease: ok. Om te zien
   zonder vertraging. Bezoeken: 0471 75 88 89 Ref: '3756827'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Exclusief Verhuren , Appartement, 141 m², 5 Ruimtes, Parijs 17e.
     * 29

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 5 Ruimtes • 141,15 m² Parijs 17e

   7.500 €

   3 slaapkamers 2 Terras

   In een rustige buurt, met een prachtig uitzicht en zuid-oost-west
   gelegen dit appartement gemeubileerd van 141,15 m², gebouwd in 2006
   heeft 5 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 1 WC. Dit
   appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer van 46,5 m², een Aparte
   keuken en een terras. Zij bevindt zich op de 4de de verdieping met
   lift. Verwarming : Electrisch. andere : digicode.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 165 m², 5 Ruimtes, Saint-Germain-en-Laye.
     * 12

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 5 Ruimtes • 165 m² Saint-Germain-en-Laye

   4.550 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Dit appartementvan 165 m² heeft 5 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers en 1
   badkamer. Dit appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer, een eetkamer,
   een Geen keuken, een garage en een kelder. Zij bevindt zich op de 1ste
   de verdieping. Verwarming : "individual gaz radiator". andere :
   openhaard.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 100 m², 3 Ruimtes, Brussel.
     * 10

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 3 Ruimtes • 100 m² Brussel

   2.650 €

   2 slaapkamers Terras

   Gelegen in een beboste laan, in het hartje van Brussel, penthouse met
   twee slaapkamers en een bewoonbare oppervlakte van ± 100 m² in een
   nieuw project van eerste bewoning. Op de negende en laatste verdieping,
   bestaat het uit een hal met een garderobe / apart toilet, twee
   slaapkamers die een badkamer delen met douche, een lichtrijke
   woonkamer, een eetkamer, een ôObumex'-keuken met volledig uitgerust
   eiland. Het appartement beschikt eveneens over een aangenaam terras met
   een onbelemmerd zicht op de daken. Andere: kelder, optionele
   parkeerplaats, dubbele beglazing, wasplaats, video-intercom, laag
   verbruik, VMC, LED-verlichtingsarmaturen, geïnstalleerde gordijnrails
   en gordijnen. De Louizalaan wordt beschouwd als de 'Champs-Elysées' van
   Brus Ref: '3775349'

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 88 m², 4 Ruimtes, Parijs 16e.
     * 16

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 4 Ruimtes • 88 m² Parijs 16e

   3.600 €

   2 slaapkamers

   In een rustige buurt, met een prachtig uitzicht dit appartement
   gemeubileerd van 88 m², gebouwd in 1900, in een flatgebouw van 6
   verdiepingen heeft 4 kamers waarvan 2 slaapkamers, 1 badkamer en 1 WC.
   Dit appartement is voorzien van een eetkamer en een Geen keuken. Zij
   bevindt zich op de 4de de verdieping met lift. Verwarming : "individual
   gaz". andere : intercom, digicode, Bewaker.

   [ ]

   Sorry, het aantal favorieten is beperkt tot
   Verhuren , Appartement, 160 m², 6 Ruimtes, Parijs 4e.
     * 13

   Bekijk het pand
   Bel
   Mail
   Bericht verzonden op

Appartement 6 Ruimtes • 160 m² Parijs 4e

   5.900 €

   3 slaapkamers

   Met een prachtig uitzicht dit appartementvan 160 m², gebouwd in 1800
   heeft 6 kamers waarvan 3 slaapkamers, 2 badkamers en 1 WC. Dit
   appartement is voorzien van een woonkamer, een Geen keuken en een
   kelder. Compleet gerenoveerd, zij bevindt zich op de de de verdieping
   met lift. andere : digicode.

   [X]
   [X] Luxeappartement
     * Luxeappartement te koop Parijs
     * Luxeappartement te koop Bordeaux
     * Luxeappartement te koop Cannes
     * Luxeappartement te koop Nice

     * Luxeappartement te koop Montpellier
     * Luxeappartement te koop Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxeappartement te koop Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Luxeappartement te koop Marseille

     * Luxeappartement te koop Lyon
     * Luxeappartement te koop Toulouse
     * Luxeappartement te koop Ukkel
     * Luxeappartement te koop Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxewoningen en villa's
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Parijs
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Bordeaux
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Cannes
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Nice

     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Montpellier
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Aix-en-Provence
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Mougins
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Uzès

     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Toulouse
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Deauville
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Ukkel
     * Luxewoning/villa te koop Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxueus vastgoed
     * Luxueus vastgoed Ukkel
     * Luxueus vastgoed Knokke-Heist
     * Luxueus vastgoed Elsene
     * Luxueus vastgoed Knokke

     * Luxueus vastgoed Antwerpen
     * Luxueus vastgoed St-Genesius-Rode
     * Luxueus vastgoed Parijs
     * Luxueus vastgoed Bordeaux

     * Luxueus vastgoed Cannes
     * Luxueus vastgoed Nice
     * Luxueus vastgoed Montpellier
     * Luxueus vastgoed Aix-en-Provence

     * 0
     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Laatste pagina
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 1595
     *

   Deze advertentie is aan uw favorieten toegevoegd

    1. Home

     Spanje

   [ ]
   Het laatste luxenieuws

   Exclusieve locaties, prestigieuze evenementen, … Blijf op de hoogte van
   de luxemarkt.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Uw e-mailadres wordt alleen gebruikt om u de nieuwsbrieven van Belles
   Demeures te sturen. U kunt u hiervoor op elk moment uitschrijven via de
   link in de nieuwsbrief. Meer weten over de verwerking van uw gegevens
   en uw rechten.

   [ ] Onze apps

   Ontdek de Belles Demeures-app voor iPhone & iPad. Uitsluitend
   beschikbaar in Frankrijk.
   Apple store
   Ontdekken
     * [ ] Frankrijk
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle steden
          + Alle departementen
          + Alle regio's
          + Alle aanbiedingen
     * [ ] België
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle (deel)gemeenten
          + Alle gemeenten
          + Alle arrondissementen
          + Alle provincies
          + Alle aanbiedingen

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Internationale website
               o Internationale website
               o Belgische website
          + Wie zijn we?
          + Ons aanbod
          + Contacteer ons
          + Privacybeleid raadplegen
          + Werking van onze website

   [ ] Volg ons op

   [ ] Ons aanbod
     * Onroerend goed in Frankrijk
     * Nieuwbouw
     * Vastgoedprofessionals
     * m² prijs en vastgoedschatting
     * Woning bouwen
     * Kantoren en handelszaken
     * Verhuur vakantiewoningen
     * Webmarketing vastgoed
     * Onroerend goed in België
     * Seizoensverhuur

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Mijn favorieten
     * U heeft geen enkele favoriete advertentie.
       Klik op het symbool
       in een advertentie om het aan uw lijst toe te voegen.

   [ ] Nederlands
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Kopen
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Al het vastgoed te koop
     * ( ) Huren
       ( ) Exclusieve eigendommen
          + Luxe woning/villa
          + Luxe appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Kantooroppervlakte
          + Kasteel
          + Herenhuis
       (*) Trendy steden
          + Parijs
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Ukkel
          + Knokke-Heist
       Alle vastgoed te huur
     * Vakantie
     * ( ) Regio's
       ( ) IN FRANKRIJK
          + Eigendommen in Frankrijk
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Aquitaine
          + Atlantische Loirestreek
          + Auvergne
          + Basse Normandie
          + Bourgondië
          + Bretagne
          + Centre Val de Loire
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Corsica
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Elzas
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute Normandië
          + Ile de France (Parijs)
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lotharingen
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord Pas de Calais
          + Overzeese collectiviteiten
          + Overzeese departmenten
          + Picardië
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) In België
          + Eigendommen in Belgisch
          + Brussel-Hoofdstad
          + West-Vlaanderen
          + Vlaams-Brabant
          + Antwerpen
          + Waals-Brabant
          + Oost-Vlaanderen
          + Limburg
          + Luik
          + Henegouwen
          + Namen
          + Luxemburg
       (*) WERELDWIJD
          + Eigendommen wereldwijd
          + Portugal
          + Griekenland
          + Spanje
          + Marokko
          + Zwitserland
          + US
          + Italië
          + Maurice
          + Nederland
          + Monaco
          + Luxemburg
          + VAE
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Doorblader het magazine
     * ( ) Kantoren
       (*) De beste specialisten in luxevastgoed
          + Frans sprekende kantoren
          + Engels sprekende kantoren
          + Spaans sprekende kantoren
          + Nederlands sprekende kantoren
          + Italiaans sprekende kantoren
          + Duits sprekende kantoren
          + Russisch sprekende kantoren
          + Portugees sprekende kantoren
       Vind de juiste specialist

   Verfijn uw zoekopdracht
   ____________________
   Zoeken

   Verfijnen

2191 kantoren kunnen u helpen bij uw zoektocht in Frankrijk

   Sorteer op
   [ ] Selectie
     * Selectie
     * Naam (A-Z)
     * Naam (Z-A)
     * Stad (A-Z)
     * Stad (Z-A)

     *
   5 PIECES ET PLUS
       3b rue Louise Michel
       92300 Levallois-Perret
       Website kantoor
       14 exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen
          +
          +
       Maak kennis
       met ons kantoor
     *
   AB KASHA IMMOBILIER À PARIS
       16 rue de l'Universite
       75007 Parijs 7e
       Website kantoor
       4 exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen
          +
          +
          +
          +
               o
               o
       Maak kennis
       met ons kantoor
     *
   ACHETER VENDRE LOUER - MAISONS & APPARTEMENTS
       3 chemin Falourdeau
       78750 Mareil-Marly
       Website kantoor
       32 exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen
          +
          +
          +
          +
               o
               o
       Maak kennis
       met ons kantoor
     *
   AGENCE DE HAVILLAND
       18 RUE GOUNOD
       92210 Saint-Cloud
       Website kantoor
       26 exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen
          +
          +
       Maak kennis
       met ons kantoor
     *
   AGENCE DE VALCROS
       ROND POINT DE VALCROS
       83250 La Londe-les-Maures
       Website kantoor
       25 exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen
          +
          +
       Maak kennis
       met ons kantoor
     *
   AGENCE DES 4 CHEMINS
       233 ROUTE DE CANNES
       06130 Grasse
       Website kantoor
       2 exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen
       Maak kennis
       met ons kantoor
     *
   Agence Des Oliviers
       53 RUE DE LA DIVISION LECLERC
       78460 Chevreuse
       Website kantoor
       1 exclusieve vastgoedaanbieding
          +
       Maak kennis
       met ons kantoor
     *
   AGENCE DU CHATEAU
       6 RUE DE MELUN
       77240 Seine-Port
       5 exclusieve vastgoedaanbiedingen
       Maak kennis
       met ons kantoor

     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Laatste pagina
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 274
     *

   [ ]
   Het laatste luxenieuws

   Exclusieve locaties, prestigieuze evenementen, … Blijf op de hoogte van
   de luxemarkt.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Uw e-mailadres wordt alleen gebruikt om u de nieuwsbrieven van Belles
   Demeures te sturen. U kunt u hiervoor op elk moment uitschrijven via de
   link in de nieuwsbrief. Meer weten over de verwerking van uw gegevens
   en uw rechten.

   [ ] Onze apps

   Ontdek de Belles Demeures-app voor iPhone & iPad. Uitsluitend
   beschikbaar in Frankrijk.
   Apple store
   Ontdekken
     * [ ] Frankrijk
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle steden
          + Alle departementen
          + Alle regio's
          + Alle aanbiedingen
     * [ ] België
          + Luxueus vastgoed
          + Alle (deel)gemeenten
          + Alle gemeenten
          + Alle arrondissementen
          + Alle provincies
          + Alle aanbiedingen

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Internationale website
               o Internationale website
               o Belgische website
          + Wie zijn we?
          + Ons aanbod
          + Contacteer ons
          + Privacybeleid raadplegen
          + Werking van onze website

   [ ] Volg ons op

   [ ] Ons aanbod
     * Onroerend goed in Frankrijk
     * Nieuwbouw
     * Vastgoedprofessionals
     * m² prijs en vastgoedschatting
     * Woning bouwen
     * Kantoren en handelszaken
     * Verhuur vakantiewoningen
     * Webmarketing vastgoed
     * Onroerend goed in België
     * Seizoensverhuur

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Meine Favoriten
     * Sie haben keine Anzeige unter Ihren Favoriten.
       Klicken Sie auf das Symbol
       auf einer Anzeige, um sie Ihrer Liste hinzuzufügen.

   [ ] Deutsch
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Kaufen
       ( ) Exklusive Objekte
          + Luxus-Haus
          + Luxus-Appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Fläche
          + Schloss
          + Bürgerhaus
       (*) Beliebte Städte
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Alle zum Kauf angebotenen Anwesen
     * ( ) Mieten
       ( ) Exklusive Objekte
          + Luxus-Haus
          + Luxus-Appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Fläche
          + Schloss
          + Bürgerhaus
       (*) Beliebte Städte
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       Alle zur Miete angebotenen Anwesen
     * Ferien
     * ( ) Regionen
       ( ) In Frankreich
          + Anwesen in Frankreich
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse-Normandie
          + Bourgogne
          + Bretagne
          + Centre
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Collectivités d'Outre-Mer
          + Corse
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Départements d'Outre-Mer
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute-Normandie
          + Île-de-France
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord-Pas-de-Calais
          + Pays de la Loire
          + Picardie
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) In Belgien
          + Objekte in Belgien
          + Bruxelles-Capitale - Brussel-Hoofdstad
          + West-Vlaanderen
          + Vlaams-Brabant
          + Antwerpen
          + Brabant wallon
          + Oost-Vlaanderen
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) Weltweit
          + Anwesen weltweit
          + Portugal
          + Grèce
          + Espagne
          + Maroc
          + Suisse
          + États-Unis
          + Italie
          + Maurice
          + Pays-Bas
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + Émirats arabes unis
     * ( ) Magazin
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Das Magazin durchblächtern
     * ( ) Die Agenturen
       (*) Die besten Spezialisten für Luxusimmobilien
          + Französisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Englisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Spanisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Niederländisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Italienisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Deutsch sprechende Agenturen
          + Russisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Portugiesisch sprechende Agenturen
       Den richtigen Spezialisten finden

   ALLGEMEINE NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN
   DER WEBSITE UND DER APP
   BELLES DEMEURES

   INFORMATIONEN ZUM DATENSCHUTZ

   1. VORWORT

   1.1 ZWECK DER ALLGEMEINEN NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN

   Zweck dieser allgemeinen Nutzungsbedingungen (nachstehend als „die
   Nutzungsbedingungen“ bezeichnet) ist die Definition der
   Nutzungsbedingungen für die Website, die insbesondere unter der Adresse
   www.bellesdemeures.com verfügbar ist (nachstehend als „Website“
   bezeichnet), und für die entsprechende App (nachstehend als „App“
   bezeichnet), die die Gesellschaft SELOGER (nachstehend als „die
   Gesellschaft“ bezeichnet) den Internetnutzern (nachstehend als „Nutzer“
   bezeichnet) zur Verfügung stellt.

   1.2 BESTIMMUNG DES HERAUSGEBERS

   Herausgegeben und gehostet wird die Website von der Gesellschaft:
   SELOGER
   Vereinfachte Aktiengesellschaft (SAS) nach französischem Recht mit
   einem Kapital von 1 501 800 €
   Gesellschaftssitz: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18 (Frankreich)
   Handelsregistereintrag: RCS Paris B 425 074 481
   Umsatzsteueridentifikationsnummer: FR 54 425 074 481

   1.3 VERANTWORTLICHER FÜR DIE VERÖFFENTLICHUNG

   Für den Inhalt der Website ist Herr Bertrand GSTALDER verantwortlich.

   1.4 KONTAKTAUFNAHME MIT DER GESELLSCHAFT

   Der Nutzer kann folgendermaßen mit der Gesellschaft in Kontakt treten:
   • Durch ein einfaches Schreiben an die angegebene Adresse von SELOGER
   (Belles Demeures – Services Clients) – 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris Cedex
   18 (Frankreich)
   •Per E-Mail: contact@bellesdemeures.com
   • Telefonisch unter der Nummer +33 1 56 77 56 77 (keine
   Sonderrufnummer): täglich von 9 bis 18 Uhr mit Ausnahme der
   gesetzlichen französischen Feiertage.
   • Per Fax unter der Nummer +33 1 56 77 56 78

   1.5 HOSTING DER WEBSITE

   Iliad Entreprises
   FREE SAS
   8 rue de la Ville l'Evêque – 75008 PARIS (Frankreich)
   SIRET 42193886100034
   +33 899 70 01 01
   Equinix France
   114 rue Ambroise Croizat
   93200 Saint Denis
   Frankreich
   +33 1 48 17 65 00

   2. DEFINITIONEN

   In diesen Nutzungsbedingungen gelten für die Begriffe in Großbuchstaben
   folgende Definitionen:

   Als „App“ wird der von der Gesellschaft betriebene interaktive
   elektronische Dienst bezeichnet, der nach kostenlosem Download im
   AppStore oder über einen Webbrowser auf jedem Endgerät mit
   Internetanschluss zur Verfügung steht und (gegebenenfalls nach der
   Installation) den Zugriff auf die Dienste ermöglicht.

   Der Begriff „Daten“ bezeichnet personenbezogene Daten im Sinne von
   Artikel 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und
   des Rates vom 27. April 2016 zum Schutz natürlicher Personen bei der
   Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten und zum freien Datenverkehr
   (nachstehend „Datenschutz-Grundverordnung“), die der Nutzer an die
   Gesellschaft übermittelt oder die die Gesellschaft während der Nutzung
   der Website, der App und/oder der Dienste sammelt.

   Als „Immobilienpartner“ werden die Inserenten bezeichnet, die mit der
   Gesellschaft einen Vertrag zur Veröffentlichung von Annoncen zum
   Verkauf bzw. zur Vermietung von Immobilienobjekten auf der Website
   und/oder in der App abgeschlossen haben. Die Veröffentlichung von
   Annoncen auf der Website und/oder in der App ist Inserenten
   vorbehalten, die einer der folgenden Kategorien entsprechen:
   • Immobilienmakler, die gemäß dem französischen Hoguet-Gesetz Nr.° 70-9
   vom 2. Januar 1970 über den Berechtigungsschein für Immobilienverkauf
   oder -verwaltung verfügen,
   • Notare,
   • Rechtsanwälte, die eine Nebentätigkeit als Beauftragter für
   Immobilientransaktionen ausüben.
   Verträge zur Veröffentlichung von Annoncen auf der Website und/oder in
   der App werden ausschließlich für außergewöhnliche Immobilien
   abgeschlossen.

   Als „Website“ wird der von der Gesellschaft herausgegebene und
   betriebene interaktive elektronische Dienst bezeichnet, der
   insbesondere über die Adresse www.bellesdemeures.comverfügbar ist, über
   die die Gesellschaft die Nutzung der Dienste ermöglicht.

   Der Begriff „Server“ bezeichnet einen Computer, der einen
   Anwendungsdienst hostet und einen großen Festplattenspeicherplatz
   bietet, auf dem Dateien gespeichert sind.

   Als „Server der Website“ werden die Hosting-Server der Website
   bezeichnet, auf denen die Dienste installiert sind und betrieben
   werden, die die Gesellschaft den Nutzern bereitstellt.

   Als „Dienste“ werden die Dienste bezeichnet, die die Gesellschaft auf
   der Website und/oder in der App bereitstellt und die in Artikel 4
   dieser Nutzungsbedingungen beschrieben sind, sowie deren Erweiterungen
   (Benachrichtigungen, Newsletter, Kalender und Funktionen des
   Benutzer-Endgeräts), die für ihre Funktion erforderlich sind.

   Als „Nutzer“ werden alle natürlichen Personen bezeichnet, die im Rahmen
   einer rein privaten Nutzung auf die Website und/oder die App zugreifen.

   3. ANWENDUNGSBEREICH, ANNAHME UND ÄNDERUNG DER NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN

   3.1

   Diese Nutzungsbedingungen legen die Bedingungen fest, unter denen der
   Nutzer die von der Gesellschaft bereitgestellten Dienste über die
   Website und/oder die App nutzen darf.
   Alle den Nutzern von der Gesellschaft bereitgestellten Dienste sind auf
   der Website und/oder in der App ausführlich beschrieben.

   3.2

   Der Vertragsabschluss, der Zugriff oder die Nutzung der Dienste setzt
   die uneingeschränkte Annahme dieser Nutzungsbedingungen durch den
   Nutzer voraus.

   3.3

   Da Änderungen dieser Nutzungsbedingungen möglich sind, gelten stets
   diejenigen Bedingungen, die zum Zeitpunkt des Zugriffs auf die Website
   und/oder die App gültig und auf der Website und/oder in der App der
   Gesellschaft aufgeführt sind.

   3.4

   Wenn die App über den Apple App Store oder den Google Play Store
   heruntergeladen wurde, wurde der Nutzer im Vorfeld unter Anderem
   aufgefordert, die allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen dieser beiden
   Plattformen zu akzeptieren und sich zu deren Einhaltung zu
   verpflichten.

   4. ZUGRIFF UND VERFÜGBARKEIT DER DIENSTE

   4.1 BESCHREIBUNG DER DIENSTE

   Die auf der Website und/oder in der App der Gesellschaft angebotenen
   Dienste unterstützen den Nutzer bei Immobilienkäufen oder -verkäufen
   sowie bei An- und Vermietungen, indem folgende Dienstleistungen
   kostenlos bereitgestellt werden können:
   (i) Ein Dienst zur Suche und Anzeige von Immobilienkauf- und
   Mietangeboten;
   (ii) Zugang zu den Kontaktdaten der Immobilienpartner, die auf der
   Website und/oder in der App Immobilienkauf- und Mietangebote
   veröffentlichen;
   (iii) Ein Dienst, der Sie mit den Immobilienpartnern der Gesellschaft
   in Kontakt bringt;
   (iv) Ein kostenloser Dienst zum Abonnement eines Newsletters;
   (v) Ein E-Mail-Benachrichtigungsdienst, mit dem der Nutzer per E-Mail
   die neuesten Angebote für seine Immobiliensuche erhalten kann.
   Die Dienste sind auf der Website und/oder in der App ausführlicher
   beschrieben. Der Nutzer wird darüber informiert, dass die genannten
   Dienste einer ständigen Weiterentwicklung unterliegen. Der Nutzer wird
   darüber informiert und akzeptiert, dass sich die Tätigkeit der
   Gesellschaft darauf beschränkt, die Kontaktaufnahme der Nutzer mit den
   Immobilienpartnern der Gesellschaft zu erleichtern. Die Gesellschaft
   übernimmt keinerlei Haftung für die Beziehungen, Vereinbarungen und
   Verhandlungen, die sich zwischen den Nutzern und den Immobilienpartnern
   der Gesellschaft ergeben können.

   4.2 ZUGRIFF AUF DIE DIENSTE

   Der Zugriff auf die Dienste erfolgt ausschließlich und kostenfrei über
   die Website und/oder die App der Gesellschaft.

   4.3 VERFÜGBARKEIT DER DIENSTE

   Die Gesellschaft unternimmt alle Anstrengungen, um ihre Dienste
   24 Stunden am Tag und 7 Tage die Woche verfügbar zu machen, unabhängig
   von Wartungsarbeiten an diesen Diensten und/oder Servern und/oder der
   Website und/oder der App. Dazu muss die Gesellschaft die erforderlichen
   Maßnahmen treffen.
   Die Gesellschaft behält sich das Recht vor, alle oder einen Teil der
   Dienste jederzeit, vorübergehend oder dauerhaft ohne vorherige
   Information der Nutzer und ohne Anspruch auf Entschädigung zu ändern
   oder zu unterbrechen.
   Die Gesellschaft unternimmt alle Anstrengungen, um die Kontinuität der
   Dienste zu gewährleisten. Angesichts der Komplexität und der besonderen
   Umstände der spezifischen Tätigkeit des Hostings ist die
   Sorgfaltspflicht der Gesellschaft jedoch auf diese Nutzungsbedingungen
   beschränkt.
   Folglich kann die Gesellschaft bei schwierigem oder unmöglichem
   Zugriff, zu langsamen Verbindungen oder anderen technischen Problemen
   nicht haftbar gemacht werden, wenn diese auf Umstände und/oder
   technische Dienstleister zurückzuführen sind, die nicht zur
   Gesellschaft gehören.

   5. ZUSICHERUNGEN – HAFTUNG– HÖHERE GEWALT

   5.1 ZUSICHERUNGEN DES NUTZERS

   Durch den Zugriff auf die Website und/oder die App der Gesellschaft
   erklärt, garantiert und verpflichtet sich der Nutzer, folgende
   Bedingungen einzuhalten:
   • Der Zugriff auf die Website und/oder die App und die Nutzung der
   Dienste erfolgt nach Treu und Glauben und in einer angemessenen Weise,
   die nicht im Widerspruch zu den Bestimmungen dieser Nutzungsbedingungen
   steht, und für rein persönliche, nicht-gewerbliche Zwecke;
   • Es werden keine anderen Geräte oder Softwareprogramme verwendet als
   diejenigen, die von der Gesellschaft bereitgestellt werden und die
   darauf abzielen, die i) das ordnungsgemäße Funktionieren der Website
   und/oder der App und/oder der enthaltenen Dienste zu beeinträchtigen
   oder einen entsprechenden Versuch zu unternehmen ii) oder um die
   Inhalte der Website und/oder der App ganz oder auszugsweise zu
   extrahieren, zu ändern, einzusehen oder individuell zu nutzen, auch
   nicht in einem Zwischenspeicher oder einem temporären Speicher;
   • Der Zugriff auf die Website und/oder die App und/oder die von der
   Gesellschaft auf dieser Website oder in dieser App bereitgestellten
   Dienste erfolgt nicht zu illegalen Zwecken und/oder mit dem Ziel, den
   Ruf und das Image der Gesellschaft zu schädigen oder ganz allgemein die
   Rechte (insbesondere die Rechte des geistigen Eigentums) der
   Gesellschaft und/oder Dritter zu verletzen;
   • Die Dienste und/oder der Zugang zu den Diensten und/oder der Zugang
   zur Website und/oder zur App werden nicht direkt oder indirekt
   vermarktet;
   • Keine vollständige oder auszugsweise Wiederverwendung der Inhalte der
   Website und/oder der App und der Dienste, insbesondere nicht für
   kommerzielle und/oder kollektive und/oder persönliche Zwecke sowie in
   einer Form und/oder auf Datenträgern, die nicht von der Gesellschaft
   genehmigt wurden;
   • Die von der Gesellschaft bereitgestellten Dienste oder die Daten, auf
   die der Nutzer über diese Dienste und/oder die Website und/oder die App
   zugreifen kann, werden nicht direkt oder indirekt zu kommerziellen
   Zwecken genutzt. Zudem erfolgt keine Nutzung zu persönlichen Zwecken,
   wenn diese in einer Form oder mit Mitteln erfolgt, die von der
   Gesellschaft nicht genehmigt wurden;
   • Keine Vervielfältigungen oder Darstellungen der Inhalte der von der
   Gesellschaft über die Website und/oder die App bereitgestellten
   Dienste, die über die gesetzlich vorgesehenen Ausnahmen hinausgehen
   (insbesondere das Gesetz über das geistige Eigentum) oder die im
   Hinblick auf eine direkte oder indirekte Vermarktung erfolgen,
   insbesondere an Dritte;
   • Keine Einschränkung des Zugangs zur Website und/oder der App und/oder
   der Dienste bzw. ihrer Nutzung;
   • Keine Änderungen (auch nicht in einem Zwischenspeicher oder
   temporären Speicher) von Angaben oder Elementen der Dienste und/oder
   des Inhalts der Website und/oder der App;
   • Keine Verstöße gegen die Bestimmungen der Artikel 323-1 bis 323-7 des
   französischen Strafgesetzbuches, die sogenannte „Hacking“-Praktiken
   bestrafen;
   • Keine Verwendung oder Nutzung der elektronischen Kontaktdaten
   und/oder der Postadresse anderer Nutzer der Website und/oder der App
   zum Versenden von Massen-E-Mails und „Spam-Mails“ zu Werbezwecken.
   Der Nutzer erkennt an und akzeptiert, dass die Gesellschaft ihm im
   Falle eines Verstoßes gegen eine dieser Verpflichtungen (diese Liste
   erhebt keinen Anspruch auf Vollständigkeit) den Zugang zur gesamten
   Website oder zu Teilen der Website und/oder der App verweigern kann.

   5.2 ZUSICHERUNGEN DER GESELLSCHAFT

   Die Gesellschaft stellt dem Nutzer über ihre Website und/oder ihre App
   den Zugang zu bestimmten Diensten zur Verfügung, die den Nutzer im
   Rahmen seines Immobilienprojekts unterstützen sollen. Der Nutzer ist
   sich bewusst, dass die Gesellschaft insbesondere keine Erfolgsgarantie
   geben kann. Dies gilt:
   • für Miet- oder Verkaufsanzeigen, die auf der Website und/oder in der
   App angesehen werden;
   • für die Antworten, die er auf seine Anfrage zur Kontaktaufnahme durch
   Immobilienpartner erhält, die Miet- oder Verkaufsanzeigen
   veröffentlicht haben;
   • und ganz allgemein für die besonderen Bedürfnisse des Nutzers.
   Die Gesellschaft übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit und/oder
   Relevanz der von den Immobilienpartnern auf der Website und/oder in der
   App veröffentlichten Inhalte, die in voller Eigenverantwortung online
   gestellt und veröffentlicht werden.
   Die Gesellschaft unternimmt alle Anstrengungen, um die Nutzer und die
   Immobilienpartner, die ihre Inhalte über die Website und/oder die App
   veröffentlichen, in Kontakt zu bringen.
   Die Gesellschaft garantiert keinen Abschluss eines
   Vertragsverhältnisses zwischen dem Nutzer und den genannten
   Immobilienpartnern.
   Die Nutzer erkennen an, dass die Gesellschaft daher zu keinem Zeitpunkt
   die Kommunikation und die Transaktionen zwischen Nutzern und
   Immobilienpartnern beeinflusst und nicht als Vermittler zwischen
   Nutzern und Immobilienpartnern auftritt.
   Folglich übernimmt die Gesellschaft unter keinen Umständen eine
   vertragliche Haftung oder eine Haftung aus unerlaubter Handlung für den
   Abschluss, die Nichtschließung, die Durchführung, die Kündigung oder
   die Vermittlung von Vertragsverhältnissen zwischen Nutzern und
   Immobilienpartnern oder für wie auch immer geartete die Folgen, die
   sich aus Streitfällen zwischen diesen ergeben.

   5.3 HAFTUNGSBESCHRÄNKUNGEN

   Der Nutzer ist allein verantwortlich für seine Nutzung der Website
   und/oder der App und der Dienste, auf die er über die Website und/oder
   die App zugreift.
   Die Gesellschaft kann keinesfalls in einem gegen einen Benutzer
   eingeleiteten Verfahren haftbar gemacht werden, der sich einer
   nicht-konformen Nutzung der Website und/oder der App und/oder der
   bereitgestellten Dienste schuldig gemacht hat.
   Der Nutzer erkennt in diesem Zusammenhang an und akzeptiert, dass er
   persönlich für alle Ansprüche oder Verfahren gegen die Gesellschaft
   haftet, die aufgrund seiner nicht-konformen Nutzung der Dienste
   und/oder der Website und/oder der App erhoben werden.
   Die Website und/oder die App können Hyperlinks zu Websites von
   Drittanbietern enthalten.
   In diesem Zusammenhang kann die Gesellschaft angesichts der häufig
   wechselnden veröffentlichten Inhalte nicht haftbar gemacht werden, wenn
   der Inhalt dieser Websites von Drittanbietern gegen die geltenden
   Rechts- und Verwaltungsvorschriften verstößt.
   In folgenden Fällen kann die Gesellschaft keinesfalls haftbar gemacht
   werden:
   • Bei Nichtverfügbarkeit der Dienste aus Gründen wie Ausfall des
   öffentlichen Stromnetzes, Ausfall der Kabel-Telekommunikationsnetze,
   Ausfall der Internetverbindung durch öffentliche oder private Betreiber
   und insbesondere den des Nutzers, und die insbesondere auf Streiks,
   Stürme, Erdbeben oder andere Fälle höherer Gewalt zurückzuführen sind;
   • Im Falle einer Nutzung der Dienste durch einen Nutzer, die nicht mit
   den Bestimmungen dieser Nutzungsbedingungen konform ist;
   • Im Rahmen der geltenden Rechtsvorschriften für jeden indirekten
   Schaden, insbesondere auch entgangenen Gewinn, Datenverlust oder
   sonstigen Verlust von immateriellem Eigentum, auch wenn die
   Gesellschaft über die Möglichkeit eines solchen Schadens informiert
   wurde, der sich (i) aus der Nutzung oder Unmöglichkeit der Nutzung der
   Dienste oder (ii) aus dem Zugriff auf die genannten Dienste durch einen
   nicht berechtigten Benutzer ergeben kann.
   • Die Gesellschaft haftet nicht für Fehlfunktionen jeglicher Art im
   Zusammenhang mit der Computerausstattung des Benutzers oder der
   Internetverbindung beim Zugriff auf die Website und/oder die App und
   generell auf die Dienste. Insbesondere kann die Gesellschaft dem Nutzer
   in folgenden Fällen nicht zusichern, dass er die Dienste nutzen kann:
   • Probleme mit der Geschwindigkeit des Zugriffs auf die Website
   und/oder die App und/oder der Geschwindigkeit der Pufferspeicherung von
   Videos, die über die Dienste zugänglich sind und auf die der Nutzer
   evtl. stößt, wenn diese Probleme auf den Computer des Benutzers
   zurückzuführen sind.
   • Die Qualität der in den Miet- oder Verkaufsannoncen enthaltenen
   Texte, Informationen, Beschreibungen, Fotos und Videos, die vom Nutzer
   und/oder den Immobilienpartnern veröffentlicht wurden und über die
   Dienste zugänglich sind.
   ILLEGALE INHALTE:
   Die Gesellschaft darf in ihrer Eigenschaft als Hosting-Provider im
   Sinne der Bestimmungen des Artikels 6-I-7 des französischen Gesetzes
   Nr. 2004-575 vom 21. Juni 2004 über Anzeigen, die unter der
   ausschließlichen Verantwortung der Immobilienpartner veröffentlicht
   wurden, keine allgemeine Überwachung der auf der Website und/oder in
   der App gehosteten Anzeigen organisieren und nicht bestimmen, ob sie
   rechtmäßig sind oder nicht.
   Sollte der Nutzer feststellen, dass eine von einem Immobilienpartner
   auf der Website und/oder in der App veröffentlichte Annonce ganz oder
   teilweise eindeutig rechtswidrig sein könnte, wird er gebeten, die
   Gesellschaft entsprechend zu informieren. Gemäß den Bestimmungen des
   Artikels 6-I-5 des Gesetzes Nr. 2004-575 vom 21. Juni 2004 kann die
   Gesellschaft den Nutzer auffordern, seine Anfrage zu präzisieren und
   ihr alle folgenden Informationen schriftlich zu übermitteln:
   • Namen, Vornamen, Datum, Geburtsort, Postanschrift;
   • Datum der Meldung der strittigen Annonce;
   • Nummer der strittigen Annonce(n);
   • URL(s) der strittigen Annonce(n);
   • Die Gründe, aus denen die Annonce entfernt werden muss,
   einschließlich der gesetzlichen Bestimmungen und der Begründungen des
   Sachverhalts;
   • Eine Kopie der an den Inserenten gerichteten Korrespondenz, in der
   die Entfernung oder Änderung der Annonce verlangt wird bzw. eine
   Begründung, warum eine Kontaktaufnahme mit dem Inserenten nicht möglich
   war.
   In diesem Zusammenhang verpflichtet sich der Nutzer, dieses Recht nicht
   zu missbrauchen. Bei einem diesbezüglichen Verstoß erkennt er an und
   akzeptiert, dass er gemäß den Bestimmungen des Artikels 6.I.4 des
   französischen Gesetzes Nr. 2004-575 vom 21. Juni 2004 strafrechtlich
   verfolgt werden kann. Gemäß diesem Gesetz gilt: „Die Tatsache, dass
   eine Person den unter 2. genannten Personen (Hosting-Unternehmen)
   Inhalte oder Tätigkeiten als illegal meldet, um deren Entfernung zu
   erwirken oder deren Veröffentlichung einzustellen, obwohl sie weiß,
   dass diese Information falsch ist, wird mit einem Jahr Freiheitsstrafe
   und einer Geldstrafe von 15.000 EUR bestraft.“

   5.4 HÖHERE GEWALT

   Die Gesellschaft haftet nicht, wenn die Erfüllung einer ihrer
   Verpflichtungen durch einen Fall höherer Gewalt verhindert oder
   verzögert wird, insbesondere (aber nicht nur) durch Naturkatastrophen,
   Brände, Störungen oder Unterbrechungen des Telekommunikationsnetzes
   oder des Stromnetzes. Für den Begriff „höhere Gewalt“ gilt die
   Definition gemäß Artikel 1218 des französischen Zivilgesetzbuchs in der
   Fassung der Verordnung 2016-131 vom 10. Februar 2016, ausgelegt durch
   die Rechtsprechung der französischen Gerichte.

   6. REKLAMATION – TECHNISCHE UNTERSTÜTZUNG

   Für Informationen technischer Art oder im Zusammenhang mit dem Betrieb
   der über die Website und/oder die App zugänglichen Dienste wird der
   Nutzer gebeten, Reklamationen an die in Artikel 1.4 genannten
   Kontaktdaten zu richten.

   7. GEISTIGES EIGENTUM

   7.1 URHEBERRECHT AUF DER WEBSITE DER GESELLSCHAFT

   Die Gesellschaft ist Eigentümer oder Lizenznehmer der geistigen
   Eigentumsrechte. Dies gilt für die allgemeinen Gestaltung der Website
   und/oder der APP sowie für die Inhalte (Texte, Slogans, Grafiken,
   Bilder, Videos, Fotos und andere Inhalte).
   Folglich ist in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen von Buch 1 des
   französischen Gesetzbuches für geistiges Eigentum jede Darstellung,
   Vervielfältigung, Änderung, Verfälschung und/oder vollständige oder
   teilweise Nutzung der Website und/oder der App und/oder ihrer Inhalte
   und/oder der Dienste (gleichgültig, in welchem Verfahren und auf
   welchem Datenträger) ohne eine ausdrückliche vorherige Genehmigung der
   Gesellschaft verboten und stellt eine Urheberrechtsverletzung dar.
   Ebenso kann jede unbefugte Nutzung der Website und/oder der App
   und/oder ihrer Inhalte und/oder der Dienste als Urheberrechtsverletzung
   straf- oder zivilrechtlich geahndet werden.
   Die Gesellschaft veröffentlicht die Website und/oder die App und die
   Dienste ausschließlich zu dem Zweck, eine Internetpräsenz
   bereitzustellen:
   i. Über einen Computer oder ein ähnliches Endgerät, das eine Verbindung
   mit einem oder mehreren Telekommunikationsnetzen sowie einen
   Internetzugang bietet und auf dem ein Browser wie Internet Explorer,
   Mozilla Firefox etc. installiert ist;
   ii. Über ein mobiles Endgerät mit Zugang zu einem
   Telekommunikationsnetz, das den Zugang zum Internet ermöglicht
   (WLAN-Verbindung, 3/4G, Edge etc.);
   Jede andere Nutzung der Website und/oder der App und/oder der Dienste
   ist von Rechts wegen der Gesellschaft vorbehalten und stellt eine
   Verletzung ihres Rechts auf Veröffentlichung auf der Website und/oder
   in der App und/oder den Diensten dar.

   7.2 MARKENZEICHEN

   Die auf der Website und/oder in der App aufgeführten Marken, Logos,
   Firmennamen, Abkürzungen, Handelsnamen und/oder Domänennamen der
   Gesellschaft und/oder ihrer Vertriebspartner, die den Zugriff auf die
   von der Gesellschaft bereitgestellten Dienste ermöglichen, stellen
   Markenzeichen dar, die ohne ausdrückliche vorherige Genehmigung ihres
   Inhabers nicht verwendet werden dürfen.
   Jede Darstellung und/oder Vervielfältigung und/oder teilweise oder
   vollständige Nutzung dieser Markenzeichen ist daher verboten und stellt
   eine Markenfälschung gemäß den Bestimmungen von Buch 7 des
   französischen Gesetzbuches für geistiges Eigentum bzw. die Missachtung
   eines Firmennamens, Handelsnamens und Domainnamens dar, die die
   zivilrechtliche Haftung des Nutzers aus unerlaubter Handlung begründet.

   7.3 DATENBANKEN

   Der Nutzer erkennt unwiderruflich an, dass die Website und/oder die App
   und die Dienste aus einer oder mehreren Datenbanken bestehen, die die
   Gesellschaft als Urheber dieser Datenbanken im Sinne der Bestimmungen
   der Artikel L. 341-1 ff. des französischen Gesetzes über geistiges
   Eigentum zur Verfügung stellt. Daher verpflichtet sich der Nutzer gemäß
   den Bestimmungen des Artikels L. 342-1 des genannten Gesetzes, folgende
   Handlungen zu unterlassen:
   • Die Extraktion aller oder eines qualitativ oder quantitativ
   wesentlichen Teils der Inhalte einer oder mehrerer der auf der Website
   und/oder in der App und/oder der Dienste zugänglichen Datenbanken auf
   ein anderes Datenspeichergerät (permanente oder vorübergehende
   Übertragung), mit welchen Verfahren und in welcher Form auch immer,
   einschließlich für Nutzung oder Abruf durch Mittel und/oder Prozesse,
   die nicht von der Gesellschaft genehmigt sind;
   • Die wie auch immer geartete Wiederverwendung aller oder eines
   qualitativ oder quantitativ wesentlichen Teils der Inhalte einer oder
   mehrerer der auf der Website und/oder in der App und/oder in den
   Diensten zugänglichen Datenbanken, auch durch Hyperlinks und/oder von
   der Gesellschaft nicht genehmigte Mittel oder Verfahren;
   • Die Erstellung einer konkurrierenden Datenbank, die vollständig oder
   teilweise auf einer oder mehrerer Datenbanken der Gesellschaft basiert,
   sowie deren Bearbeitung, Wartung, Aktualisierung, Import oder Export
   und ihre (kostenpflichtige oder unentgeltliche) Bereitstellung an
   Dritte sowie die Teilnahme an den vorgenannten Handlungen;
   • Die Anzeige auf einem Bildschirm durch ein anderes Verfahren oder ein
   anderes Mittel als diejenigen, die die Gesellschaft für die
   Veröffentlichung der Website und/oder der App und der Dienste
   vorgesehen hat;
   • Ganz allgemein ist jede direkte oder indirekte, teilweise oder
   vollständige Extraktion, Verwendung, Speicherung, Vervielfältigung,
   Darstellung oder Speicherung (auch Puffer- oder Zwischenspeicherung)
   eines qualitativ oder quantitativ wesentlichen Teils der Inhalte einer
   oder mehrerer Datenbanken der Gesellschaft durch eines der oben
   genannten Verfahren strengstens verboten, einschließlich durch Mittel,
   die nicht von der Gesellschaft genehmigt wurden.

   7.4 INHALTE DER DIENSTE

   Der Nutzer erkennt an und akzeptiert, dass der Zugriff auf die von der
   Gesellschaft zur Verfügung gestellte Website und/oder die App und die
   Dienste keine Übertragung oder Abtretung der Rechte des geistigen
   Eigentums (insbesondere der Urheberrechte) und anderer Rechte an den
   Nutzer zur Folge hat.
   Der Zugang zu den Diensten ist ausschließlich auf die private und
   persönliche Nutzung durch den Nutzer beschränkt, wie in diesen
   Nutzungsbedingungen und den Bestimmungen des Artikels L.122-5 2° des
   französischen Gesetzes über das geistige Eigentum festgelegt.
   Der Nutzer erkennt daher an und akzeptiert, dass die ihm von der
   Gesellschaft gewährte private und persönliche Nutzung in Bezug auf den
   Zugang zu den Diensten insbesondere jeden Zugang zu den Diensten
   ausschließt, die (kostenpflichtige oder unentgeltliche) kollektive
   Nutzungen, Vervielfältigungen, Darstellungen, Weiterverkäufe,
   Tauschhandlungen, Vermietungen, Übertragungen an Dritte, Änderungen,
   Anpassungen und Korrekturen der vollständigen oder auszugsweisen
   Website und/oder App, der Dienste und ihrer Inhalte ausschließt.

   7.5 HYPERLINKS

   Die Gesellschaft schließt jede Haftung für Hyperlinks aus, die auf der
   Website und/oder in der App eingerichtet sind, die Zugang zu den
   Diensten bieten, und die auf andere Websites und ganz allgemein auf
   alle existierenden Internetressourcen verweisen.
   Der Nutzer darf unter keinen Umständen Hyperlinks einrichten, die auf
   tiefe Seiten der Websites und/oder Apps verweisen, die den Zugang zu
   den Diensten ermöglichen. Dies gilt für alle technischen Mittel, die
   darauf abzielen, die Nutzeranmeldung zu umgehen oder die Inhalte der
   von der Gesellschaft bereitgestellten Dienste vollständig oder
   auszugsweise zu extrahieren. Frames sind verboten, sofern keine
   ausdrückliche vorherige Genehmigung der Gesellschaft vorliegt.

   8. VERSCHIEDENE BESTIMMUNGEN

   8.1 KORRESPONDENZ - NACHWEIS

   Sofern in diesen Nutzungsbedingungen nichts anderes festgelegt ist,
   erfolgt die Korrespondenz zwischen der Gesellschaft und dem Nutzer
   ausschließlich per E-Mail. Der Nutzer erkennt an und akzeptiert, dass
   die von der Gesellschaft per E-Mail und auf der Website und/oder in der
   App bereitgestellten Informationen zwischen ihm und der Gesellschaft
   verbindlich sind. Bei Elementen wie z. B. dem Eingangs- oder
   Sendezeitpunkt sowie der Qualität der erhaltenen Daten sind vorrangig
   diejenigen Informationen maßgeblich, die auf der Website und/oder in
   der App angegeben sind oder durch die computergestützten Verfahren der
   Gesellschaft authentifiziert wurden, es sei denn, der Nutzer erbringt
   einen schriftlichen Beweis für das Gegenteil. Der Umfang des Nachweises
   der auf der Website und/oder in der App bereitgestellten Informationen
   entspricht demjenigen eines Originals im Sinne eines schriftlichen
   Papierdokuments, das handschriftlich unterzeichnet ist.

   8.2 VOLLSTÄNDIGKEIT DER NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN

   Diese Nutzungsbedingungen enthalten alle Verpflichtungen der
   Gesellschaft und des Nutzers. Verzichtet eine der Parteien darauf, ihre
   Rechte bei einem Verstoß gegen die hier genannten Verpflichtungen
   geltend zu machen, darf dies in Zukunft nicht als Rechtsverzicht
   bezüglich der betreffenden Verpflichtung ausgelegt werden.

   8.3 NICHTIGKEITSKLAUSEL

   Werden eine oder mehrere Bestimmungen dieser Nutzungsbedingungen
   aufgrund eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder durch rechtskräftigen
   Beschluss einer zuständigen Gerichtsbarkeit für nichtig oder
   ungeschrieben erklärt, bleiben die anderen Bestimmungen vollumfänglich
   gültig, es sei denn, die unwirksame(n) Bestimmung(en) sind wesentlich
   und ihre Löschung stellt das vertragliche Gleichgewicht in Frage.

   8.4 TITEL

   Im Falle von Auslegungsschwierigkeiten zwischen dem Titel einer Klausel
   dieser Nutzungsbedingungen und einer der Klauseln werden die Titel für
   nicht existent erklärt.

   9. ANWENDBARES RECHT UND REGELUNG VON RECHTSSTREITIGKEITEN

   Diese Nutzungsbedingungen unterliegen französischem Recht. Im Falle von
   Streitigkeiten über die App, Auslegung, Gültigkeit und Ausführung
   dieser Nutzungsbedingungen und in Ermangelung einer gütlichen Einigung
   zwischen den Parteien sind ausdrücklich die französischen Gerichte
   zuständig.

   10. DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG - SCHUTZ PERSONENBEZOGENER DATEN

   10.1. PERSONENBEZOGENE DATEN

   a) Verantwortlicher für die Datenverarbeitung
   Verantwortlich für die Verarbeitung der von der Gesellschaft
   verarbeiteten Nutzerdaten ist
   SELOGER
   Vereinfachte Aktiengesellschaft (SAS) nach französischem Recht mit
   einem Kapital von 1 501 800 €
   Firmensitz: 65 rue Ordener 75880 Paris cedex 18 (Frankreich)
   Handelsregistereintrag: RCS Paris B 425 074 481
   Umsatzsteueridentifikationsnummer: FR 54 425 074 481
   Vertreten durch den Verantwortlichen für die Veröffentlichung.

   b) Art der von der Gesellschaft gesammelten personenbezogenen Daten des
   Nutzers
   Die Gesellschaft kann unter anderem folgende Daten des Nutzers oder
   seines Endgeräts sammeln:
   • Namen und Vornamen;
   • Postanschrift;
   • E-Mail-Adresse,
   • Telefonnummer,
   • Geburtsjahr,
   • Die IP-Adresse des Endgeräts oder die Software Development Kit Nummer
   der App, die er verwendet,
   • Die eindeutige Benutzerkennung und das Kennwort,
   • Informationen über die Navigation und die Interaktion mit den
   Diensten, der App und/oder der Website (Suchverlauf, Formulare, Cookies
   usw.),
   • Informationen zum Standort des Nutzers (nur, wenn er diese Option
   über die App ausgewählt hat),
   • Informationen über sein (öffentliches) Profil in einem sozialen
   Netzwerk (nur dann, wenn der Nutzer beschließt, sein Konto mit einem
   sozialen Netzwerk zu verknüpfen und seine Handlungen unter den
   Bedingungen zu teilen, die im Artikel VERBINDUNG MIT DEN SOZIALEN
   NETZWERKEN dieser Nutzungsbedingungen festgelegt sind).

   Die Gesellschaft sammelt die Daten, die die Nutzer insbesondere bei
   folgenden Vorgängen bereitgestellt haben:
   • Bei der Erstellung ihrer Konten,
   • Bei der Eingabe und dem Senden von Kontaktformularen,
   • Bei der Navigation auf der Website und/oder in der App (Ansehen von
   Annoncen, Suchanfragen etc.)...

   c) Rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung
   Im Rahmen der Annahme der Nutzungsbedingungen und gemäß Artikel 6.1 der
   Datenschutz-Grundverordnung wird der Nutzer darüber informiert, dass
   die verschiedenen nachstehend aufgeführten Verarbeitungen seiner Daten
   notwendig sind: (i) für die Ausführung und Erfüllung der von der
   Gesellschaft angebotenen Dienste, deren Bereitstellung durch diese
   Nutzungsbedingungen geregelt ist, die dem vom Nutzer abgeschlossenen
   Vertrag zur Unterstützung im Rahmen seines Immobilienprojekts
   entsprechen; (ii) und für die berechtigten Interessen der Gesellschaft
   zur Verbesserung ihrer Dienstleistungen und zum Verständnis der
   Nutzererwartungen, die insbesondere den Schutz der Rechte und Daten des
   Nutzers ermöglichen.

   d) Zweck der Verarbeitung
   Die von der Gesellschaft verarbeiteten Nutzerdaten werden zu folgenden
   Zwecken verwendet:
   • Ermöglichen der Erstellung eines Kontos,
   • Bereitstellung der Dienste, die über die Website und/oder die App
   verfügbar sind,
   • Antwort auf Anfragen,
   • Erstellung allgemeiner Statistiken zum Traffic auf der Website
   und/oder in der App und der verschiedenen Rubriken,
   • Senden von E-Mails mit verschiedenen Informationen oder Annoncen, die
   die Gesellschaft oder ihre Immobilienpartner, die Kunden der
   Gesellschaft sind, auf der Website und/oder in der App veröffentlicht
   haben,
   • E-Mail-Versand des Newsletters zur Weiterentwicklung der Website
   und/oder der App sowie der verschiedenen Rubriken der genannten Website
   oder der App,
   • Bessere Kenntnis der Nutzerbedürfnisse, Vereinfachung der Navigation
   und/oder Analysen oder Prognosen von Elementen über die Nutzer
   (persönliche Präferenzen, Interessen, Zuverlässigkeit) und des
   Nutzerverhaltens,
   • Durchführung von Umfragen und Zufriedenheitsumfragen.
   Die von der Gesellschaft verarbeiteten Nutzerdaten werden auch für
   Marketingzwecke verwendet, um auf Informations- und Werbeanfragen von
   Nutzern an Drittpartner zu reagieren, sofern die Benutzer dies
   ausdrücklich genehmigt haben.

   e) Empfänger der personenbezogenen Daten des Nutzers
   Die Daten können in Übereinstimmung mit den für die Gesellschaft
   geltenden Gesetzen für einen oder mehrere der in Artikel 10.1 d)
   beschriebenen Zwecke an die nachfolgend aufgeführten Personen
   übermittelt werden:
   • An das berechtigte und autorisierte Personal der Gesellschaften der
   SELOGER-Gruppe, das gegebenenfalls eine Verarbeitung der Daten
   vornimmt,
   • An Immobilienpartner, die als Kunden der Gesellschaft die Nutzer
   ausdrücklich kontaktieren möchten, um ihre Anfragen zu bearbeiten
   (Informationen über eine Immobilie, eine Makleragentur, eine
   Angebotsanfrage usw.),
   • An die IT-Dienstleister der Gesellschaft, die insbesondere für die
   Bereitstellung nutzerrelevanter Diensten und Werbeangebote sowie für
   das Messen der Besucherzahlen auf der Website und/oder in der App gemäß
   den Bestimmungen des Artikels „Nutzung von Tracking-Technologien
   (Website und/oder App)“ dieser Nutzungsbedingungen verantwortlich sind,
   • An die nach französischem Recht zugelassenen Verwaltungs- oder
   Justizbehörden,
   • An die Geschäftspartner der Gesellschaft, wenn die Nutzer
   ausdrücklich zugestimmt haben, von diesen Werbeangebote zu erhalten.

   f) Dauer der Speicherung der personenbezogenen Daten des Nutzers
   Die Daten werden von der Gesellschaft in Übereinstimmung mit den für
   die Gesellschaft geltenden Gesetzen 3 Jahre lang ab dem Zeitpunkt der
   letzten Kontaktaufnahme mit der Gesellschaft aufbewahrt (Änderung
   seines Kontos, Navigation auf der Website und/oder in der App,
   Ausfüllen eines Formulars auf der Website und/oder in der App usw.).
   Diese Informationen können mit eingeschränktem und außergewöhnlichem
   Zugang weitere 2 Jahre aufbewahrt werden, wenn sie im Rahmen der
   gesetzlichen und rechtlichen Verpflichtungen der Gesellschaft als
   Nachweis aufbewahrt werden. Buchhaltungsunterlagen und -dokumente
   werden als Buchhaltungsnachweis 10 Jahre lang aufbewahrt.

   10.2 WIDERSPRUCHSRECHT DES NUTZERS IM ZUSAMMENHANG MIT DEM DATENZUGRIFF
   SOWIE DAS RECHT AUF KORREKTUR UND LÖSCHUNG SEINER DATEN

   a) Rechte des Nutzers
   In Übereinstimmung mit den für die Gesellschaft geltenden Gesetzen hat
   der Nutzer folgende Möglichkeiten:
   • Er kann der Verarbeitung seiner Daten im Rahmen der von der
   Gesellschaft bereitgestellten Dienste aus Gründen, die mit seiner
   persönlichen Situation zusammenhängen, jederzeit widersprechen,
   • Er kann der Verarbeitung der Daten zu Werbezwecken jederzeit
   widersprechen,
   • Er kann der Übermittlung der Daten an Dritte widersprechen und auf
   alle seine Daten zugreifen, die im Rahmen der von der Gesellschaft
   bereitgestellten Dienste verarbeitet werden,
   • Er kann seine Daten, die im Rahmen der von der Gesellschaft
   bereitgestellten Dienste verarbeitet werden, korrigieren, aktualisieren
   und löschen,
   • Vorbehaltlich des Nachweises seiner Identität gegenüber der
   Gesellschaft und soweit technisch möglich, kann er die Übertragbarkeit
   der der Gesellschaft zur Verfügung gestellten personenbezogenen Daten
   verlangen. (Hierbei gilt, dass von der Gesellschaft durchgeführten
   Analysen dieser Daten, ausdrücklich nicht zu Daten gehören, die der
   Gesellschaft zur Verfügung gestellt wurden),
   • Er kann der Gesellschaft Anweisungen geben, wie sie seine Daten nach
   seinem Tod verwenden soll.
   Übt der Nutzer sein Widerspruchsrecht aus, stellt die Gesellschaft die
   Verarbeitung seiner Daten ein, außer bei berechtigten und zwingenden
   Gründen für die Verarbeitung oder um die Feststellung, die Ausübung
   oder die Verteidigung seiner Rechte vor Gericht in Übereinstimmung mit
   der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung sicherzustellen. Gegebenenfalls
   informiert die Gesellschaft den Nutzer darüber, warum die von ihm
   ausgeübten Rechte ganz oder teilweise nicht erfüllt werden können.

   b) Bedingungen für die Ausübung der Nutzerrrechte
   Zur Ausübung seiner Rechte muss der Nutzer lediglich einen einfachen
   Brief an die Gesellschaft senden (s. Adresse in Artikel 1.2 dieser
   Nutzungsbedingungen) oder sich über die Rubrik „Kontakt“ an die
   Gesellschaft wenden und seiner Anfrage gemäß Kapitel III der
   Datenschutz-Grundverordnung einen Identitätsnachweis beifügen (unter
   Angabe von Nachnamen, Vornamen, E-Mail-Adresse).

   10.3 SICHERHEIT UND ARCHIVIERUNG DER PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN DES
   NUTZERS

   Die Gesellschaft sammelt und behandelt die Daten mit größter
   Vertraulichkeit und Sicherheit und in Übereinstimmung mit den für die
   Gesellschaft geltenden Gesetzen.
   Die Gesellschaft verpflichtet sich, alle angemessenen Maßnahmen zu
   ergreifen, um die von ihr gesammelten und verarbeiteten Daten der
   Nutzer ihrer Website und/oder App und der entsprechenden Dienste zu
   sichern und zu schützen (insbesondere durch Firewalls, physische
   Zugangskontrollen zu Rechenzentren, Berechtigungen usw.).

   10.4 BEILEGUNG VON STREITIGKEITEN ÜBER DIE DATENVERARBEITUNG

   Im Falle von Streitigkeiten zwischen der Gesellschaft und dem Nutzer,
   die die Datenverarbeitung betreffen, kann der Nutzer bei der
   Gesellschaft eine Beschwerde einreichen, indem er sie unter den in
   Artikel 1.2 der Nutzungsbedingungen angegebenen Kontaktdaten
   kontaktiert. Die Gesellschaft bemüht sich dann, eine zufriedenstellende
   Lösung für den Benutzer zu finden, um die Einhaltung der geltenden
   Vorschriften sicherzustellen.
   In Ermangelung einer Antwort der Gesellschaft oder wenn der Streitfall
   durch den Vorschlag der Gesellschaft nicht gelöst wird, kann der Nutzer
   gemäß den Bestimmungen der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung eine Beschwerde
   bei der französischen nationalen Kommission für Informatik und
   Freiheitsrechte (CNIL) oder der Aufsichtsbehörde des Mitgliedsstaats
   der Europäischen Union einreichen, in dem der Nutzer seinen
   gewöhnlichen Wohnort hat.

   11. NEWSLETTER UND BENACHRICHTIGUNGEN

   Um den Nutzer über Neuigkeiten der Gesellschaft und mögliche Vorteile
   zu informieren, kann dieser auf elektronischem Weg (E-Mails, SMS...)
   Werbung von der Gesellschaft erhalten. Wenn der Nutzer keine Angebote
   und Informationen von der Gesellschaft erhalten möchte, kann er dem
   Versand solcher Angebote und Informationen jederzeit widersprechen,
   indem er dies in seinem Konto im Bereich „Abonnements“ angibt und auf
   den Abmelde-Link am Ende klickt, der am Ende jeder erhaltenen
   elektronischen Mitteilung enthalten ist.
   Bei der Kontoerstellung oder in seinem Konto (Bereich „Abonnements“)
   kann der Nutzer den Versand von Newslettern personalisieren und
   Abonnements für Benachrichtigungen verwalten, die er erhalten möchte.
   Der Nutzer kann aus den verschiedenen Kategorien von Newslettern und
   Benachrichtigungen diejenigen auswählen, die ihn interessieren. Der
   Nutzer kann den Versand von Newslettern und Benachrichtigungen über
   sein Konto jederzeit einstellen.
   Hat der Nutzer keine Auswahl vorgenommen und bei der Erstellung seines
   Kontos keine Einwände erhoben, kann der Nutzer Informationen über
   Neuigkeiten der Gesellschaft sowie Newsletter und Benachrichtigungen
   über Produkte und Dienstleistungen erhalten, die denjenigen ähneln, die
   er bereits auf der Website und/oder in der App angesehen hat.

   12. COOKIES

   Die Gesellschaft verwendet auf ihrer Website und/oder der App Cookies.
   Cookies sind Informationen über die Navigation des Nutzers auf der
   Website und/oder in der App der Gesellschaft, die die Bestimmung der
   von ihm aufgerufenen Seiten sowie des entsprechenden Datums und der
   Uhrzeit ermöglichen. Die Erfassung dieser Informationen durch die
   Gesellschaft ist in den „INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE NUTZUNG VON COOKIES“
   beschrieben. Diese Cookies ermöglichen der Gesellschaft zu keinem
   Zeitpunkt eine persönliche Identifizierung des Benutzers. Die
   Speicherdauer dieser Cookies auf dem Computer des Benutzers beträgt
   maximal dreizehn (13) Monate. Der Nutzer wird darauf hingewiesen, dass
   er das Recht hat, der Speicherung dieser Cookies zu widersprechen,
   insbesondere durch eine entsprechende Konfiguration seines
   Internetbrowsers, die in den „INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE NUTZUNG VON
   COOKIES“ beschrieben ist.

   13. VERWENDUNG VON TRACKING-TECHNOLOGIEN (WEBSITE UND/ODER APP)

   Zur Bereitstellung der Dienste für den Nutzer verwendet die
   Gesellschaft die in diesem Artikel beschriebenen Technologien, über die
   der Nutzer umfassend informiert wird.
   Alle im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung der Dienste, der Website und/oder
   der App erhobenen Daten werden von der Gesellschaft und den in Artikel
   10.1 e) genannten Empfängern innerhalb und außerhalb der Europäischen
   Union verarbeitet, insbesondere zum Zweck der Erbringung und
   Bereitstellung der Dienste, in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des
   französischen Datenschutzgesetzes und der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung.
   Diese Daten werden zu gemäß den folgenden Bestimmungen verarbeitet, um
   ein Tracking der Nutzung von Website und der App zu ermöglichen.
   Indem er auf alle oder einen Teils dieser Dienste zugreift oder diese
   nutzt, erteilt der Nutzer seine uneingeschränkte, vorbehaltlose
   Zustimmung zu diesen verschiedenen Technologien.

   a) Einsatz von Tracking-Technologien auf der Website und in der App
   Die Gesellschaft verwendet:
   • Das Tool OMNITURE ADOBE ANALYTICS (Adobe Systems Incorporated - 345
   Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704 USA), das die Gesellschaft
   über Cookies dabei unterstützt, zu verstehen, wie die Website und die
   App genutzt werden, und ihre Inhalte und Marketingkampagnen zu
   verbessern. Weitere Informationen, wie Sie diese Cookies blockieren
   können, erhalten Sie, wenn Sie hier klicken:
   https://www.adobe.com/fr/privacy/opt-out.html.
   • Das Tool MEDIAMETRIE (70 rue Rivay - 92532 LEVALLOIS CEDEX -
   Frankreich), das den Traffic auf der Website und in der App misst.
   Weitere Informationen, wie Sie diese Cookies blockieren können,
   erhalten Sie, wenn Sie hier klicken:
   http://www.mediametrie.fr/pages/cookies.php?page=194,
   • Die Tools DOUBLECLICK FOR PUBLISHERS und GOOGLE TAG MANAGER von
   GOOGLE (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA), die
   der Verwaltung von Werbung und der Analyse des Nutzerverhaltens auf der
   Website und in der App dienen. Weitere Informationen, wie Sie diese
   Cookies blockieren können, erhalten Sie, wenn Sie hier klicken:
   https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/2839090?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr
   https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=fr
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr≷=fr

   b) Einsatz von Tracking-Technologien in der App
   Die Gesellschaft verwendet:
   • Das Analyseprogramm CRASHLYTICS (1 Kendall Square, Cambridge, MA
   02139, USA). Crashlytics sammelt Daten über die App-Nutzung,
   insbesondere zu Störungen und Systemfehlern. Informationen über das
   verwendete Gerät oder die installierte App-Version sowie andere
   Informationen werden verwendet, um Fehler zu beheben, insbesondere in
   Bezug auf die Soft- und Hardware des Benutzers. In der
   Datenschutzerklärung von Crashlyticser findet der Nutzer weitere
   Informationen zu diesem Thema:
   https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf,
   • Das Programm ACCENGAGE (31, rue du 4 Septembre - 75002 Paris –
   Frankreich) zur Verwaltung und Analyse der Routing-Kampagnen für
   Benachrichtigungen und die Anzeige von In-App-Werbebannern. Weitere
   Informationen zu diesem Thema stehen dem Nutzer in der
   Datenschutzerklärung von ACCENGAGE zur Verfügung:
   https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/,
   • Das Programm FIREBASE (I22 4th St. Suite 1000 (10th Floor), San
   Francisco, CA 94103, USA) für Tracking und Analyse der App-Nutzung. In
   der Datenschutzerklärung von FIREBASE findet der Nutzer weitere
   Informationen zu diesem Thema:
   https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html,
   • Das Programm XAMARIN (1355 Market St, 3rd Floor, San Francisco CA
   94103 - USA), das die Erstellung von Anwendungen mit der
   Programmiersprache C# ermöglicht. In der Datenschutzerklärung von
   XAMARIN findet der Nutzer weitere Informationen zu diesem Thema:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement,
   • Das Programm HOCKEY APP (Microsoft Corporation - One Microsoft Way -
   Redmond, Washington 98052-6399 USA) zur Verbesserung der Dienste und
   Erkennung von Fehlern in der App. In der Datenschutzerklärung von
   HOCKEY APP findet der Nutzer weitere Informationen zu diesem Thema:
   https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
   • Das Programm TUNE (Tune, Inc.2200 Western Avenue, Suite 200 Seattle,
   WA 98121 USA), das ein besseres Verständnis und eine Analyse der
   Leistungsergebnisse der App ermöglicht. In der Datenschutzerklärung von
   TUNE findet der Nutzer weitere Informationen zu diesem Thema:
   https://www.tune.com/resources/data-and-privacy/privacy-policies,

   14. DIE ANMELDUNG ÜBER SOZIALE NETZWERKE (Facebook Connect und Google
   +)

   Anhand der Funktionen Facebook Connect und Verbindung mit Google +
   können Nutzer sich über ihre Konten bei Facebook oder Google + bei der
   App anmelden.
   Wenn sich Nutzer über ihr Konto bei Facebook- oder Google + bei unserer
   Website und/oder App anmelden, kann die Gesellschaft auf bestimmte
   Informationen zugreifen, die Sie auf Facebook oder Google +
   bereitgestellt haben, um ihnen eine personalisierte, gemeinschaftliche
   Erfahrung zu ermöglichen.
   Sie werden gebeten, den Zugriff auf ihre Profildaten (Profil, Kontakte,
   Kontaktdaten...) zu genehmigen und ihre Aktivitäten mit Facebook oder
   Google + zu teilen.
   Der Zugriff der Gesellschaft auf die Daten von Facebook oder Google+
   sowie ihre Nutzung sind eingeschränkt. Insbesondere nutzt die
   Gesellschaft nur die für den Betrieb der App unbedingt notwendigen
   Daten.
   Die App informiert den Nutzer über die verwendeten Daten und deren
   Verwendung, Anzeige, Weitergabe oder Übertragung.
   Wenn der Nutzer mit seinen Anmeldeinformationen für Facebook oder
   Google + bei der Website und/oder der App anmeldet und seine Freunde
   sich ebenfalls mit ihrem Konto bei der Website und/oder der App
   anmelden, wissen sie, dass der Nutzer ein Konto bei der Gesellschaft
   hat, es sei denn, er hat sich entschieden, für seine Freunde auf
   anderen Websites nicht sichtbar zu sein. Der Nutzer kann entscheiden,
   auf welche Art von Informationen seine Freunde zugreifen können, indem
   er sein Konto im Bereich „Apps“ auf der Facebook-Seite einrichtet.

   INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE NUTZUNG VON COOKIES

   Wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen, können Informationen in
   Cookie-Dateien gespeichert werden, die auf Ihrem Computer, Tablet oder
   Mobiltelefon installiert werden.
   Diese Seite erklärt, was Cookies sind, wozu sie dienen und wie sie
   eingestellt werden können.

   1. WAS SIND COOKIES?

   Ein Cookie ist eine Textdatei, die unter Berücksichtigung Ihrer
   Entscheidungen in einem speziellen Bereich auf der Festplatte Ihres
   Endgeräts gespeichert werden kann, wenn Sie mit Ihrer Browsersoftware
   auf einen Online-Dienst zugreifen.
   Eine Cookie-Datei ermöglicht es dem Herausgeber, während der
   Gültigkeitsdauer des Cookies das Endgerät zu identifizieren, auf dem
   sie gespeichert ist.

   2. WOZU DIENEN DIE AUF UNSERER WEBSITE EINGERICHTETEN COOKIES?

   Anhand der auf unserer Website verwendeten Cookies können die vom
   Nutzer besuchten Dienste und Rubriken sowie ganz allgemein sein
   Verhalten bei Besuchen der Website identifiziert werden.
   Diese Informationen sind nützlich, um die Dienste, Inhalte, Angebote
   und Banner, die auf unserer Website angezeigt werden, besser anzupassen
   und Ihre Navigation auf unserer Website zu erleichtern.
   Cookies sind auch für das reibungslose Funktionieren bestimmter Dienste
   oder zur Messung der Besucherzahlen erforderlich.
   Cookies können auch in die Werbebereiche unserer Website integriert
   sein. Einige Informationen, die keine Identifizierung ermöglichen,
   können an Dritte weitergegeben werden, damit diese ihre Inhalte
   anpassen können.

   2.1 Folgendes gilt für die auf unserer Website eingerichteten Cookies:

   Wenn Sie sich bei unserer Website anmelden, können wir unter
   Berücksichtigung Ihrer Entscheidungen verschiedene Cookies auf Ihrem
   Gerät installieren, anhand derer wir den Browser Ihres Geräts
   wiedererkennen, solange die Cookies gültig sind.
   Die von uns eingerichteten Cookies werden unter Berücksichtigung der
   Entscheidungen, die Sie in den Einstellungen des beim Besuch unserer
   Website verwendeten Browsers vorgenommen haben, für die nachfolgend
   beschriebenen Zwecke verwendet.
   Cookies bieten uns folgende Möglichkeiten:
   1. Verbesserung Ihrer Navigation auf unserer Website durch:
   • Anpassung des Layouts unserer Website an die Anzeigeeinstellungen
   Ihres Geräts (verwendete Sprache, Bildschirmauflösung, verwendetes
   Betriebssystem usw.) und die Anzeige- oder Wiedergabehardware und
   -software Ihres Geräts,
   • Speichern der Informationen eines von Ihnen auf unserer Website
   ausgefüllten Formulars (Registrierung oder Anmeldung bei Ihrem Konto)
   bzw. der Informationen zu Produkten, Dienstleistungen oder
   Informationen, die Sie auf unserer Website ausgewählt haben (abonnierte
   Dienste, angesehene Inhalte usw.),
   • Zugang zu persönlichen Bereichen unserer Website (z. B. zu Ihrem
   Konto) durch Zugangsdaten oder Daten, die Sie uns möglicherweise zuvor
   zur Verfügung gestellt haben,
   • Umsetzung von Sicherheitsmaßnahmen.
   2. Verbesserung unserer Dienste:
   Diese Cookies ermöglichen die Erstellung von Statistiken über die
   Häufigkeit und Nutzung der verschiedenen Elemente unserer Website
   (besuchte Rubriken und Inhalte, Click-Stream-Daten....), um unsere
   Dienste interessanter und benutzerfreundlicher zu machen.
   3. Anpassung der Werbung auf unserer Website durch:
   • Zählen aller auf unserer Werbefläche angezeigten Anzeigen,
   Identifizieren dieser Anzeigen und Zählen der Benutzer, die auf die
   jeweilige Anzeige geklickt haben sowie Erstellen von Statistiken,
   • Anpassung unserer Werbefläche an die Anzeigeeinstellungen Ihres
   Geräts (verwendete Sprache, Auflösung, verwendetes Betriebssystem usw.)
   sowie die verwendete Hard- und Software für Anzeige und Wiedergabe,
   • Anpassung der auf Ihrem Endgerät angezeigten Werbeinhalte an die
   Navigation Ihres Geräts auf unserer Website,
   • Gegebenenfalls Anpassung der auf Ihrem Gerät angezeigten Werbeinhalte
   an die von Ihrem Gerät mit Ihrer vorherigen Zustimmung übermittelten
   Standortdaten,
   • Anpassung der auf Ihrem Gerät angezeigten Werbeinhalte an die von
   Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellten personenbezogenen Daten.

   2.2. Cookies, die von Dritten auf unserer Website gesetzt werden:

   Cookies von Drittanbietern, die für deren Einrichtung und Verwendung
   allein verantwortlich sind, unterliegen den Datenschutzrichtlinien
   dieser Drittanbieter. Wir informieren Sie über den Zweck der uns
   bekannten Cookies und die Möglichkeiten, die Ihnen diese Drittanbieter
   zur Verfügung stellen, um Entscheidungen in Bezug auf diese Cookies zu
   treffen.
   Sie können die Rechte ausüben, über die Sie nach den geltenden
   Vorschriften verfügen, oder Ihre Beschwerde direkt an den betreffenden
   Drittanbieter richten.
   a) Drittanwendungen, die in unsere Website integriert sind
   Wir können auf unserer Website/App Computerprogramme („Plugins“) von
   Drittanbietern einrichten, über die Sie Inhalte unserer Website mit
   anderen Personen teilen können oder anderen Personen mitteilen können,
   was Sie sich angesehen haben oder wie Sie die Inhalte unserer
   Website/App bewerten. Dies gilt insbesondere für die Schaltflächen
   „Teilen“ und „Like“ von sozialen Netzwerken wie „Facebook“, „Twitter“,
   „LinkedIn“ etc.
   Das soziale Netzwerk, das eine solche Anwendungsschaltfläche anbietet,
   identifiziert Sie wahrscheinlich über diese Schaltfläche, auch wenn Sie
   diese nicht zum Besuch unserer Website/App verwendet haben. Tatsächlich
   kann diese Art von Anwendungsschaltfläche es dem jeweiligen sozialen
   Netzwerk ermöglichen, Ihr Navigationsverhalten auf unserer Website zu
   verfolgen, einfach weil Ihr Konto im jeweiligen sozialen Netzwerk auf
   Ihrem Gerät aktiviert wurde (offene Sitzung), während Sie auf unserer
   Website surfen.
   Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass soziale Netzwerke Ihre über Plugins
   erkannten Handlungen in Ihren Konten in sozialen Netzwerken
   veröffentlichen, müssen Sie sich von Ihren sozialen Netzwerken
   abmelden, bevor Sie unsere Website/App besuchen.
   b) Drittinhalte, die auf unseren Werbeflächen verbreitet werden
   Werbeinhalte auf unserer Website können Cookies enthalten, die von
   Dritten gesetzt wurden: entweder vom Inserenten, der den betreffenden
   Werbeinhalt erstellt hat, oder von einem Drittanbieter (Werbeagentur,
   Besuchertracking-Unternehmen, Anbieter gezielter Werbung usw.), der ein
   Cookie mit dem Werbeinhalt eines Inserenten verknüpft hat.
   Gegebenenfalls bieten Drittanbieter-Cookies während der
   Gültigkeitsdauer folgende Möglichkeiten:
   • Zählen, wie oft Werbeinhalte angezeigt werden, die über unsere
   Werbeflächen übertragen werden, Identifizierung der angezeigten
   Werbeinhalte und der Anzahl der Nutzer, die auf jede Werbung geklickt
   haben. Diese Informationen dienen der Berechnung der daraus
   resultierenden fälligen Beträge und der Erstellung von Statistiken,
   • Erkennung Ihres Geräts beim anschließenden Besuch einer anderen
   Website oder der Nutzung eines anderen Dienstes, auf der diese
   Inserenten oder Drittanbieter ebenfalls Cookies eingerichtet haben, und
   ggf. Anpassung dieser Websites und Dienste von Drittanbietern oder der
   veröffentlichten Werbeinhalte an die Navigation Ihres Geräts.
   c) Nutzung unserer Werbeflächen durch unsere Werbeabteilung
   Die Werbeflächen unserer Website können auch von unserer internen
   Werbeabteilung verwendet werden, und gegebenenfalls von der
   Werbeabteilung gesetzte Cookies enthalten.
   Durch diese Cookies haben wir während ihrer Gültigkeitsdauer folgende
   Möglichkeiten:
   • Ermittlung der Gesamtzahl der auf unseren Werbeflächen angezeigten
   Annoncen, Identifizierung dieser Anzeigen, ihrer jeweiligen
   Anzeigehäufigkeit, die Anzahl der Benutzer, die auf jede Annonce
   geklickt haben und gegebenenfalls die folgenden Handlungen dieser
   Nutzer auf den Seiten, auf die diese Annoncen verweisen. Diese
   Informationen dienen der Berechnung der Beträge, die den Akteuren der
   Werbevertriebskette (Inserent, Werbeagentur, Werbeabteilung,
   Website/Werbekanal zustehen und der Erstellung von Statistiken,
   • Anpassen der Werbefläche an die Anzeigeeinstellungen Ihres Geräts
   (verwendete Sprache, Bildschirmauflösung, verwendetes Betriebssystem
   usw.) und die Anzeige- oder Wiedergabehardware und Software Ihres
   Geräts,
   • Anpassen der auf Ihrem Gerät über unsere Werbeflächen angezeigten
   Werbeinhalte entsprechend der Navigation Ihres Geräts auf unserer
   Website,
   • Anpassen der auf Ihrem Gerät über unsere Werbeflächen angezeigten
   Werbeinhalte an die vorherige oder zukünftige Navigation Ihres Geräts
   auf Websites von Drittanbietern, auf denen die Werbeabteilung ebenfalls
   Cookies gesetzt hat, sofern diese Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gemäß Ihren
   Entscheidungen der Werbeabteilung gegenüber gespeichert wurden,
   • Abstimmung der auf Ihrem Gerät über unsere Werbeflächen angezeigten
   Werbeinhalte auf die Standortdaten (Längen- und Breitengrad), die das
   Gerät mit Ihrer vorherigen Zustimmung übermittelt,
   • Abstimmung der auf Ihrem Gerät in unseren Werbeflächen angezeigten
   Werbeinhalte auf die von Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellten
   personenbezogenen Daten.

   3. GÜLTIGKEITSDAUER DER COOKIES

   Die von uns gesetzten Cookies sind für eine Gültigkeitsdauer von 13
   (dreizehn) Monaten konfiguriert.

   4. IHRE ENTSCHEIDUNGEN IM ZUSAMMENHANG MIT COOKIES

   Sie haben mehrere Möglichkeiten zur Verwaltung von Cookies. Alle von
   Ihnen vorgenommenen Einstellungen können sich auf Ihre Navigation im
   Internet und auf unserer Website sowie auf Ihren Zugang zu bestimmten
   Diensten auswirken, die die Verwendung von Cookies erfordern.
   Wenn Sie das Speichern von Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät nicht akzeptieren
   oder gespeicherte Cookies löschen, können Sie einige Funktionen nicht
   mehr nutzen, die für den Besuch bestimmter Bereiche unserer Website
   erforderlich sind.
   Dies wäre beispielsweise der Fall, wenn Sie versuchen, auf Inhalte oder
   Dienste zuzugreifen, die eine Anmeldung erfordern.
   Dies wäre auch der Fall, wenn wir -oder unsere Dienstleister- den von
   Ihrem Gerät verwendeten Browsertyp, dessen Sprach- und
   Anzeigeeinstellungen oder das Land, aus dem Ihr Gerät mit dem Internet
   verbunden ist, nicht erkennen könnten. Diese Informationen könnten aus
   Gründen der technischen Kompatibilität erforderlich sein.
   Gegebenenfalls lehnen wir jede Verantwortung für die Folgen ab, die
   sich aus der Unmöglichkeit ergeben, die für das Funktionieren unserer
   Dienste erforderlichen Cookies zu speichern oder abzurufen, da Sie
   diese abgelehnt oder gelöscht haben.
   Sie können Ihre Entscheidungen im Zusammenhang mit Cookies jederzeit
   mit den unten beschriebenen Mitteln äußern und ändern.

   4.1. Ablehnen eines Cookies über Ihre Browser-Software

   Sie können Ihre Browsersoftware entweder so einstellen, dass Cookies
   auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert werden, oder so, dass Cookies (systematisch
   oder abhängig vom Urheber) abgelehnt werden. Sie können Ihre
   Browsersoftware auch so konfigurieren, dass Ihnen die Möglichkeit
   geboten wird, Cookies von Zeit zu Zeit anzunehmen oder abzulehnen,
   bevor ein Cookie auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert kann.
   Die Konfiguration zur Verwaltung von Cookies und Ihre Auswahl ist
   abhängig vom Browser. Sie ist im Hilfemenü Ihres Browsers beschrieben,
   in dem Sie herausfinden können, wie Sie Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen
   ändern können.
   Weitere Informationen:
   http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/les-cookies/conseils-aux-inter
   nautes/
   Beispiel:
   Internet Explorer:
   http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
   Firefox :
   https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies?redirectlo
   cale=fr&redirectslug=Activer+et+d%C3%A9sactiver+les+cookies
   Safari : https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/fr-ww/cookies/
   Google Chrome :
   https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=fr&hlrm=en
   Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
   Etc … „Flash-Cookies“© von „Adobe Flash Player“™
   „Adobe Flash Player“™ ist eine Computeranwendung, die durch die Sprache
   „Flash“ eine schnelle Entwicklung dynamischer Inhalte ermöglicht. Flash
   und andere Anwendungen des gleichen Typs speichern Einstellungen,
   Benutzereinstellungen und die Nutzung dieser Inhalte durch eine
   Technologie, die der von Cookies sehr ähnlich ist. Der „Adobe Flash
   Player“™ verwaltet diese Informationen und Ihre Auswahl jedoch nicht
   über Ihre Browsersoftware, sondern über eine andere Benutzeroberfläche.
   Da Ihr Gerät möglicherweise mit Flash entwickelte Inhalte anzeigen
   kann, bitten wir Sie, die entsprechenden Einstellungen zur Verwaltung
   von Flash-Cookies direkt in folgendem Fenster vorzunehmen:
   http://www.adobe.com/fr/support/flashplayer/ts/documents/52697ee8.htm

   4.2. Ablehnen eines Werbe-Cookies

   Sie können die Verwendung und Nutzung dieser Cookies über die Plattform
   zur Verwaltung von Werbe-Cookies steuern, die von Werbeagenturen
   angeboten wird:
   http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/controler-ses-cookies/. Folgen Sie
   einfach den Anweisungen. Hier werden Sie über die auf dieser Plattform
   registrierten Unternehmen informiert, die Ihnen die Möglichkeit bieten,
   die verwendeten Cookies abzulehnen oder sie zu akzeptieren, um
   angezeigte Werbeinhalte an Ihre Navigationsinformationen anzupassen.

   4.3. Ablehnen eines von einem sozialen Netzwerk gesetzten Cookies

   Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass unsere Website Cookies von sozialen
   Netzwerken speichert, können Sie auf folgende Deaktivierungslinks
   klicken. Dadurch wird in Ihrem Browser ein Cookie gespeichert, das
   ausschließlich dazu dient, solche Cookies zu deaktivieren. Durch die
   Deaktivierung dieser Cookies wird natürlich jede Interaktion mit dem
   bzw. den betreffenden sozialen Netzwerk(en) verhindert:
   • FACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/help/360595310676682/
   • TWITTER:
   https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171379-twitter-prend-en-charge-l
   a-desactivation-du-suivi-dnt#
   • GOOGLE +: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   • LINKEDIN: http://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
   • YAHOO: https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/cookies/
   • YOUTUBE: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
   Weitere Informationen über Cookies
   https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-les-outils-pour-les-maitriser

     * Start
     * • ALLGEMEINE NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN

   ;

   [X]
   [X] Luxus-Appartement
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Paris
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Bordeaux
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Cannes
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Nice

     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Montpellier
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Aix-en-Provence
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Marseille

     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Lyon
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Toulouse
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Uccle
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Haus und Luxus-Villa
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Paris
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Bordeaux
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Cannes
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Nice

     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Montpellier
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Aix-en-Provence
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Mougins
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Uzès

     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Toulouse
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Deauville
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Uccle
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxus-Objekt
     * Luxusimmobilien Uccle
     * Luxusimmobilien Knokke-Heist
     * Luxusimmobilien Ixelles
     * Luxusimmobilien Knokke

     * Luxusimmobilien Anvers
     * Luxusimmobilien Rhode-St-Genèse
     * Luxusimmobilien Paris
     * Luxusimmobilien Bordeaux

     * Luxusimmobilien Cannes
     * Luxusimmobilien Nice
     * Luxusimmobilien Montpellier
     * Luxusimmobilien Aix-en-Provence

   [ ]
   Luxus-Objekte aktuell

   Exklusive Standorte, anspruchsvolle Events auf dem Luxus-Markt -
   bleiben Sie auf dem Laufenden.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Ihre E-Mail-Adresse wird ausschließlich verwendet, um Ihnen die
   Newsletter von Belles Demeures zuzusenden. Sie können jederzeit den im
   Newsletter integrierten Abmeldelink benutzen. Mehr über die Verwaltung
   Ihrer Daten und Ihrer Rechte erfahren

   [ ] Unsere Anwendungen

   Belle Demeures stellt Ihnen eine App für iPhone & iPad bereit. Nur in
   Frankreich verfügbar.
   Apple Store
   Entdecken
     * [ ] Frankreich
          + Luxusimmobilien
          + Alle Städte
          + Alle Departements
          + Alle Regionen
          + Alle Angebote
     * [ ] Belgien
          + Luxusimmobilien
          + Alle Gemeindesektionen
          + Alle Gemeinden
          + Alle Arrondissements
          + Alle Provinzen
          + Alle Angebote

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Internationale Website
               o Internationale Website
               o Belgische Website
          + Über uns
          + Unser Angebot
          + Uns kontaktieren
          + ANB - Datenschutzrichtlinie
          + Funktionsweise unserer Website

   [ ] Uns folgen

   [ ] Unsere Angebote
     * Immobilien in Frankreich
     * Neubau
     * Immobilienexperten
     * Preis pro m² und Immobilienbewertung
     * Ihr Haus bauen
     * Büro- und Geschäftsräume
     * Ferienwohnungen
     * Webmarketing Immobilien
     * Immobilien in Belgien
     * Saisonvermietung

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Meine Favoriten
     * Sie haben keine Anzeige unter Ihren Favoriten.
       Klicken Sie auf das Symbol
       auf einer Anzeige, um sie Ihrer Liste hinzuzufügen.

   [ ] Deutsch
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Kaufen
       ( ) Exklusive Objekte
          + Luxus-Haus
          + Luxus-Appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Fläche
          + Schloss
          + Bürgerhaus
       (*) Beliebte Städte
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Alle zum Kauf angebotenen Anwesen
     * ( ) Mieten
       ( ) Exklusive Objekte
          + Luxus-Haus
          + Luxus-Appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Fläche
          + Schloss
          + Bürgerhaus
       (*) Beliebte Städte
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       Alle zur Miete angebotenen Anwesen
     * Ferien
     * ( ) Regionen
       ( ) In Frankreich
          + Anwesen in Frankreich
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse-Normandie
          + Bourgogne
          + Bretagne
          + Centre
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Collectivités d'Outre-Mer
          + Corse
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Départements d'Outre-Mer
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute-Normandie
          + Île-de-France
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord-Pas-de-Calais
          + Pays de la Loire
          + Picardie
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) In Belgien
          + Objekte in Belgien
          + Bruxelles-Capitale - Brussel-Hoofdstad
          + West-Vlaanderen
          + Vlaams-Brabant
          + Antwerpen
          + Brabant wallon
          + Oost-Vlaanderen
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) Weltweit
          + Anwesen weltweit
          + Portugal
          + Grèce
          + Espagne
          + Maroc
          + Suisse
          + États-Unis
          + Italie
          + Maurice
          + Pays-Bas
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + Émirats arabes unis
     * ( ) Magazin
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Das Magazin durchblächtern
     * ( ) Die Agenturen
       (*) Die besten Spezialisten für Luxusimmobilien
          + Französisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Englisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Spanisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Niederländisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Italienisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Deutsch sprechende Agenturen
          + Russisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Portugiesisch sprechende Agenturen
       Den richtigen Spezialisten finden

Verfeinern Sie Ihre Suche

   Zurücksetzen
   [ ] Kaufen
     * Kaufen
     * Mieten
     * Ferienwohnung

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Suchen
   Meine Suche verfeinern
   Einen Alert erstellen

   Einen Alert erstellen

   31892 Exklusive Objekte

luxus

   Sortieren
   [ ] Auswahl
     * Auswahl
     * Preise in absteigender Reihenfolge
     * Preise in aufsteigender Reihenfolge
     * Veröffentlichungsdatum
     * Größe in absteigender Reihenfolge
     * Größe in aufsteigender Reihenfolge

   [ ] Unsere Einstufungsregeln

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 85 m², 4 Zimmer, Paris 11ème.
     * 9

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 85 m² Paris 11ème

   3.100 €

   3 schlafzimmer

   Diese möbliert apartmentvon 85 m², im 5 Stockwerke besteht aus 4
   Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer, 1 Badezimmer und 1 WC. Sie ist mit
   Ineinem Wohnzimmer und mit einer Separaten Küche versehen. Die Wohnung
   liegt im 2. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Heizung : Individualheizung.
   Anderes : Parkett.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 100 m², 4 Zimmer, Paris 13ème.
     * 10

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 100 m² Paris 13ème

   3.135 €

   3 schlafzimmer 2 Terrasse 1 Parkplatz

   Diese möbliert apartment (Apartment) von 100 m², in 2002 gebaut
   Maisonettewohnung, im 5 Stockwerke besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 3
   Schlafzimmer und 2 Badezimmer. Sie ist mit Ineinem Wohnzimmer, mit
   einer Keineen Küche, mit einer Terrasse und mit einem Parkplatz
   versehen. Die Wohnung liegt im 5. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Heizung :
   Individualheizung.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 275 m², 5 Zimmer, Uccle.
     * 27

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 5 Zimmer • 275 m² Uccle

   7.500 €

   3 schlafzimmer Schwimmbad Terrasse

   Ruhige Umgebung, mit Süd Ausrichtung : diese möbliert apartmentvon 275
   m², in 1980 gebaut besteht aus 5 Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer, 2
   Badezimmer und 3 WC. Sie ist mit Ineinem Wohnzimmer, mit , mit einem
   Swimmbecken, mit einer Terrasse, mit einer Garage und mit einer Keller
   versehen. Anderes : Wechselsprechanlage.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 220 m², 4 Zimmer, Uccle.
     * 22

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 220 m² Uccle

   3.395 €

   3 schlafzimmer Terrasse

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese apartmentvon 220 m², in 2014 gebaut, im 3
   Stockwerke besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer und 2
   Badezimmer. Sie ist mit Ineinem Wohnzimmer, mit ein esszimmer, mit ,
   mit einer Terrasse, mit 3 Garagen und mit einer Keller versehen. Die
   Wohnung liegt im 3. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Anderes :
   Wechselsprechanlage, Wachdienst.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 215 m², 5 Zimmer, Bruxelles ville.
     * 10

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 5 Zimmer • 215 m² Bruxelles ville

   3.330 €

   4 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese apartmentvon 215 m², in 1960 gebaut, im 9
   Stockwerke besteht aus 5 Zimmern , darunter 4 Schlafzimmer, 2
   Badezimmer und 2 WC. Sie besitzt Ineinem Wohnzimmer, , 2 Garagen und
   einer Keller. Die Wohnung liegt im 1. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Heizung
   : Gas. Anderes : Wechselsprechanlage.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 140 m², 4 Zimmer, Bruxelles ville.
     * 11

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 140 m² Bruxelles ville

   2.750 €

   3 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese möbliert apartmentvon 140 m², im 4 Stockwerke
   besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer und 2 Badezimmer. Sie
   ist mit Ineinem Wohnzimmer, mit , mit 2 Garagen und mit einer Keller
   ausgestattet. Heizung : Elektrisch. Anderes : Parkett.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 16 Zimmer, Anvers 1.
     * 13

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 16 Zimmer Anvers 1

   9.000 €

   15 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese apartment besteht aus 16 Zimmern , darunter 15
   Schlafzimmer. Sie besitzt Ineinem Wohnzimmer und eine Keinee Küche.
   Heizung : Gas.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 220 m², 4 Zimmer, Ixelles.
     * 20

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 220 m² Ixelles

   4.200 €

   3 schlafzimmer Terrasse

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese apartmentvon 220 m², in 2018 gebaut, im 5
   Stockwerke besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer, 1
   Badezimmer und 1 WC. Sie ist mit einer Keineen Küche, mit einer
   Terrasse, mit 2 Garagen und mit einer Keller versehen. Die Wohnung
   liegt im 1. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Heizung : Gas. Anderes : Parkett.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 96 m², 3 Zimmer, Ixelles.
     * 8

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 3 Zimmer • 96 m² Ixelles

   2.900 €

   2 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese möbliert apartmentvon 96 m², im 7 Stockwerke
   besteht aus 3 Zimmern , darunter 2 Schlafzimmer und 1 Badezimmer. Sie
   besitzt Ineinem Wohnzimmer, eine Amerikanische Küche, einer Garage und
   einer Keller. Die Wohnung liegt im 2. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Anderes
   : Wechselsprechanlage, Parkett.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 164 m², 4 Zimmer, Ixelles.
     * 12

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 164 m² Ixelles

   2.850 €

   3 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese apartmentvon 164 m², in 1900 gebaut, im 7
   Stockwerke besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer, 1
   Badezimmer und 3 WC. Sie ist mit einer Keineen Küche, mit einer Garage
   und mit einer Keller ausgestattet. Die Wohnung liegt im 4. Stockwerk
   mit einem Lift.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 152 m², 6 Zimmer, Paris 6ème.
     * 19

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 6 Zimmer • 152 m² Paris 6ème

   7.200 €

   4 schlafzimmer Terrasse 1 Balkon 1 Parkplatz

   Ruhige Umgebung, Schöne Sicht : diese neue apartmentvon 152 m²
   Maisonettewohnung besteht aus 6 Zimmern , darunter 4 Schlafzimmer, 1
   Badezimmer und 2 WC. Sie besitzt Ineinem Wohnzimmer, eine Separate
   Küche, een balkon, einer Terrasse, einer Keller und einem Parkplatz.
   Die Wohnung liegt im 4. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Anderes :
   Zugangscode, Wachdienst, Parkett.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 185 m², 4 Zimmer, Ixelles.
     * 19

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 185 m² Ixelles

   2.750 €

   3 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, mit Süd-West Ausrichtung : diese apartmentvon 185 m²,
   in 1930 gebaut, im 4 Stockwerke besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 3
   Schlafzimmer, 2 Badezimmer und 3 WC. Sie ist mit Ineinem Wohnzimmer,
   mit und mit einer Keller versehen. Anderes : Wechselsprechanlage.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 173 m², 4 Zimmer, Paris 6ème.
     * 12

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 173 m² Paris 6ème

   5.050 €

   2 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, mit Ost-West Ausrichtung : diese apartmentvon 173 m²
   besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 2 Schlafzimmer, 1 Badezimmer und 2 WC.
   Sie ist mit Ineinem Wohnzimmer von 60 m², mit einer Keineen Küche und
   mit einer Keller ausgestattet. Die Wohnung liegt im 1. Stockwerk mit
   einem Lift. Heizung : Gas-Individualheizung. Anderes :
   Wechselsprechanlage, Zugangscode, Wachdienst, Parkett, Schornstein,
   Kabelfernsehen.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 83 m², 4 Zimmer, Mykonos Neochori- Mylous.
     * 12

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 83 m² Mykonos Neochori- Mylous

   20.000 €

   3 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese möbliert apartmentvon 83 m², in 1985 gebaut, im
   2 Stockwerke besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer und 1
   Badezimmer. Sie ist mit Ineinem Wohnzimmer und mit ausgestattet. Die
   Wohnung liegt im 1. Stockwerk.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 184 m², 4 Zimmer, Uccle.
     * 12

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 184 m² Uccle

   3.520 €

   3 schlafzimmer Terrasse

   Ruhige Umgebung, diese apartmentvon 184 m², in 2006 gebaut, im 4
   Stockwerke besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer, 2
   Badezimmer und 2 WC. Sie ist mit Ineinem Wohnzimmer, mit , mit einer
   Terrasse, mit einer Garage und mit einer Keller ausgestattet. Heizung :
   Gas. Anderes : Wechselsprechanlage, Wachdienst.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Exklusivität Vermietung, Apartment, 141 m², 5 Zimmer, Paris 17ème.
     * 29

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 5 Zimmer • 141,15 m² Paris 17ème

   7.500 €

   3 schlafzimmer 2 Terrasse

   Ruhige Umgebung, Schöne Sicht und Süd-Ost-West Ausrichtung : diese
   möbliert apartmentvon 141,15 m², in 2006 gebaut besteht aus 5 Zimmern ,
   darunter 3 Schlafzimmer, 1 Badezimmer und 1 WC. Sie besitzt Ineinem
   Wohnzimmer von 46,5 m², eine Separate Küche und einer Terrasse. Die
   Wohnung liegt im 4. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Heizung : Elektrisch.
   Anderes : Zugangscode.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 165 m², 5 Zimmer, Saint-Germain-en-Laye.
     * 12

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 5 Zimmer • 165 m² Saint-Germain-en-Laye

   4.550 €

   3 schlafzimmer

   Diese apartmentvon 165 m² besteht aus 5 Zimmern , darunter 3
   Schlafzimmer und 1 Badezimmer. Sie besitzt Ineinem Wohnzimmer, ein
   esszimmer, eine Keinee Küche, einer Garage und einer Keller. Die
   Wohnung liegt im 1. Stockwerk. Heizung : Gas-Individualheizung
   Heizkörper. Anderes : Schornstein.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 100 m², 3 Zimmer, Bruxelles ville.
     * 10

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 3 Zimmer • 100 m² Bruxelles ville

   2.650 €

   2 schlafzimmer Terrasse

   Ruhige Umgebung, Schöne Sicht : diese apartmentvon 100 m², in 2018
   gebaut, im 9 Stockwerke besteht aus 3 Zimmern , darunter 2
   Schlafzimmer, 1 Badezimmer und 2 WC. Sie besitzt Ineinem Wohnzimmer,
   ein esszimmer, , einer Terrasse und einer Keller. Die Wohnung liegt im
   9. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Anderes : Wechselsprechanlage.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 88 m², 4 Zimmer, Paris 16ème.
     * 16

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 4 Zimmer • 88 m² Paris 16ème

   3.600 €

   2 schlafzimmer

   Ruhige Umgebung, Schöne Sicht : diese möbliert apartmentvon 88 m², in
   1900 gebaut, im 6 Stockwerke besteht aus 4 Zimmern , darunter 2
   Schlafzimmer, 1 Badezimmer und 1 WC. Sie besitzt ein esszimmer und eine
   Keinee Küche. Die Wohnung liegt im 4. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Heizung
   : Gas-Individualheizung. Anderes : Wechselsprechanlage, Zugangscode,
   Wachdienst.

   [ ]

   Leider ist die Zahl an Favoriten begrenzt auf
   Vermietung, Apartment, 160 m², 6 Zimmer, Paris 4ème.
     * 13

   Objekt anzeigen
   Telefon
   Kontakt
   Nachricht gesendet am

Apartment 6 Zimmer • 160 m² Paris 4ème

   5.900 €

   3 schlafzimmer

   Schöne Sicht : diese apartmentvon 160 m², in 1800 gebaut besteht aus 6
   Zimmern , darunter 3 Schlafzimmer, 2 Badezimmer und 1 WC. Sie besitzt
   Ineinem Wohnzimmer, eine Keinee Küche und einer Keller. Neu gemacht, es
   liegt im 4. Stockwerk mit einem Lift. Anderes : Zugangscode.

   [X]
   [X] Luxus-Appartement
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Paris
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Bordeaux
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Cannes
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Nice

     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Montpellier
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Aix-en-Provence
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Marseille

     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Lyon
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Toulouse
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Uccle
     * Verkauf Luxusappartement Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Haus und Luxus-Villa
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Paris
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Bordeaux
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Cannes
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Nice

     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Montpellier
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Aix-en-Provence
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Mougins
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Uzès

     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Toulouse
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Deauville
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Uccle
     * Verkauf Luxushäuser und Luxusvillen Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Luxus-Objekt
     * Luxusimmobilien Uccle
     * Luxusimmobilien Knokke-Heist
     * Luxusimmobilien Ixelles
     * Luxusimmobilien Knokke

     * Luxusimmobilien Anvers
     * Luxusimmobilien Rhode-St-Genèse
     * Luxusimmobilien Paris
     * Luxusimmobilien Bordeaux

     * Luxusimmobilien Cannes
     * Luxusimmobilien Nice
     * Luxusimmobilien Montpellier
     * Luxusimmobilien Aix-en-Provence

     * 0
     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Letzte Seite
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 1595
     *

   Diese Anzeige wurde Ihren Favoriten hinzugefügt

    1. Empfang

     Espagne

   [ ]
   Luxus-Objekte aktuell

   Exklusive Standorte, anspruchsvolle Events auf dem Luxus-Markt -
   bleiben Sie auf dem Laufenden.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Ihre E-Mail-Adresse wird ausschließlich verwendet, um Ihnen die
   Newsletter von Belles Demeures zuzusenden. Sie können jederzeit den im
   Newsletter integrierten Abmeldelink benutzen. Mehr über die Verwaltung
   Ihrer Daten und Ihrer Rechte erfahren

   [ ] Unsere Anwendungen

   Belle Demeures stellt Ihnen eine App für iPhone & iPad bereit. Nur in
   Frankreich verfügbar.
   Apple Store
   Entdecken
     * [ ] Frankreich
          + Luxusimmobilien
          + Alle Städte
          + Alle Departements
          + Alle Regionen
          + Alle Angebote
     * [ ] Belgien
          + Luxusimmobilien
          + Alle Gemeindesektionen
          + Alle Gemeinden
          + Alle Arrondissements
          + Alle Provinzen
          + Alle Angebote

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Internationale Website
               o Internationale Website
               o Belgische Website
          + Über uns
          + Unser Angebot
          + Uns kontaktieren
          + ANB - Datenschutzrichtlinie
          + Funktionsweise unserer Website

   [ ] Uns folgen

   [ ] Unsere Angebote
     * Immobilien in Frankreich
     * Neubau
     * Immobilienexperten
     * Preis pro m² und Immobilienbewertung
     * Ihr Haus bauen
     * Büro- und Geschäftsräume
     * Ferienwohnungen
     * Webmarketing Immobilien
     * Immobilien in Belgien
     * Saisonvermietung

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate next

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Meine Favoriten
     * Sie haben keine Anzeige unter Ihren Favoriten.
       Klicken Sie auf das Symbol
       auf einer Anzeige, um sie Ihrer Liste hinzuzufügen.

   [ ] Deutsch
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Kaufen
       ( ) Exklusive Objekte
          + Luxus-Haus
          + Luxus-Appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Fläche
          + Schloss
          + Bürgerhaus
       (*) Beliebte Städte
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Alle zum Kauf angebotenen Anwesen
     * ( ) Mieten
       ( ) Exklusive Objekte
          + Luxus-Haus
          + Luxus-Appartement
          + Loft • Atelier • Fläche
          + Schloss
          + Bürgerhaus
       (*) Beliebte Städte
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       Alle zur Miete angebotenen Anwesen
     * Ferien
     * ( ) Regionen
       ( ) In Frankreich
          + Anwesen in Frankreich
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse-Normandie
          + Bourgogne
          + Bretagne
          + Centre
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Collectivités d'Outre-Mer
          + Corse
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Départements d'Outre-Mer
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute-Normandie
          + Île-de-France
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord-Pas-de-Calais
          + Pays de la Loire
          + Picardie
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) In Belgien
          + Objekte in Belgien
          + Bruxelles-Capitale - Brussel-Hoofdstad
          + West-Vlaanderen
          + Vlaams-Brabant
          + Antwerpen
          + Brabant wallon
          + Oost-Vlaanderen
          + Limburg
          + Liège
          + Hainaut
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) Weltweit
          + Anwesen weltweit
          + Portugal
          + Grèce
          + Espagne
          + Maroc
          + Suisse
          + États-Unis
          + Italie
          + Maurice
          + Pays-Bas
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + Émirats arabes unis
     * ( ) Magazin
          + [javascript] Lifestyle
          + [javascript] Uniques proprieties
          + [javascript] Interior Design
       Das Magazin durchblächtern
     * ( ) Die Agenturen
       (*) Die besten Spezialisten für Luxusimmobilien
          + Französisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Englisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Spanisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Niederländisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Italienisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Deutsch sprechende Agenturen
          + Russisch sprechende Agenturen
          + Portugiesisch sprechende Agenturen
       Den richtigen Spezialisten finden

   Ihre Suche verfeinern
   ____________________
   Suchen

   Verfeinern

2192 Agenturen, die Sie bei Ihrer Suche begleiten können France

   Sortieren
   [ ] Auswahl
     * Auswahl
     * Name (A-Z)
     * Name (Z-A)
     * Stadt (A-Z)
     * Stadt (Z-A)

     *
   5 PIECES ET PLUS
       3b rue Louise Michel
       92300 Levallois-Perret
       Website der Agentur
       14 Exklusive Objekte
          +
          +
       Entdecken Sie
       unsere Agentur
     *
   AB KASHA IMMOBILIER À PARIS
       16 rue de l'Universite
       75007 Paris 7ème
       Website der Agentur
       4 Exklusive Objekte
          +
          +
          +
          +
               o
               o
       Entdecken Sie
       unsere Agentur
     *
   ACHETER VENDRE LOUER - MAISONS & APPARTEMENTS
       3 chemin Falourdeau
       78750 Mareil-Marly
       Website der Agentur
       32 Exklusive Objekte
          +
          +
          +
          +
               o
               o
       Entdecken Sie
       unsere Agentur
     *
   AGENCE DE HAVILLAND
       18 RUE GOUNOD
       92210 Saint-Cloud
       Website der Agentur
       26 Exklusive Objekte
          +
          +
       Entdecken Sie
       unsere Agentur
     *
   AGENCE DE VALCROS
       ROND POINT DE VALCROS
       83250 La Londe-les-Maures
       Website der Agentur
       25 Exklusive Objekte
          +
          +
       Entdecken Sie
       unsere Agentur
     *
   AGENCE DES 4 CHEMINS
       233 ROUTE DE CANNES
       06130 Grasse
       Website der Agentur
       2 Exklusive Objekte
       Entdecken Sie
       unsere Agentur
     *
   Agence Des Oliviers
       53 RUE DE LA DIVISION LECLERC
       78460 Chevreuse
       Website der Agentur
       1 Exklusives Objekt
          +
       Entdecken Sie
       unsere Agentur
     *
   AGENCE DU CHATEAU
       6 RUE DE MELUN
       77240 Seine-Port
       5 Exklusive Objekte
       Entdecken Sie
       unsere Agentur

     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * 6
     * 7
     * 8
     * 9
     * 10
     *

   Letzte Seite
     * ____________________
     * /
     * 274
     *

   [ ]
   Luxus-Objekte aktuell

   Exklusive Standorte, anspruchsvolle Events auf dem Luxus-Markt -
   bleiben Sie auf dem Laufenden.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Ihre E-Mail-Adresse wird ausschließlich verwendet, um Ihnen die
   Newsletter von Belles Demeures zuzusenden. Sie können jederzeit den im
   Newsletter integrierten Abmeldelink benutzen. Mehr über die Verwaltung
   Ihrer Daten und Ihrer Rechte erfahren

   [ ] Unsere Anwendungen

   Belle Demeures stellt Ihnen eine App für iPhone & iPad bereit. Nur in
   Frankreich verfügbar.
   Apple Store
   Entdecken
     * [ ] Frankreich
          + Luxusimmobilien
          + Alle Städte
          + Alle Departements
          + Alle Regionen
          + Alle Angebote
     * [ ] Belgien
          + Luxusimmobilien
          + Alle Gemeindesektionen
          + Alle Gemeinden
          + Alle Arrondissements
          + Alle Provinzen
          + Alle Angebote

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Internationale Website
               o Internationale Website
               o Belgische Website
          + Über uns
          + Unser Angebot
          + Uns kontaktieren
          + ANB - Datenschutzrichtlinie
          + Funktionsweise unserer Website

   [ ] Uns folgen

   [ ] Unsere Angebote
     * Immobilien in Frankreich
     * Neubau
     * Immobilienexperten
     * Preis pro m² und Immobilienbewertung
     * Ihr Haus bauen
     * Büro- und Geschäftsräume
     * Ferienwohnungen
     * Webmarketing Immobilien
     * Immobilien in Belgien
     * Saisonvermietung

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   Belles Demeures Finest properties only.
   [ ] Mes favoris
     * Vous n'avez aucune annonce favorite.
       Cliquer sur le symbole
       sur une annonce pour l'ajouter à votre liste.

   [ ] Français
     * Français
     * English
     * Nederlands
     * Deutsch

     * (*) Acheter
       ( ) Biens d'exception
          + Maison luxe
          + Appartement luxe
          + Loft • Atelier • Surface
          + Château
          + Hôtel particulier
       (*) Villes tendances
          + Paris
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
          + Bordeaux
          + Cannes
       Toutes les propriétés à acquérir
     * ( ) Louer
       ( ) Biens d'exception
          + Maison luxe
          + Appartement luxe
          + Loft • Atelier • Surface
          + Château
          + Hôtel particulier
       (*) Villes tendances
          + Paris
          + Neuilly-sur-Seine
          + Marseille
          + Uccle
          + Knokke-Heist
       Toutes les propriétés à louer
     * Vacances
     * ( ) Régions
       ( ) En France
          + Propriétés en France
          + Alpes du Sud
          + Alsace
          + Aquitaine
          + Auvergne
          + Basse-Normandie
          + Bourgogne
          + Bretagne
          + Centre
          + Champagne-Ardenne
          + Collectivités d'Outre-Mer
          + Corse
          + Côte d'Azur
          + Départements d'Outre-Mer
          + Franche-Comté
          + Haute-Normandie
          + Île-de-France
          + La Provence
          + Languedoc-Roussillon
          + Limousin
          + Lorraine
          + Midi-Pyrénées
          + Nord-Pas-de-Calais
          + Pays de la Loire
          + Picardie
          + Poitou-Charentes
          + Rhône-Alpes
       ( ) En Belgique
          + Propriétés en Belgique
          + Bruxelles-Capitale
          + Flandre-Occidentale
          + Brabant flamand
          + Anvers
          + Brabant wallon
          + Flandre orientale
          + Limbourg
          + Hainaut
          + Liège
          + Namur
          + Luxembourg
       (*) Dans le monde
          + Propriétés dans le monde
          + Portugal
          + Grèce
          + Espagne
          + Suisse
          + Maroc
          + États-Unis
          + Italie
          + Maurice
          + Pays-Bas
          + Monaco
          + Luxembourg
          + Émirats arabes unis
     * ( ) Magazine
          + [javascript] Art de vivre
          + [javascript] Bien d'exception
          + [javascript] Architecture d'intérieur
          + [javascript] Droit & fiscalité
       Feuilleter le magazine
     * ( ) Les agences
       (*) Les meilleurs spécialistes du luxe
          + Agences parlant français
          + Agences parlant anglais
          + Agences parlant espagnol
          + Agences parlant néerlandais
          + Agences parlant italien
          + Agences parlant allemand
          + Agences parlant russe
          + Agences parlant portugais
       Trouver le bon spécialiste

Trouvez la propriété de luxe de vos rêves

   Réinitialiser
   [ ] Acheter
     * Acheter
     * Louer
     * Location vacances

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Rechercher
   Préciser ma recherche
   Créer une alerte

   Créer une alerte

     * maison Les Ecarts (France)
     * appartement Muette Nord (France)
     * maison Bonifacio (France)
     * maison Lège-Cap-Ferret (France)
     * chateau Saint-Geniès (France)
     * maison Porto-Vecchio (France)

   Inspirations

   La Riviera les pieds dans l'eau

   La Riviera les pieds dans l'eau

   494 biens d'exception

   Châteaux et Manoirs en Ile de France

   Châteaux et Manoirs en Ile de France

   53 biens d'exception

   Chalets dans les stations de luxe des Alpes

   Chalets dans les stations de luxe des Alpes

   148 biens d'exception

   Villas et biens d'exception avec piscine en Belgique

   Villas et biens d'exception avec piscine en Belgique

   366 biens d'exception

   Le Golfe de Saint-Tropez

   Le Golfe de Saint-Tropez

   494 biens d'exception

   le magazine

   Art de vivre
   Adresse secrète à Paris : le Musée de la Vie Romantique

   L'exposition « Salons Littéraires », qui se poursuit jusqu'au 15
   septembre 2019, est l'occasion de redécouvrir le Musée de la Vie
   Romantique, à Paris.

   Art de vivre
   Empreintes, l'adresse dédiée aux métiers d'art à Paris

   Les métiers d'art ont une adresse dédiée, à Paris, au cœur de la
   « Marketplace » Empreintes qui met à l'honneur les créations riches de
   sens.

   Biens d'exception
   Investir dans une maison, entre Brasschaat et Anvers

   A mi-chemin entre les villes de Brasschaat et d'Anvers, cette maison
   familiale donne envie d'investir sur le long terme pour se mettre au
   vert.

   Art de vivre
   Maison de collectionneurs, le musée Lambinet dévoile ses trésors cachés

   À Versailles, le musée Lambinet dévoilera ses trésors cachés, dans
   l'espace Richaud, au cœur de l’ancien hôpital royal, du 20 septembre au
   17 novembre 2019.
   Feuilleter le magazine

   [X]
   [X] Appartement de luxe
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Paris
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Bordeaux
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Cannes
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Nice

     * Vente Appartement Luxe Aix-en-Provence
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Neuilly-sur-Seine
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Montpellier
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Marseille

     * Vente Appartement Luxe Lyon
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Toulouse
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Uccle
     * Vente Appartement Luxe Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Maison et villa luxe
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Paris
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Bordeaux
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Cannes
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Nice

     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Aix-en-Provence
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Mougins
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Montpellier
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Uzès

     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Toulouse
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Deauville
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Uccle
     * Vente Maison Villa Luxe Knokke-Heist

   [ ] Immobilier luxe
     * Immobilier Luxe Uccle
     * Immobilier Luxe Knokke-Heist
     * Immobilier Luxe Ixelles
     * Immobilier Luxe Knokke

     * Immobilier Luxe Anvers
     * Immobilier Luxe Rhode-St-Genèse
     * Immobilier Luxe Paris
     * Immobilier Luxe Bordeaux

     * Immobilier Luxe Cannes
     * Immobilier Luxe Nice
     * Immobilier Luxe Aix-en-Provence
     * Immobilier Luxe Neuilly-sur-Seine

   [ ]
   Les actualités du luxe

   Lieux exclusifs, évènements prestigieux restez informé du marché du
   luxe.

   ____________________ (BUTTON) OK

   Votre adresse email est uniquement utilisée par Digital Classifieds
   France pour vous envoyer les newsletters de Belles Demeures. Vous
   pouvez à tout moment utiliser le lien de désabonnement intégré dans la
   newsletter. En savoir plus sur la gestion de vos données et vos droits

   [ ] Nos applications

   Belles Demeures met à votre disposition une application dédiée aux
   iPhone & iPad. Disponible en France uniquement.
   Apple store
   À découvrir
     * [ ] France
          + Immobilier Luxe
          + Toutes les villes
          + Tous les départements
          + Toutes les régions
          + Toutes les offres
     * [ ] Belgique
          + Immobilier Luxe
          + Toutes les sections de commune
          + Toutes les Communes
          + Tous les Arrondissements
          + Toutes les Provinces
          + Toutes les offres

   [ ] Belles Demeures
     *
          + [ ] Site international
               o Site international
               o Site belge
          + Qui sommes nous ?
          + Notre offre
          + Nous contacter
          + CGU – Politique de Confidentialité
          + Fonctionnement de notre site

   [ ] Nous suivre

   [ ] Nos offres
     * Immobilier en France
     * Immobilier neuf
     * Professionnels de l’immobilier
     * Prix m² et estimation immobilière
     * Construire votre maison
     * Bureaux et commerces
     * Location Vacances
     * Webmarketing immobilier
     * Immobilier en Belgique
     * Lux Résidence

   © 2019 - BellesDemeures.com
