     * Careers
     * In the news
     * Press releases
     * Login
     * Contact

   One to one marketing
     * What We Do
          + Our Approach
          + Power of Conversant
     * Solutions
          + Personalised marketing
               o CRM Media
               o Media Platform
               o Personalised Video
          + Affiliate marketing
     * Resources
     * Blog
     * About
          + In the News
          + Press Releases
          + Our Management
          + Partners
          + Careers
     * Publishers
          + Benefits
          + Integrations
          + Join Us
          + Login
     *

   ____________________ i

   ____________________ i
     * What We Do
          + Our Approach
          + Power of Conversant
     * Solutions
          + Personalised marketing
               o CRM Media
               o Media Platform
               o Personalised Video
          + Affiliate marketing
     * Resources
     * Blog
     * About
          + In the News
          + Press Releases
          + Our Management
          + Partners
          + Careers
     * Publishers
          + Benefits
          + Integrations
          + Join Us
          + Login
     *

     * Careers
     * In the news
     * Press releases
     * Login
     * Contact

Overview

   Privacy at Conversant

   We believe in providing you with transparency around how we collect,
   use and share the personal data we collect from you. The following
   privacy statements are tailored for the different ways your personal
   data may be collected by Conversant LLC, or any of its subsidiaries,
   including Commission Junction LLC, a Conversant Company (“Conversant,”
   “we,” “us,” or “our”).

   ·       The Services Privacy Policy addresses personal data we may
   collect and use through our services (“Services”), including how we
   collect and use pseudonymous data to enable personalized advertising.

   ·       The Website Privacy Policy addresses what data we may collect
   and use on our websites and from our clients.

   ·       The Recruiting Privacy Policy addresses information we may
   collect in connection with Conversant’s employment recruiting efforts.

   _______________________________________________________________________
   ______________________

CONVERSANT PRIVACY POLICY for Services


   CONVERSANT EUROPE LTD. PRIVACY POLICY for Services

   Last Modified: 3 September 2019

   INTRODUCTION:

   Welcome to the Conversant Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”). By
   visiting our Privacy Policy, you’ve taken the first step in educating
   yourself about advertising businesses such as ours which contribute to
   the Internet’s ability to remain largely a diverse ecosystem of free
   content, as well as to provide a better digital browsing experience.


   WHAT DOES CONVERSANT DO?

   Conversant Europe Ltd (“Conversant”, “we”, “us”) provides online
   advertising services through its two main lines of business –
   Conversant and CJ Affiliate. In performing these services, we follow
   two beliefs:

   ·       First – data protection is essential to the growth and
   prosperity of the Internet.

   ·       Second – a personalised web experience can provide significant
   benefits to Internet users if done properly.

   In accordance with these beliefs, Conversant creates results for
   advertisers and publishers in revolutionary ways without compromising
   individual privacy or data protection.

   If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please
   contact us by clicking here.


   DEFINITIONS USED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY:

   To start, it is important for you to know a few definitions that are
   key to understanding our services and privacy practices:

   “Personal Data” is information relating to an identified or
   identifiable person.  In other words, if the data singles out one
   person, it is considered Personal Data.

   “Identifiable Personal Data” is information that directly identifies a
   person.  This type of data includes things like full name, home
   address, telephone number, or email address.

   “Pseudonymous Personal Data” is information that cannot be attributed
   to a specific person without the use of additional information, and
   where any such additional information is kept separately and is subject
   to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the
   Pseudonymous Personal Data are not attributed to an identified or
   identifiable person.  In other words, this data singles out one person
   but does not directly identity that person.  This type of data includes
   online identifiers, such as Cookie IDs (see below for more information
   about cookies), which allow companies like Conversant to recognise a
   unique person without knowing or intending to learn the actual identity
   of that person.

   “Anonymous Data” is information which does not relate to an identified
   or identifiable person.  In other words, this is data which does not
   enable a person to be identified or "singled out".  This type of data
   includes aggregate statistics about a group of people [as well as
   online data elements such as browser types, operating systems, domain
   names and referring website addresses, so long as the data elements
   combined do not enable the individual to be identified].

   “Cookies” are files that are stored on your web-enabled device and are
   used to improve your experience when seeing web and mobile
   advertisements. We use cookies to estimate the total reach of an
   advertising campaign, as well as frequency of display, and to serve
   advertisements which are relevant to you. This allows advertisers to
   determine with greater accuracy the composition of the audience they
   reach and attempt to reach an audience that is interested in their
   products or services. There are many misconceptions about cookies.
   Cookies cannot erase your hard drive, install programs, or
   automatically collect Identifiable Personal Data from your browser or
   device.

   “Local Storage Data” are similar to cookies in that they allow data to
   be persisted in your browser when you visit a website. Local storage
   data are used by website owners in order to make their websites work,
   or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting
   information.  Information set in local storage data are only accessible
   from the same website domain that set the local storage data, and can
   only be set or accessed using JavaScript on pages from that same
   website. Local storage data have many of the same restrictions as
   cookies – if you delete cookies or your internet cache, local storage
   data are also deleted. Similarly, if you block cookies then local
   storage data are also blocked.  Since local storage data are so similar
   to cookies and we treat local storage data with the same privacy and
   data protection principles as cookies, when we use the term “cookies”
   on this page or any other material on our website or elsewhere, we are
   including both cookies and local storage data.

   “Device IDs” are unique identifiers associated with your mobile device
   to be used for advertising. These identifiers are assigned by your
   mobile device operating system, such as Apple’s iOS and Google’s Play
   Services for Android, and do not reveal Identifiable Personal Data.
   Device IDs can be reset in your mobile device settings.

   “Log files” track actions occurring on Sites and collect data
   including, as an example, your IP address, browser type, Internet
   service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time
   stamp, click data and types of advertisements viewed.

   "Web beacons" are objects that are embedded in a web page or e-mail and
   are usually invisible to the user but are used to track a web user’s
   navigation of a website or collection of websites or pages, interaction
   with an e-mail, use of mobile applications, the completion of
   transactions, submittal of applications and browsing behaviour.

   “Location Data” means a user’s location while they are on their device
   which is utilised by Conversant to deliver advertisements. As with all
   data Conversant collects, this is limited to non-precise location data
   (as defined by the Network Advertising Initiative’s current definition
   of imprecise location data) unless the user has consented to allow
   their precise location to be used for interest-based advertising.

   “Interest-based Advertising” or “IBA” means the collection of data
   across web domains owned or operated by different entities for the
   purpose of delivering advertising based on preferences or interests
   known or inferred from the data collected.


   Please take some time to read about what our business does, learn how
   we ensure that data you share with us is collected and used safely, and
   visit resources that provide more depth on our industry.

   Short Form Privacy Policy

   Scope

   What Conversant Does

   Information Collection & Use

   Self-Regulation

   Your Choices

   For Clients and Publishers

   Contact Us

   Modifications to this Privacy Policy


   SHORT FORM PRIVACY POLICY

   We have included a table summarising our practices solely for your
   convenience and reference purposes. This table is not an exhaustive
   description of our privacy practices and should not be construed to
   define, limit, and/or describe the scope or extent of this Privacy
   Policy. As a result, we urge you to read the entire Privacy Policy:
   clicking here

   clicking here.  Please note that you may still receive advertisements
   from Conversant, but they will not be relevant to your interests.  In
   addition, you may view and delete data we have collected about you by
   .  You may also have other rights under applicable data protection
   laws, which are explained in our long form Privacy Policy.

   Security

   We use reasonable and appropriate technical and organisational security
   measures to protect your data.

   Retention

   Conversant and CJ Affiliate have different data retention policies.
   Conversant retains non-transactional Pseudonymous Personal Data we
   collect or receive online for no more than eighteen (18) months for
   advertising purposes. Conversant may additionally retain Pseudonymous
   Personal Data we receive offline and transactional data we collect
   online for advertising purposes for up to six (6) years, and in no
   event will this data include a transaction that occurred over nine (9)
   years ago.

   CJ Affiliate, which ensure websites and mobile apps get compensated for
   their content, retains Pseudonymous Personal Data we collect or receive
   online for up to six (6) years.  Anonymous Data for reporting and
   analytics may be retained for a longer period.

   Changes

   We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised
   Privacy Policy on the Site along with the date such Privacy Policy was
   last updated.  Where we are required by applicable data protection laws
   to seek your consent to any material changes, we will do so.

   Contact Us

   If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices
   discussed herein, please contact us by clicking here.

   Controller


   Conversant Europe Ltd. is the controller of the data we collect through
    our online advertising services.

   Data Protection Officer

   Our Data Protection Officer is Fieldfisher LLP (Riverbank House, 2 Swan
   Lane, London, EC4R 3TT).  You may email our Data Protection officer at
   DPOfficer AT conversantmedia.com, but we respectfully request that you
   only email our Data Protection Officer regarding urgent matters.
   Otherwise, for all other inquiries, please click on the contact form.

   SCOPE

   This Privacy Policy is primarily intended to provide a description of
   the ways in which we collect and use information to deliver and measure
   advertising and content across the Internet. For more on how we handle
   information collected from clients and publishers or visitors to our
   websites, please see “Website Privacy Policy.”

   Please be aware that in addition to our Sites, the websites of our
   clients and publishers, applications on which we place advertisements,
   and any third party websites linked to one of our Sites, may also
   collect information from you for various purposes, including, but not
   limited to, providing advertisements about goods and services likely to
   be of greater interest to you. Such information collected by such
   websites and mobile applications and their affiliated or third party
   partners may include Pseudonymous Personal Data through the use of
   cookies and other technologies. It may also include any Personal Data
   you choose to provide in registering and transacting with such websites
   and mobile applications. Although we choose our business partners and
   clients carefully, Conversant is not responsible for the privacy
   practices of websites and mobile applications operated by such third
   parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of such
   websites and mobile applications you visit to determine how they handle
   any information they collect from you.

   WHAT CONVERSANT DOES

   While you visit certain websites and mobile applications, there are
   other companies working behind the scenes to help provide you with a
   great digital experience. These third party companies provide vital
   services such as analytics, advertising and fraud prevention for
   retailers, publishers, and other organisations. These services enable
   these third party companies to, among other things, provide the
   advertising that keeps your favorite blogs free, your favorite stores
   in business, and your advertising experience more relevant.

   We help companies provide digital advertising, both in browsers and
   mobile applications, and we do it in a variety of ways, from banner ads
   to coupon codes. To make some of these things possible, we need to
   utilise information to provide smarter decision making. Technologies
   such as cookies and mobile device IDs enable companies like ours to
   provide more relevant advertising while keeping your identity unknown
   to Conversant.

   In addition to our advertising services, we also utilise our technology
   to provide life-saving messages during tornadoes and AMBER Alerts,
   geotargeted to individuals in affected areas. To learn more about these
   internationally-recognised programs established by Conversant through
   an organisation called the Federation for Internet Alerts, click here.


   INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

   Information Collected by Conversant

   Conversant only collects Pseudonymous Personal Data from you (unless
   you provide other Identifiable Personal Data voluntarily through our
   Sites) and may collect this in a variety of ways. We use technologies
   such as cookies, log files, pixel tags or other similar technologies to
   collect Pseudonymous Personal Data about the browser or device you are
   using, including browsing activity, online transactions, and IP
   addresses. We may also receive Pseudonymous Personal Data from third
   parties.

   Some of our clients provide Identifiable Personal Data such as your
   name, address, email address and associated transactional information
   directly to a third party, our affiliated company, Alliance Data FHC
   (trading as Epsilon International), with whom Conversant has a
   contractual relationship. This third party removes the Identifiable
   Personal Data and provides Conversant only the Pseudonymous Personal
   Data for our use in providing advertising to you. All Pseudonymous
   Personal Data received and collected by Conversant from the various
   sources may be combined and used to provide you advertising, properly
   compensate websites and mobile apps for their content, and for other
   analytical purposes.

   Conversant's Legitimate Interests

   We (and our clients) have a legitimate interest in conducting this data
   processing and have taken necessary measures to minimise any data
   protection impacts to you.  In particular:

   ·       We have taken appropriate measures to ensure that we do not
   collect or receive any user Identifiable Personal Data in our
   advertising activities (unless they have provided it voluntarily and
   consented).

   ·       We have a third party audit our technology every year to verify
   that our preventative measures are functioning correctly.

   ·       We additionally do not collect data or serve advertisement
   pertaining to sensitive subjects, such as health or financial
   eligibility.

   ·       We have a robust data protection and security team which
   ensures that we are not only legally compliant, but that we are also
   respecting your privacy and properly implementing our Privacy by Design
   business model.

   ·       Furthermore, we are strong believers in the principle of data
   minimsation and as indicated in this privacy policy, we only collect
   the data that we need and only retain it as long as necessary.

   ·       Even though we do not hold Identifiable Personal Data, our
   security team ensures that appropriate security measures are
   implemented from start to finish of data processing.

   ·       We know that even with the above safeguards in place, you may
   still be uncomfortable with our data processing, which is why we allow
   you to opt out of Interest-Based Advertising and further allow you to
   review and delete data which pertains to you.

   Conversant's Use of Data

   The Pseudonymous Personal Data we collect is used for marketing
   purposes, enables us to determine which advertisements perform well,
   allows us to more effectively match ads, mobile application and website
   content to your interests, assists us in improving the operation of our
   services, helps us ensure that Sites and mobile applications get
   compensated for their content, enhances our services to our business
   partners and clients and enables us to provide general statistics to
   our business partners and clients regarding use of Conversant’s
   services.

   When a user responds to or views an Internet advertisement served by
   Conversant (such as through third-party websites), we may assign a
   pseudonymous online identifier to the end user's Internet browser or
   device, often via a cookie. These technologies provide Conversant with
   information needed for the purpose of paying third-parties affiliate
   commissions when an Internet user clicks on a link, creates a lead, or
   makes a purchase on an advertiser's website. If the Internet user
   re-visits the advertiser's site directly, Conversant is able to track
   the user's activities on the advertiser's site (for example, whether
   they make a purchase) and credit the third-party website that referred
   the user.  In other words, if you read a blog about a pair of shoes and
   decides to visit that advertiser’s website and purchase that pair of
   shoes, we would ensure that the blog gets compensated for referring you
   to that advertiser’s website.

   We also may use cookies and similar technologies, to track a user's
   behaviour across multiple devices.  This helps us to develop a
   predictive profile of the end user's interests across these different
   devices for the purpose of sending them relevant advertisements on
   multiple browsers and devices and prevent us from sending the same
   advertisement too often. This is called cross-device IBA. We may also
   use this cross-device functionality for the purpose of more accurately
   paying third-parties affiliate commissions, as described in the
   paragraph directly above.

   To opt out of Conversant IBA, please follow the opt-out instructions
   below in the “Your Choices” and “Mobile Device Choices” sections of our
   Privacy Policy. Upon opt-out, we will no longer collect behavioural
   data on your browser and will also no longer send behavioural data to
   other browsers or devices associated with you. However, data that was
   collected on your browser or device prior to you opting out may still
   impact the advertisements you see on other browsers and devices
   associated with you. We will attempt to opt you out across all of your
   browsers and devices. However, since we don't collect data which
   directly identifies you, we cannot guarantee that all of your browsers
   and devices will be opted out. To ensure you are opted out across all
   of your browsers and devices, we recommend that you opt out of each one
   individually.  If you delete your cookies, we recommend that you renew
   your opt out choices.  If cookies aren’t enabled in your browser or if
   you’re using ad-blocking tools, our opt-out mechanism may not work.
   Please note that opting out does not necessarily mean that you will no
   longer receive any advertising from Conversant, it means that you will
   no longer receive advertising tailored to your interests.

   We may also conduct surveys by serving interactive ads that ask you to
   provide information such as your gender and age range, which
   information may be associated with a device ID or a cookie ID. If you
   decide to respond, your demographic information will also be associated
   with a device ID or cookie ID and used only for the purposes described
   in this Privacy Policy.

   Information Sharing by Conversant

   Conversant will only share your information for limited purposes such
   as those provided in this Privacy Policy. This includes sharing
   information (1) to comply with applicable laws and regulations or to
   respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for
   information received by us, whether or not a response is required by
   applicable law; (2) to enforce our terms of use and other agreements or
   to protect our rights; (3) to protect the safety of members of the
   public and users of the service; (4) with Conversant affiliates,
   partners and clients for marketing purposes; (5) with vendors,
   administrative service providers, technology providers, and carefully
   selected partners for services including, but not limited to, data
   validation, enhancement, information verification and suppression
   services; or (6) for any other purpose for which you provide consent.
   None of this information will include Identifiable Personal Data unless
   you have provided this to us voluntarily.

   While Conversant strongly encourages clients and partners to adopt
   responsible approaches to online marketing, and conducts due diligence
   on its partners, Conversant is not responsible for the information
   practices of such clients and partners. With respect to IBA, Conversant
   and other third parties may use Pseudonymous Personal Data collected or
   shared with respect to your visits to websites with whom we have
   relationships for various purposes, including, but not limited to,
   providing advertisements about goods and services likely to be of
   greater interest to you.

   In the event that Conversant is acquired by or merged with a third
   party, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer
   or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such
   merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely
   event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganisation, receivership, or
   assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or
   equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not
   be able to control how your information is treated, transferred, or
   used.

   Lead Generation

   Conversant provides lead generation services to clients where we work
   with website and mobile app publishers who utilise their media channels
   to generate user interest or inquiry into advertiser products and
   services.  For example, a client may be interested in contacting you to
   promote their service and product and request the you fill out an
   online form. Through this process in which Conversant facilitates the
   exchange of user information (typically Identifiable Personal Data held
   by a website in accordance with their Privacy Policy) from website
   publishers to advertisers, Conversant does not ever receive the
   Identifiable Personal Data.

   Instead, through these online forms hosted by our clients, or third
   parties acting on the behalf of us or our clients, advertisers or
   publishers may collect Identifiable Personal Data that a user has
   voluntarily provided. This information may be used for the same
   purposes listed in “Information Sharing by Conversant,” above. This
   information may also be used to verify any information submitted to us
   or any of our clients, and for any suppression or opt-out purposes.

   Conversant still does receive Pseudonymous Personal Data through these
   services and may serve advertisements to you based on information you
   submitted to our clients during the website registration process with
   them.

   International data transfers

   Conversant, its group companies, partners and service providers may
   transfer data to, and process data in, countries other than the country
   in which you are resident.  These countries may have data protection
   laws that are different to the laws of your country and, in some cases,
   may not be as protective.

   Specifically, Conversant's servers are located in in the United States
   and Amsterdam, and our group companies and third party service
   providers and partners operate around the world.  This means that when
   we collect data, we may process it in any of these countries.

   However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your
   Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy
   Policy. These measures include implementing the European Commission’s
   Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information
   between our group companies, which require all group companies to
   protect Personal Data they process from the EEA in accordance with
   European Union data protection law.

   Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided on request.  We have
   implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service
   providers and partners and further details can be provided upon
   request.

   Security

   The security of your information is important to us. We have
   implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures
   to protect the information in our care, both during transmission and
   once we receive it. We take physical and technical security measures to
   protect our data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, or
   alteration, and from unauthorised disclosure or access.

   No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be
   completely secure. While we strive to protect your data, it may be
   possible for third parties not under the control of Conversant to
   unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
   Unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other
   factors may compromise data security. Conversant cannot ensure or
   warrant the security of information you transmit to us. You acknowledge
   and assume this risk when communicating with Conversant.

   Retention

   Conversant and CJ Affiliate have different data retention policies.
   Conversant retains non-transactional Pseudonymous Personal Data we
   collect or receive online for no more than eighteen (18) months for
   advertising purposes. Conversant may additionally retain Pseudonymous
   Personal Data we receive offline and transactional data we collect
   online for advertising purposes for up to six (6) years, and in no
   event will this data include a transaction that occurred over nine (9)
   years ago. As mentioned above, this offline data is provided to us by
   our clients and pertain to transactions you have made with them.

   CJ Affiliate, which ensure websites and mobile apps get compensated for
   their content, retains Pseudonymous Personal Data we collect or receive
   online for up to six (6) years.  Anonymous Data for reporting and
   analytics may be retained for a longer period.

   CONSENT MANAGEMENT TOOL

   We also offer a consent management tool for publishers and advertisers
   built on the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework that helps
   website operators provide consumers with information and choices about
   data.  When you visit a site or app that uses this tool, we may use
   tags, cookies, SDKs, and plug-ins to store information about privacy
   notices that you have received and privacy choices that you have made.
   We do this pursuant to the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent
   Framework’s policies and technical specifications. We do not use
   information collected from this tool for other purposes.


   SELF-REGULATION

   Our industry has a rigorous voluntary self-regulatory regime, and we
   are active members of industry groups such as the Network Advertising
   Initiative (NAI), Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), Interactive
   Advertising Bureau Europe (IAB EU), Interactive Advertising Bureau UK
   (IAB UK), Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), European Digital
   Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and Digital Advertising Alliance of
   Canada (DAAC), who promulgate codes of conduct to which their members
   must adhere. These codes impose requirements on participating companies
   such as transparency and choice around the use of data for IBA and some
   require regular audits of member privacy practices.

   Conversant is an active member of these and other groups, and where
   Conversant engages in activities regulated by these programs, we comply
   with the NAI Codes of Conduct. We also support the DAA Self-Regulatory
   Principles, the EDAA Self-Regulatory Principles, and the DAAC
   Self-Regulatory Principles.

   YOUR CHOICES

   We hope that after reading through this Privacy Policy that you feel
   comfortable we are collecting and using data responsibly, and that the
   cumulative benefits of our work are valuable to the Internet as a whole
   and your individual browsing experience. As part of our commitment to
   user privacy, we give user the ability to opt out of IBA provided by
   Conversant. If you would like to opt out of IBA, please click here to
   learn more and opt out.

   As an alternative, you may also visit the Network Advertising
   Initiative opt-out page at: www.networkadvertising.org/choices or the
   European Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page at:
   http://youronlinechoices.com/.

   We will attempt to opt you out across all of your browsers and devices.
   However, since we don't collect data which directly identifies you, we
   cannot guarantee that all of your browsers and devices will be opted
   out. To ensure you are opted out across all of your browsers and
   devices, we recommend that you opt out of each one individually.  If
   cookies aren’t enabled in your browser or if you’re using ad-blocking
   tools, our opt-out mechanism may not work. Please note that opting out
   does not necessarily mean that you will no longer receive any
   advertising from Conversant, it means that you will no longer receive
   advertising tailored to your interests.

   Mobile Device Choices

   For mobile websites, you can follow the opt-out instructions provided
   above.

   To learn how to opt out receiving relevant advertisements on mobile
   applications, please visit this
   page: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices

   Data Subject Requests

   We understand that you may be interested about what data we hold about
   you and which advertising interest segments we believe pertain to you.
   We are pleased to present you with an opportunity to view this data and
   even delete it if you choose to do so by clicking here.

   If you wish to exercise another data protection right to which you are
   entitled under applicable data protection laws (including rights of
   correction, restriction, portability or to object to data processing),
   please contact us using the contact details provided below.

   Device Access Consent Choices

   We will only access your device if you have provided us with
   unambiguous consent, except as indicated in the below paragraph.  This
   includes reading or writing cookies directly from your device.  You may
   have provided us with consent through a prominent notice on this
   website or one of our partner’s websites.  You can review and change
   your choices at any time by clicking on the link at the top of the
   page.

   However, even if you have not provided consent, we may need to access
   your device as necessary to ensure that websites and mobile
   applications can provide you with loyalty points or cash back.  If you
   have requested loyalty points or cash back from one of our partners,
   then we need to access your device to create a cookie ID or read a
   device ID so that we can ensure that they provide loyalty points or
   cash back to the correct person.  In other words, in these situations,
   accessing your device is strictly necessary to provide you with the
   services that you are requesting, and thus we must access your device
   even without your consent.  In these situations where we do not have
   consent, we limit our device access and data processing to only what is
   necessary to provide you with the services that you are requesting.

   FOR CLIENTS AND PUBLISHERS


   The Conversant network includes our clients and publishers involved in
   advertising campaign transactions. Information collected from clients
   and publishers includes Identifiable Personal Data that is necessary to
   conduct our business, such as name, phone number, and email address.
   Payments made to and from Conversant require the collection of
   Identifiable Personal Data that may include credit card numbers and
   bank account information. Phone numbers may be used for sales or
   inventory acquisition purposes.

   This information is collected, modified and stored in a password
   protected environment and is used for purposes including service, media
   delivery, contact, billing and accounts payable. We will not sell or
   rent this information to non-Conversant entities. All client and
   publisher information collected for these purposes is explicit,
   voluntary, manually entered, and can be opted-out.  We process this
   information with consent or as necessary for our legitimate interests
   to operate our business.

   Security:

   See “Security” under Information Collection and Use, above.

   Information Sharing:

   This client and publisher information is not shared with any third
   party outside Conversant and its affiliated companies, except for that
   necessary to conduct business, such as clearing a credit card
   transaction for an advertising campaign purchase or making an ACH
   direct deposit to pay a publisher, or as required by law. The security
   of this information is crucial to our success in the highly competitive
   field of online advertising. Conversant may, from time to time, use
   "gallery" pages to identify clients or publishers by business identity
   ONLY (e.g. Adcycle.com is a new Publisher in the Conversant Network).

   Log Files:

   We record the IP address of new clients and publishers at sign-up. This
   can assist in administering the Site and client or publisher accounts,
   including features designed to enhance the Client experience. This
   information is part of the secure member database and is password
   protected.

   Our Communications:

   We send all new clients and publishers a welcoming email to verify
   password and user name, and may communicate with you about program or
   other information at the contact information you provide. We may also
   email individuals that have provided us with their contact info so that
   we can communicate information about Conversant’s services, in
   accordance with those individuals' communication preferences. You can
   request to opt out of these emails by filling out this form.

   Site and Service Updates:

   We may send Site and service announcement updates by email. Because
   these announcements contain important information about services, it is
   not possible to unsubscribe. We also communicate with clients and
   publishers to provide requested services and in regards to issues
   relating to their account via email or phone.

   Correction/Updating Contact Info:

   If a client’s or publisher’s contact info changes (such as email
   address) or they would like their contact info removed from our system,
   we provide several ways to correct or update this info. The following
   options are provided:

   Make the changes online by entering the member area.

   Fill out a form by clicking here

   Contact your account manager.

   All requests to remove a client or publisher from our system will be
   verified prior to removal to ensure the proper identity of the
   requester.

   CONTACT INFORMATION

   Conversant Europe Ltd. is the controller of the data we process.  Have
   a question on something not addressed or have a complaint? Please use
   the Feedback form located here.

   Our Data Protection Officer Fieldfisher LLP (Riverbank House, 2 Swan
   Lane, London, EC4R 3TT) is tasked with ensuring our data protection
   program is operating effectively and in accordance with law.  If you
   need to contact our Data Protection Officer, you may email DPOfficer AT
   conversantmedia.com.  However, we respectfully request that you only
   email our Data Protection Officer regarding urgent matters.  Otherwise,
   for all other inquiries, please click on the contact form.

   As an EU resident, you have a right to report a concern to your
   country’s Data Protection Authority.  For example, UK residents can
   report a concern to the United Kingdom Data Protection Authority at
   this website - https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.  However, we respectfully
   request that you contact us first so that we can assist you.

   MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

   We may occasionally make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we do, we
   will update the “Last Modified” date above. If we make a material
   change, such as the ways in which we use Personal Data, we will notify
   you via a prominent notice on our Site and, if required by data
   protection law, seek your consent.

   _______________________________________________________________________
   ______________________

Website Privacy Policy

   Effective as of 3 September 2019.


   This privacy policy applies solely to information collected on our
   corporate websites, such a, and other affiliate sites that display or
   link directly to this policy (collectively, “Sites”). Please read this
   policy before using, or submitting information to, these Sites.

   This privacy policy is designed to help ensure that visitors to our
   Sites understand what data is collected on our Sites and how this data
   is used or disclosed. This privacy policy also applies only to
   information collected on our Sites.

   This privacy policy does not apply to data collected through our
   Services. For more information about our privacy policy for our
   Services, please visit our Services Privacy Policy.

   This privacy policy also does not apply to personal collected during
   our recruiting process. For more information about our data protection
   practices for recruiting purposes, please visit Recruiting Privacy
   Policy.

   Controller

   Conversant Europe Ltd. is the controller of the data we collect from
   our Sites.  If you have a question on something not addressed or have a
   complaint? Please use the Feedback form located here.


   WHAT INFORMATION DO WE Collect/RECEIVE?

   We may collect, store and use the information you voluntarily provide
   to us through our Sites.

   1.     For instance, we may collect your contact information if you
   provide it to us through the “contact us” form, or through other forms
   available on our Sites. These registration forms may ask for such
   information as your name, the company you work for, business title,
   postal address, email address, telephone number and other information.
   You must be 18 years of age or older to submit this registration
   information to our Sites.

   2.     In addition, if you choose to correspond with us through email,
   we may retain the content of your email messages together with your
   email address and the resulting correspondence with you.

   3.     You may also disclose certain information about yourself on
   message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to
   which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that
   any information you post or disclose through these services will become
   public information, and may be available to visitors to our Sites and
   to the general public. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to
   disclose your personal information, or any other information, on our
   Sites.

   Further, our servers may automatically collect certain information from
   your browser when you visit our Sites. This information may include the
   type of web browser you are using and its version, your IP address and
   the pages you visited on our Sites. We may combine this automatically
   collected log information with other information we collect about you.
   We do this to improve services we offer you, and to improve marketing,
   analytics or site functionality.

   We may also collect your information when you attend one of our
   marketing events. Finally, we may receive your information from
   partners who have collected information you have posted publicly.

   To exercise your choice around receiving marketing email or other
   direct marketing from us, see the Data Subject Rights Process below.

   HOW DO WE COLLECT DATA?

   Outside of you providing us with your contact information as outlined
   above, we, or our service providers, may also collect information about
   your browser or device through various technologies, some of which are
   outlined below.

   Cookies

   Cookies are small text files that store data using your web browser to
   make your browsing experience easier and faster. We, and our
   third-party service providers who assist with managing our Sites, may
   use cookies and similar technologies on our Sites. We use performance
   and functionality cookies, as described below, to improve the
   performance of our Sites and to make our Sites more user-friendly.

   The European Union Directive 2009/136/EC, amending Directive 2002/58/EC
   on Privacy and Electronic Communications (otherwise known as the
   e-Privacy or Cookie Directive), and laws in EU countries implementing
   such directive, require user consent before a site may place cookies
   and other similar technologies on your browser.

   Types of Cookies used on our Sites

   Performance cookies: These cookies collect information about how
   visitors use our Sites for web analytics purposes. For instance, we may
   use cookies to analyze which pages visitors go to most often and if
   they receive any error messages. These cookies are used to help improve
   our Sites and your experience on our Sites. By using our Sites, you
   agree that we can place these types of cookies on your browser. If you
   do not wish to accept cookies in connection with your use of this Web
   site, you must stop using our site.

   Functionality cookies:
   These cookies allow our Sites to remember choices you make (such as
   remembering your username and password, language preference or the
   region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features.
   These cookies may also be used to remember changes you have made to
   text size, fonts and other personalization’s. They may also be used to
   provide services you have requested, such as keeping you logged in to
   your account as you browse the internet. These cookies do not collect
   information about your browsing activity on other websites. By using
   our Sites, or by signing up for an account with us, you agree that we
   can place these types of cookies on your browser. If you do not wish to
   accept cookies in connection with your use of this Web site, you must
   stop using our site.

   Other tracking technologies
   We, and our service providers, may use other technologies, such as
   beacons, tags and scripts, on our Sites for analytics and
   administrative purposes. These technologies may be used in analyzing
   trends, administering the Site, recording users’ movements around the
   Site and gathering demographic information about our visitor base as a
   whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by
   these companies on an aggregated basis.

   We may partner with third parties who provide certain features on our
   Sites, or to display advertising, based upon your web browsing activity
   using local storage objects (LSOs) such as Flash to collect and store
   information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for
   removing Flash LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs, please click here.

   If you have a question on something not addressed or have a complaint?
   Please use the Feedback form located here. You may also reach our Data
   Protection officer DPOfficer AT conversantmedia.com.

   HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT? Lawful basis

   We may use the information you provided to us in the forms on our Sites
   or through email correspondence with us to market to you per the
   preferences you specified when you registered on our Sites. Our
   marketing efforts include business-to-business direct marketing and
   promotional information related to our marketing services.  We collect
   this information through a consent mechanism available when you provide
   us with your information.

   We may also use the information we collect to fulfill requests you have
   made to us, such as to communicate with you, respond to your inquiries
   and provide newsletters or updates. We may use the information to
   inform you of service and product updates, white papers, new products,
   market research opportunities and other related information from us. We
   rely on legitimate interests as a lawful basis of processing for the
   purpose of operating our business, obtaining new clients, retaining
   existing customers and responding to your questions/inquiries.

   We may use the information we automatically collect from your browser
   to analyze trends, administer our Sites, note users’ activities on our
   Sites, help us understand the parts of our Sites visited most often and
   gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in improving our
   Sites.  We, and our digital partners, rely on consent to drop the
   cookies and legitimate interests to process the information we collect
   thereafter. We rely on legitimate interests as a lawful basis of
   processing for the purpose of operating our business, obtaining new
   clients, retaining existing customers and responding to your
   questions/inquiries.

   Interest-Based Advertising or Cross-App Advertising
   As you browse the internet or go across mobile apps, you may see
   advertisements on the web pages or the apps you visit. Some of these
   ads may be more relevant to you based on a variety of factors, such as
   the previous websites or apps you have visited, your perceived
   interests and your demographic information. This practice is called
   Interest-Based Advertising. To learn more about this practice, please
   visit the Interactive Advertising Bureau EU.

   We may work with our advertising partners to enable the delivery of
   relevant messages to the right consumers while protecting consumer
   privacy and offering choices about participating in such activities.
   Our third-party partners may use technologies, such as cookies, to
   gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites
   in order to provide you with relevant advertising. Relevant advertising
   does not result in more ads, but rather the relevancy of the ads you
   see.

   If you have a question on something not addressed or have a complaint?
   Please use the Feedback form located here. You may also reach our Data
   Protection officer DPOfficer AT conversantmedia.com.

   WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?

   We may share or disclose the information we collect or receive through
   this Site:
     * With our affiliate companies, including Alliance Data FHC, Inc.
       (trading as Epsilon International), Epsilon Data Management, LLC or
       CJ Affiliate by Conversant, who may be able to address or respond
       to your inquiries.
     * With our service providers who perform services on our behalf,
       including our email service providers, our customer data base
       provider and analytics providers.
     * To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale,
       joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or
       any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in
       connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
     * As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable
       law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests
       from public and government authorities including public and
       government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to
       enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or
       those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy,
       safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others;
       and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the
       damages that we may sustain.

   LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES

   Our Sites contain links to unaffiliated third-party sites. We do not
   endorse or make any representations about any third-party sites (or any
   information, software or other products or materials found there) to
   which our sites might link. This privacy policy does not apply to the
   information collection and use practices of third-party sites. We
   encourage you to review the privacy policies of these unaffiliated
   third-party sites to understand their data collection and use
   practices.

   CONTENT SHARING FEATURES

   Our sites include social media sharing features, such as LinkedIn,
   Google+, Facebook and Twitter buttons. It may set a cookie to enable
   the feature to function properly. These features may collect your IP
   address and which page you are visiting on our Sites. Social media
   features are governed by that social media company’s privacy policy. We
   also give users the option to share our stories about us on social
   networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter.

   We have the SoundCloud widget embedded on our websites which lets us
   share podcasts, tracks and playlists with you directly. This enables
   SoundCloud to collect information about you (including personal data),
   such as what website you visited. SoundCloud may also be able to
   recognise you, and in some cases the widget may be used to show
   personalised content to you. SoundCloud is a data controller of the
   personal data it collects through the embedded widget. You can read
   more about how your information is used and how to make choices with
   regards to it here: https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy

   We may also allow you to email useful information from our Sites to a
   friend or colleague. If you choose to do so, we may ask you to provide
   your full name and email address, as well as your friend’s complete
   email address. We will send your friend a one-time email inviting him
   or her to visit the site, except where prohibited by law. Your friend
   or colleague may contact us via email Marketing_requests AT
   conversantmedia.com or via the Feedback form located here to opt-out.


   Data Transfer

   We may transfer your personal information from your country of
   residence to the United States, Canada and/or India.  We rely on
   standard contractual clauses if we do transfer your data to such
   countries.


   Data Subject Rights

   1.  By writing our Data Protection officer, DPOfficer AT
   conversantmedia.com, you may:

   ·      request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal
   data; or

   ·      request restriction of processing concerning your personal data;
   or

   ·      object to processing of your personal data; or

   ·      request a copy of your personal data you have provided to us be
   transferred to another organization (as outlined under the right to
   data portability).

   2.  If we have relied on consent to obtain your personal information,
   such as on our registration page, then you have the right to withdraw
   consent at any time. You may either unsubscribe from our emails or you
   may opt-out of our cookies (see below). You may also reach our Data
   Protection officer DPOfficer AT conversantmedia.com to exercise your
   choices.

   3.  You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
   authority.

   4.  We may process some of your personal data based on contractual
   requirements, such sending you transactional emails, or as a
   requirement necessary to enter into a contract.

   CHOICES AND ACCESS

   Client/prospect opt-out
   We maintain contact lists to communicate with our clients and
   prospects. Individuals must affirmatively ask to join one or more of
   our email lists or postal mailing lists by registering on our Sites
   and/or through one of our conferences. All email messages sent to these
   lists include an opportunity to unsubscribe or opt out of future email
   messages via a hyperlink in the email.

   You may request to be removed from future email messages by contacting
   us via the Feedback form located here or via
   Marketing_requests@conversantmedia.com. You may also reach our Data
   Protection officer DPOfficer AT conversantmedia.com.

   We also maintain a postal mailing list to communicate with our clients
   and prospects. You can request to be removed from our mailing list by
   sending your name and postal address to us via the Feedback form
   located here or via Marketing_requests@conversantmedia.com. You may
   also reach our Data Protection officer DPOfficer AT
   conversantmedia.com.

   RETENTION

   Conversant retains the data it collects from its Sites and through its
   direct marketing efforts for a period of 4 (four) years.

   PARTICIPATION IN ONLINE FORUMS

   Our Sites may provide you with the opportunity to participate in
   various online forums. If you contribute any content to an online
   forum, you retain your rights to any content you post. However, by
   posting content on or through an online forum, you grant us a
   worldwide, nonexclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to
   sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish,
   transmit, display and distribute your content in any and all media or
   distribution methods (now known or later developed) for any and all
   purposes.

   Any content you post to an online forum may be publically viewed and
   used by anyone on the internet. You are responsible for any content you
   post, and for any consequences thereof, including the use of your
   content by other users. To protect your privacy, we remind you and ask
   you to not submit personal information in a public forum.

   By posting, you agree not to post any content that (i) is unlawful,
   harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar,
   obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially,
   ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (ii) you do not have a right to
   make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary
   relationships; (iii) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret,
   copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; or (iv) contains
   software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed
   to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer
   software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.

   We may prescreen, refuse or remove any content that you post. We may
   also modify or adapt your content in order to transmit, display or
   distribute it.

   We do not control the content posted by public users to our Sites and,
   as such, do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such
   content. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any
   user-contributed content, including, but not limited to, any errors or
   omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as
   a result of the use of any user-contributed content.

   To request removal of your personal information from our online forums,
   or to notify us of a posting that violates our rules for posting in
   Conversant’s online forums described above, please contact us via the
   Feedback form located here or via
   Marketing_requests@conversantmedia.com. If we are unable to remove your
   personal information, we will let you know that we are unable to do so
   and why.

   SENSITIVE INFORMATION

   We ask that you not send or disclose any sensitive personal information
   (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political
   opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or
   trade union membership) to us through our Sites or otherwise.

   USE OF THE SITES BY CHILDREN

   Our Sites are not intended for children under the age of thirteen (13).
   We ask that children not provide personal information through our
   Sites. If we become aware that we have collected personal information
   from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from
   our records.

   SECURITY

   We use physical, electronic and administrative safeguards designed to
   protect your personal information against loss, misuse or alteration.
   All information is stored securely and may only be accessed by
   employees with a legitimate business need to access the information. No
   method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
   storage, is 100 percent secure, and we cannot guarantee its absolute
   security.

   CONTACT INFORMATION

   Conversant Europe Ltd. is the controller of the data we process.  If
   have a question on something not addressed or have a complaint? Please
   use the Feedback form located here or via
   Marketing_requests@conversantmedia.com.

   Our Data Protection Officer Fieldfisher LLP (Riverbank House, 2 Swan
   Lane, London, EC4R 3TT) is tasked with ensuring our data protection
   program is operating effectively and in accordance with law.  If you
   need to contact our Data Protection Officer, you may email DPOfficer AT
   conversantmedia.com.  However, we respectfully request that you only
   email our Data Protection Officer regarding urgent matters.  Otherwise,
   for all other inquiries, please click on the contact form or email us
   via Marketing_requests@conversantmedia.com.As an EU resident, you have
   a right to report a concern to your country’s Data Protection
   Authority.  For example, UK residents can report a concern to the
   United Kingdom Data Protection Authority at this website -
   https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.  However, we respectfully request that
   you contact us first so that we can assist you.

   MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

   We may occasionally make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we do, we
   will update the “Last Modified” date above. If we make a material
   change, such as the ways in which we use Personal Data, we will notify
   you via a prominent notice on our Site and, if required by data
   protection law, seek your consent.


   _______________________________________________________________________
   ______________________


Careers Privacy Notice


   Effective date: 25 May 2018

   Please read this Careers Privacy Notice carefully. By submitting
   application information through this website, or by emailing our
   recruiters, you, the applicant, consent to Conversant Europe Ltd.’s
   (“Conversant”, “we”, “us”) collection and use of Applicant Data as
   described below.

   This Careers Privacy Policy applies to personal data collected or
   received by Conversant Europe Ltd. and CJ Affiliate by Conversant
   (collectively, "Conversant" or "we") during its recruiting process.

   Controller

   Conversant is the controller of the personal data we collect or receive
   when you apply for a job.  If you have a question on something not
   addressed or have a complaint, please email us via Recruiting_requests
   AT conversantmedia.com.


   Data Collected and Purpose

   User Provided Data. You may voluntarily provide personal data to
   Conversant through Taleo, Smashfly OnGig, and third party recruiters.
   Taleo, Smashfly and OnGig are recruiting software programs. You can
   register and create a profile, providing:


   ·       Your name

   ·       Your social media sign-in information (through LinkedIn,
   Facebook, Twitter and others)

   ·       Your email address

   ·       Your postal address

   ·       Your phone number

   ·       Your picture

   ·       Jobs you show interest in (e.g. ones you apply for, follow,
   comment on, etc.)

   ·       The date you first looked at a job

   ·       Educational Level

   ·       Your phone number

   ·       Resume/CV

   Data about you that we receive from you or others in connection with
   your application is referred to in this Privacy Notice as "Applicant
   Data." If Conversant considers your application or extends an offer of
   employment, Conversant may collect certain additional data either
   directly from you or from third parties such as background checks,
   where allowed by local law, with your consent. Conversant relies on
   your consent when collecting this data.

   Conversant may also collect and retain Applicant Data manually or
   electronically (e.g., if you send us an email). Conversant relies on
   Legitimate Interest when collecting and using such personal data.


   Applicant Data from this Site. When you visit our site, your browser
   automatically sends us an Internet Protocol address and certain other
   data, including the type of browser you use. Our cookies on this site
   are used solely to facilitate your online experience, and are not used
   to make employment-related decisions. Please visit Conversant Privacy
   Policy to learn more about what data we collect when you visit our
   Sites.


   Use of Applicant Data.

   Conversant may use Applicant Data to communicate with you in writing or
   by telephone or online, to evaluate your application, to analyse
   Conversant staffing needs and practices, or otherwise to efficiently
   manage the Conversant hiring process and employee administration. We
   may combine Applicant Data with research tools and data from other
   sources.  Conversant collects and uses this Applicant Data for hiring
   purposes.

   Data disclosures.

   Applicant Data is controlled primarily (but not exclusively) by
   Conversant’s human resources department staff, and may be stored
   electronically or in hard copy. Other staff involved in hiring or
   information management also may have access to some or all Applicant
   Data, as may senior management, including hiring associates outside of
   the European Economic Area, including Canada, Hong Kong, India and
   United States. To achieve the objectives described above, and because
   we are part of a larger group of companies operating internationally,
   we may from time to time make Applicant Data available to other
   companies within the Conversant family of companies, including Alliance
   Data FHC, Inc. (trading as Epsilon International) and Epsilon Data
   Management, LLC. Also, we may from time to time make Applicant Data
   available to legal and regulatory authorities (such as labour and tax
   authorities), to our accountants, auditors, solicitors, lawyers and
   other outside professional advisers, and to parties providing products
   or services to us (such as IT systems suppliers, and human resources
   consultants). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy
   Policy, Conversant also may disclose Applicant Data to any third party
   when disclosure is required by law, or desirable to permit us to
   exercise our legal rights or take action regarding illegal activities,
   or to protect the safety of any person. If all or part of our company
   is sold, merged, or otherwise transferred to another entity, we may
   transfer Applicant Data as part of that transaction.


   Retention, transfers and security of Applicant Data.

   We may store Applicant Data for as long as needed for the purposes
   indicated in this Privacy Statement, but in any event not longer than
   permitted by local law from the date of collection unless you become
   employed by Conversant, in which case a different retention period may
   apply. Records not specifically designated as Applicant Data may have
   different retention periods (e.g., email server records of emails
   received or sent). As stated above, Applicant Data are processed in and
   thereafter stored on local servers in the United States. Conversant has
   certain security measures to protect the confidentiality of Applicant
   Data (such as firewalls to protect servers), but the storage and
   communication of personal data cannot always be completely secure.

   The servers for Taleo, Smashfly and Ongig are located within the United
   States and are participates in the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and
   Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Conversant transfers Applicant
   Data to its Affiliates listed above under a standard contractual
   clause.

   Data Subject Rights and your Choices

   You may access and rectify your Applicant Data by logging into Taleo
   and updating your Applicant Data.

   You can also contact us at please email us via Recruiting_requests AT
   conversantmedia.com to receive more detailed information about the data
   gathered about you, the categories and purposes of processing of your
   data and to whom your data has been transmitted. You may also withdraw
   your consent to or restrict our processing of your Applicant Data or by
   writing our Data Protection Officer via email at please email us via
   Recruiting_requests AT conversantmedia.com.


   Minors

   We do not knowingly collect application information from children under
   age 16.


   CONTACT INFORMATION

   Conversant Europe Ltd. is the controller of the data we process.  If
   have a question on something not addressed or have a complaint? Please
   email us via Recruiting_requests AT conversantmedia.com.

   Our Data Protection Officer Fieldfisher LLP (Riverbank House, 2 Swan
   Lane, London, EC4R 3TT) is tasked with ensuring our data protection
   program is operating effectively and in accordance with law.  If you
   need to contact our Data Protection Officer, you may email DPOfficer AT
   conversantmedia.com.  However, we respectfully request that you only
   email our Data Protection Officer regarding urgent matters.  Otherwise,
   for all other inquiries, please email us via Recruiting_requests AT
   conversantmedia.com.

   As an EU resident, you have a right to report a concern to your
   country’s Data Protection Authority.  For example, UK residents can
   report a concern to the United Kingdom Data Protection Authority at
   this website - https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.  However, we respectfully
   request that you please email us via Recruiting_requests AT
   conversantmedia.com so that we can assist you.

   MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

   We may occasionally make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we do, we
   will update the “Last Modified” date above. If we make a material
   change, such as the ways in which we use Personal Data, we will notify
   you via a prominent notice on our Site and, if required by data
   protection law, seek your consent.

   [CJ_LOGO.svg]
     * What we do
          + Our Approach
          + The Power of Conversant
     * Solutions
          + Personalised Marketing
          + Affiliate Solutions
     * About
          + Blog
          + Resources
          + In the News
          + Press Releases
          + Partners
          + Careers
          + Contact us
     * Publishers
          + Benefits
          + Integrations
          + Join Us
     * Legal
          + Privacy Policy
          + Cookie Policy
          + Terms of Use
          + About our Ads
          + Modern Slavery Statement
          + MSA Policy for Suppliers
          + Review Consent Preferences

     * What We Do
          + Overview
          + The Power of Conversant
     * How We Do It
          + Overview
     * What We Know
          + Overview
          + Whitepapers
          + Blog
     * Who We Are
          + Overview
          + In the News
          + Partners
          + Press Releases
          + Our Locations
          + Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Publishers
          + Overview
          + Benefits
          + Integrations
          + Join Us
     __________________________________________________________________

Let's Connect!

     *
     *

     * Countries
     * Investor Relations
     * Login

   © 2019  Conversant Europe Limited. All rights reserved.
