   #next fashionCOW » Feed fashionCOW » Comments Feed

fashionCOW

Completely Obsessed With

   Log in |
     * Home
     * Editorials
     * Beauty
     * Avant-Garde
     * COVERS

Avant-Garde Theatre Commences in PRINT Publication

90's Muse ~ Stella Tennant Settles in for Grunge Redone

Lily's Lure is Legit in MONIED, SOCIETY, SUBMIT for 10

The Art of Fashion

A Veiled Victory is in Place as White Netting Falls Over Devon's Face

Looks Up High to See The Eye in Sky

Dreams Defined by Ethereal Designs "Colour Overload"

From Shakespeare's Pondering Prose, "What Light Through Yonder Window
Breaks?"

Ache to Unleash the Hidden Beast – Poetic Prose Tanyajo

Guinevere Van Seenus Seeks Silence Henrik Bülow for Fat

This Bold Story Will Stir the Collective Soul "Reflection"

Bathed in the Raw Beauty of Grace's Ever-Glowing Face

Is the Mask We Wear Our Truth or Is It the Skin Below?

Txema Yeste's Camera Tells Tale "Model Coven Casts Its Spell"

Art of Decadence the Penchant of Play Dominatrix Divine

Natalia S in 'Diary of A Wild Child' Alexandre Félix for Schön!

Woman Walking This World Alone...

Like Narcissus Before They're Consumed With Own Reflection Beauty Papers

Capture Wild Ways of the Chameleon

I'm the Leopard She Is Me We're One Heart of Humanity

Jazzelle Reaches Out to Find Strength of Her Own Hand

McGrath Gives Us Full-On Face First Fusion

Rooney Mara Explores Human Condition 'Universal' Tim Walker

A Silver Stare Reflects Resplendence

Trance State as Beads Dangle Down in Tush

Seduced by the Sight of Divine Light

Pat & Anna Cleveland Capture the Nuance of Chanel #5

Mimic Great Plates ~ Piero Fornasetti

Stone Shows Sensual Side of Summer "Luxury is Love"

Flanked in a Flurry of Florid Fashion

Capture Purple's Prose of Visual Poetry

Kate Moss Succumbs to a New State 'Women of Style' Vogue It.

Alice Takes Part in Garden's Green Art for Revs Digital

Hannah Elyse Bathed in Beauty 'Stark' for Black Mag

Lili Sumner Sinks into a State of Surrealism in Vulture

Anja Cihoric Explores Act of True Beauty 'Chipped' Ryan Yoon The GROUND

Jamie Bochert in 'Parallax' by Willy Vanderperre for Garage

Isabella O Puts on a Show 'The Mood Maker' Ryan Yoon

Lily McMenamy 'Hang Out Fall In Love' Alasdair McLellan, i-D Mag

Lindsey Byard Walks the 'Rugged Lines' by Cristian Di Stefano, Fault #18

Lily McMenamy Dares to Embrace the Dark Arts by Philip Riches

Lily McMenamy is Pure Poetry Wearing Jeremy Scott in 'Supersize Me' Dazed &
Confused

Alice Cornish 'The Past Was Not That Different From Today' by Ryan Yoon, The
GROUND. Original Poetry.

Amanda Wellsh Goes Back to Nature in Will Davidson' 'Wayfinder' for Vogue
Australia

Aline Weber Finds Art of the Ocean, Vogue Netherlands

Anja Rubik in ‘Freedom of Expression’ for BLK DNM 10th Anniversary by Johan
Lindeberg

Holly Rose in ‘The Rise of Holly Rose Emery’ by Beau Grealy for i-D
Australia, June 2014

Julia Nobis in 'Julia' by Anthony Maule, Numéro #139

More Obsessions

   September 10, 2019
   Published in: Avant-Garde

Zendaya Brings Simone Leigh's Works to Life in Garage

   Zendaya reaches for the sky in compelling captures by Ryan McGinley for
   Garage Magazine, F/W 2019. A powerful portrayal permeates the page, as
   this story invites us into the process. Evoking art that touches the
   heart, we’re moved by the act to embody truth. I felt distinctly
   honored to view these proud images. A bringing to life of the beauty of
   Simone Leigh’s Brick House.”This is a collaboration, A New Vision of
   Black Womanhood within the Pages of a Fashion Magazine.” Thelma Golden,
   Director and Chief Curator of The Studio Museum in Harlem, engages in a
   dynamic discussion held between herself, Simone Leigh & Zendaya.

   September 3, 2019
   Published in: Avant-Garde

Bella Hadid Brings the Heat in 'Hellz Bellz' Pop Magazine

   Bella Hadid is a Bottega Bitch in ‘Hellz Bellz’ by Hugo Comte for Pop
   Magazine, FW 2019. I’m not gonna pull any punches… I like my Bella with
   a Twist. Skin is in, with an open zipper showing us she’s wearing only
   a Bottega Veneta leather jacket. Hot On Top!!! Hold for bold as this
   editorial answers our call, allowing us to devour the delicious. This
   girl knows how to glow, with gorgeous angles that leave nothing to the
   imagination.

   August 29, 2019
   Published in: Avant-Garde

Malgosia Bela as Beautiful as Mighty Aphrodite in 032c

   Malgosia Bela embodies a modern day Aphrodite in ‘The Retina Not the
   Pearl‘ by Thomas Lohr for 032c. So perfect as if cut in stone…
   Malgosia’s curves have a mind of their own. The statuesque beauty
   morphs into a version of the past, appearing chiseled in stone as if to
   last. UK’s top special effects provider, FBFX, created a life-size 3D
   printed double of Bela, providing a sculptor copy of this rare beauty.

   August 22, 2019
   Published in: Avant-Garde

Fluid Fashions Find Calm Center in 'The Shape of Water'

   Ling Chen embodies mythological folklore in ‘The Shape of Water’ by Liu
   Song for Vogue Me China August 2019. She emerges from the water like a
   creature coming to life. Moving with mystical intent, shades of pink
   are cast across the water’s bed mimicking the energy of the ocean. Rich
   images are restrained yet bursting at the seems. The intention is
   unknown. Power is present, as beauty breeds a sense of well being.

   August 16, 2019
   Published in: Editorials

Let Dark Night Fall Over Bright Light 'Dreamlike Beauty'

   Anna Mila Guyenz finds herself phased by the elegant waves in
   ‘Dreamlike Beauty’ by Greg Swales for Vogue Taiwan, August 2019. A Bird
   of Beauty She Flies on High Spreading Her Wings to Meet the Sky. Garbed
   in gorgeous attire, Anna appears to have a wingspan of glorious
   proportion. Ruffles roar as feather fly giving the fabrics a winged
   illusion. Colors mimic the bird’s plumage as the contours of these
   designs are defined as if in flight.

   August 12, 2019
   Published in: Avant-Garde

Eye is Emblazoned Over Forest Like Symbol of Strength

   Mayowa Nicholas finds the forest of flight in ‘Ponse De Largo’ shot by
   Txema Yeste for Vogue Spain, August 2019. Immersing herself in the
   gorgeous, green of this luscious surroundings. Mayowa lifts the arms of
   her long, silk dress as she spreads her wings as if to take flight. An
   optical illusion ensues, as she appears to be walking on water. Red
   petals spill over every inch of her gown, making her appear like an
   angelic tree of the fantastical forest.

   August 4, 2019
   Published in: Avant-Garde

Bea Sweet Gets Deliciously Kitchy with 'Sci-Fi Glamour'

   Laura Schoenmakers & Natie Nowak channels the psychic forces of high
   fashion, in ‘Sci-Fi Glamour‘ by Carlijn Jacobs for Beauty Papers Issue
   #7. Art by nature is an amalgamation of emotions. This excites the
   senses. Moving through the visual medium landing somewhere in the realm
   of the mental. Mysterious meanderings takes us on a trip through the
   collective mind. As we travel we embrace the evocative nature of
   nuance.

   July 31, 2019
   Published in: Editorials

Sasha Belyaeva Dares to Embrace Blurry Lines of Being

   Sasha Belyaeva stuns us into submission shot by Elizaveta Porodina for
   Vogue Russia, August 2019. Working as an activist, singer and model,
   Sasha dares to embrace the blurry lines of being. Pictures emit a
   powerful presence oozing with enigmatic essence. Dark and light collide
   as this brilliant story exalts the beauty of living between. Shining
   Lights from Far and Wide Will Take You on a Spirit Ride.

   July 15, 2019
   Published in: Avant-Garde

Old/New Pieces from Archive Story to New Found Glory

   Ugbad Abdi in ‘Fierce Fall Fashion‘ by Sølve Sundsbø for V Magazine,
   V120 Fall 2019. High design is for the dreamers. This isn’t about cloth
   that cuts to your frame, this is about fabrics that find the folds of
   the body. Here, in the sweep of succulence we see a myriad of miracles
   come into play. That is the heat of haute couture. Art exposes truth.
   Abdi’s energy doesn’t overpower the ensemble, nor does is cower to it’s
   strengths.

   July 9, 2019
   Published in: Editorials

She Shines From Behind ~ Decadence Drips Down Back

   Alexandra Agoston immerses herself In the Immensity of ‘En La
   Inmensidad’ by of Yulia Gorbachenko for Harper’s Bazaar España, July
   2019. Shot in the Bolivan Salt Flats (know as the Solar De Uyuni),
   these artful captures play with the concept of spacial notion. This
   exquisite mise en scene provides a powerful look at the natural
   surroundings. Alexandra appears to float on the water in the middle of
   the ocean, while long limbs travel up and over the land’s edge.
   older entries
   [GVI1Z561_001.jpg?w=770&#038;ssl=1]
   [show?id=Z8wvk*pKqsU&bids=498776.11707007372&type=2&subid=0]

Follow Us

Beauty

   August 8, 2019
   Published in: Beauty

Back in Time Retro Beauty is Defined

   Bella, Bella Bring Me Home… I’m Calling to the Great Unknown. Back in
   time retro beauty is defined. Art is an energizing theme to explore as
   we delve inside the makeup artist’s mind. Using the face as a palate,
   we are challenged to leave behind the notion of pretty in favor of
   something more conceptually compelling.

T’s Philosophy

   August 8, 2019
   Published in: T'S PHILOSOPHY

Woman Walking This World Alone...

   Sara Blomqvist captures the je ne sais quoi of the city in ‘Paris Chic’
   by Sebastian Sabal-Bruce for Vogue Germany, September 2019. Suits send
   a message of strength, with squared shoulders and straight lines.

   June 26, 2019
   Published in: T'S PHILOSOPHY

Street Scene Seen in Hunger Magazine

   Marco Réa captures a unique blend of beauty/street in ‘Mask‘ by Chris
   Milo for Hunger Magazine. He applies his scattered artwork on copied
   photographs. Making the end result appear as if some of the paint is
   splattered over Nana Abramova’s fine face, while the rest is met with a
   pane of glass.

   December 23, 2018
   Published in: T'S PHILOSOPHY

The Lines of Lunacy All But Unleashed

   Unto this house we will a home… living far inside the palindrome… from
   back to front it is the same… hiding inside the sights of plain… ore’
   the pathway of beauty abounds… as water rushes in solemn surround… what
   was lost in truth we found… as we make our way to higher ground… faded
   in glory we feed on the light… hungry we hang on to witness the sight…
   bending in borrowed time we yield… ourselves to a state of reverent
   appeal….

Cover Wars

The Fashionable Lampoon

   Bibi Abdulkadir, Idina Moncreiffe, Ololade Ibrahim, Maria
   Vitoria, Alice Vink & Violet Threlfall are spirits of triumph in ‘To Be
   Resilient’ by Michal Pudelka for The Fashionable Lampoon, SS 2019.

V Magazine

   Gigi Hadid Makes Some Waves in “Fearless” by Mario Sorrenti for V
   Magazine 114, Fall Preview ’18.

Beauty Papers S/S 2018

   Son of the River God, Cephissus, in Greek Mythology ~ Narcissus ~ was a
   hunter known for his great beauty.

The Fashionable Lampoon

   Sedona Legge wears nobility well in “Hot/Holy, Crown Majesty” by
   Rankin, The Fashionable Lampoon Vol #13.

Harper’s Bazaar Turkey

   Julia Hafstrom becomes one with the leopard in this exquisite editorial
   by Kristian Schuller for Harper’s Bazaar Turkey, December 2017.

Vogue Italia

   Craig McDean celebrates the fire of the female spirit in Vogue Italia,
   January 2018.

Love Magazine

   Alasdair McLellan covers Models/Muppets for Love Magazine, Fall/Winter
   2017.

Vogue Italia

   Models are primed and ready to party in “The Celebration Issue” by Mert
   & Marcus for Vogue Italia, December 2017.

Photographers

   Txema Yeste Tim Walker Steven Klein Mert & Marcus Mario Testino Sølve
   Sundsbø Miles Aldridge Greg Kadel Ben Hassett Luigi + Iango Mario
   Sorrenti Steven Meisel Inez & Vinoodh Craig McDean Ellen von Unwerth
   Jeff Bark Willy Vanderperre Rankin Camilla Akrans Harley Weir David
   Sims Chris NIcholls Sebastian Kim Paolo Roversi Giampaolo Sgura Ryan
   Yoon David Roemer Nick Knight Alexi Lubomirski Sofia Sanchez & Mauro
   Mongiello Hunter & Gatti Alasdair McLellan Emma Summerton Daniel
   Sannwald Marcus Ohlsson Guy Aroch Richard Burbridge Nagi Sakai Hedi
   Slimane Nicolas Guérin David Dunan Collier Schorr Paola Kudacki Daniel
   Jackson Erik Madigan Heck Jamie Nelson Karl Lagerfeld Nikolay Biryukov
   Chuando & Frey Yelena Yemchuk

Models

   Anna Cleveland Kate Moss Guinevere van Seenus Anna Ewers Edie Campbell
   Anja Rubik Lindsey Wixson Lexi Boling Karlie Kloss Daphne Groeneveld
   Saskia de Brauw Karen Elson Lara Stone Malgosia Bela Bella Hadid Julia
   Nobis Gigi Hadid Lily McMenamy Crystal Renn Natasha Poly Catherine
   McNeil Molly Bair Coco Rocha Joan Smalls Jamie Bochert Kiki Willems
   Vittoria Ceretti Daria Strokous Issa Lish Cara Delevingne Meghan
   Collison Stella Lucia Zuzanna Bijoch Natalie Westling Marjan Jonkman
   Kendall Jenner Toni Garrn Eniko Mihalik Nadja Bender Georgia May Jagger
   Harleth Kuusik Rianne Van Rompaey Binx Walton Greta Varlese Aline Weber
   Naomi Campbell Hana Jirickova Chiharu Okunugi Barbara Palvin Sam
   Rollinson

Source

   Vogue Italia Numéro Magazine Vogue Paris W Magazine Vogue Germany Vogue
   Japan Love Magazine V Magazine Vogue Russia i-D Magazine Dazed &
   Confused Vogue UK Another Magazine Vogue China Garage Magazine Tush
   Magazine Schön Magazine Models.com Harper's Bazaar Spain Interview
   Magazine Numéro China Interview Germany Vogue Ukraine Pop Magazine
   Hunger Magazine Flare Magazine Vogue Brazil Vogue Netherlands Vogue
   Spain The Ground Muse Magazine Beauty Papers Dazed Magazine 10 Magazine
   Document Journal Numéro Russia Stylist France Revs Digital Lurve
   Magazine Antidote Magazine L’Officiel Singapore Numéro Tokyo Vogue
   Portugal CR Fashion Book Harper's Bazaar UK Dansk Magazine Wonderland
   Magazine Paper Magazine Elle UK Numéro Thailand

   © 2017 Fashioncow · All rights reserved for writing and editorial
   content · Privacy Policy · Sitemap · WordPress theme by
   topheavypilesofbooks

   Login

   Username
   ____________________

   Password
   ____________________

   [ ] Remember Me

   Log In [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)______

   Lost your password?
   Reset Password

   Username or E-mail:
   ____________________

   Get New Password [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)______

   Log in
