    not a honeypot link

   Major Announcement 16 Oct 2018
   Intel Announces Vision Accelerator Designs with Intel Movidius Myriad X
   VPUs
   Read More

   Developer Login News Events Careers Contact

   Movidius Logo

     * Home
     * Myriad X
     * Myriad 2
     * Neural Compute Stick
     * Learn More
          + Applications
          + Solutions
          + Technology
          + Research
     * Applications
     * Solutions
     * Technology
     * Research
     * Developer Login
     * News
     * Events
     * Carrers
     * Contact

Intel and Microsoft Enable AI at the Edge with Intel Movidius VPUs on Windows
ML

   The Intel VPU will allow developers to build and deploy the next
   generation of deep neural network applications on Windows clients.
   Microsoft Blog Intel News Byte

Ryze Tello Flies into CES

   Intel® Myriad™ VPU Operates as Sole Processor in Intelligent Toy Drone
   Read More Watch Video

Google Announces AIY Vision Kit Featuring Intel® Myriad™ VPU

   Google selects Intel Movidius Myriad 2 VPU for up to 60x acceleration
   Google Announcement Learn More

On-Device Computer Vision & AI

Introducing: Intel® Movidius™ Myriad™ X VPU

   Introducing Intel's Myriad™ X VPU: the third-generation VPU from
   Movidius™ with the all-new Neural Compute Engine capable of 10X the
   performance for on-device AI applications.
   Learn More AI at Intel

   Powered By Movidius Read More

Powering the Machine Intelligence Revolution

   Intel® Movidius™ VPUs drive the demanding workloads of  modern computer
   vision and AI applications at ultra-low power. By coupling highly
   parallel programmable compute with workload-specific hardware
   acceleration, and co-locating these components on a common intelligent
   memory fabric, Movidius achieves a unique balance of power efficiency
   and high performance. Movidius technology allows device makers to
   deploy deep neural network and computer vision applications in
   categories such as smartphones, drones, intelligent cameras and
   augmented reality devices.
   VPU Applications

On-Device AI Workloads

   Intel® Movidius™ Myriad™ VPUs are class leaders when it comes to low
   power execution of deep neural networks. The dedicated Neural Compute
   Engine in Myriad X delivers more performance per Watt than any VPU on
   the market, allowing on-device performance normally reserved for
   desktop class hardware. With over a decade of experience in embedded
   architecture and sparse data structure, the Myriad family of VPUs
   provide the ideal solution for device makers seeking to deploy advanced
   AI applications at the edge.
   About Our Technology Powered By Movidius Our VPUs

   Powered By Movidius Watch Video

Ultra-Low Power Solutions for On-Device Visual Intelligence

   Intel® Movidius™ Myriad™ VPUs are full-fledged system-on-chips (SoC)
   designed specifically for on-device computer vision and neural network
   applications. Myriad™ VPUs have dedicated architecture for high quality
   image processing, computer vision, and deep neural networks, making
   them suitable to drive the demanding mix of vision-centric tasks in
   modern smart devices. Whether it's the class-leading performance of
   Myriad™ X or the class-leading value of Myriad™ 2, it is now easier
   than ever to deploy advanced computer vision and AI applications in
   power constrained environments.
   Our VPUs

Our Visionary Solutions

   Vision Processing Units Hardware-accelerated visual intelligence at
   ultra-low power. View Our VPUs
   Software Development Kit Harness the power of Intel's Myriad™ VPUs for
   your specific needs through our powerful software development kit. More
   Information
   Neural Compute Stick Learn how to profile, tune and deploy deep neural
   networks at the edge using the Intel® Movidius™ Neural Compute Stick
   and Neural Compute SDK. More Information

Our Technology

   Intel® Movidius® VPUs feature a skillful balance between programmable
   and hard wired elements. This gives developers immediate access to its
   advanced neural network, imaging, and vision processing cores, while
   also allowing them to develop proprietary capabilities through the
   Myriad development platform and libraries.
   View Our Technology

Latest News & Announcements

   Stay up to date on the latest news and announcements from Movidius.
   7 March 2018
   Intel and Microsoft Enable AI Inference at the Edge with Intel®
   Movidius™ Vision Processing Units on Windows* ML
   Intel and Microsoft are collaborating on Windows OS native support for
   the Intel® Movidius™ Vision Processor Unit (VPU). This purpose-built
   chip for accelerating artificial intelligence workloads at…
   Read Story
   8 January 2018 Hello Tello - Ryze Announces Intel Myriad VPU…
   30 November 2017 Google Launches AIY Vision Kit Featuring…
   9 November 2017 Intel® Movidius™ Neural Compute Stick…

   Movidius Logo
     * Home
     * Myriad X
     * Myriad 2
     * Neural Compute Stick
     * Developer Login
     * News
     * Events
     * Carrers
     * Contact

Get In Touch

     * [us.png] Headquarters,
       San Mateo, California, USA
     * [ie.png] Design Center,
       Dublin, Ireland.
     * [ro.png] Design Center,
       Timisoara, Romania.

Latest News

Our Solutions

   Movidius provides dedicated computer vision solutions from silicon to
   algorithms.
   Machine Vision Algorithms Software Development Kit Vision Processing
   Unit

   © Copyright Movidius 2019. All Rights Reserved.
     * Sitemap
     * Terms
     * Privacy
