   #iGameMom feed next

   ≡ Menu
     * Home
     * Start Here
          + About iGameMom
          + Contact
          + Disclosure
     * Best Educational Apps for Kids
     * Best Learning Tools for Kids on Mobile Devices
     * Developers
     * Privacy Policy

   iGameMom header image
   ≡ Categories
     * Free Resources
     * STEM for Kids
          + Computer Coding for Kids
          + Math for Kids
          + Science for Kids
     * Learning Resource by Age
          + Age1-3
          + Age3-6
          + Age6-10
          + Age10-15
          + Age15+
     * Learning Resource by Subjects
          + Science
               o General Science
               o Animal
               o Astronomy
               o Chemistry
               o Physics
          + Math
          + Literacy
               o Letter
               o Spelling
               o Reading
                    # General Reading
                    # Biography
               o Language
          + Social
               o Geography
               o History
               o Business
               o Social
          + Games
               o General Game
               o Puzzle
               o Brain Training
          + Art
          + Music
          + General
          + Productivity
          + Safety
          + Special Need
          + Sports
     * Movies and Videos
          + Good Movies for Kids
          + YouTube Videos for Kids
     * Tech Tips
     * STEM Store

Halloween Movies for Kids That Are Not So Scary

   Halloween Movies for Kids That Are Not So Scary post image

   Halloween is a fun time for kids, especially younger ones. It is a good
   time for family fun too. Today we share some Halloween movies for kids
   that are not so scary, so the whole family can enjoy together.
   Halloween Movies for Kids That Are Not So Scary Most movie titles are
   linked to Amazon for your convenience. We appreciate if you can use our
   links when you purchase the movies. The cost to you is the same, but
   iGameMom… Read more

60 Halloween Science Experiments for Kids

   60 Halloween Science Experiments for Kids post image

   Halloween is the perfect time for science experiments. There are so
   many themes you can use for awesome science experiments kids will love:
   spider, pumpkin, body parts (eye balls, brain), candy. Today we share
   some fun Halloween Science Experiments, some are cute, some are spooky,
   and all are fascinating. Fantastic Halloween Science Experiments for
   Kids There are always candies around at Halloween. There are so much
   you can do with candies beside eating them. Try these fun 15 Candies
   STEM… Read more

9 Pumpkin Science Activities for Kids

   9 Pumpkin Science Activities for Kids post image

   Fall science experiments with real pumpkins. These fun ideas combine
   everything I love: fall season, pumpkins, science activities. Have you
   tried pumpkin science experiments? There are so many science activities
   you can do with pumpkins. Here are just some ideas. 9 Pumpkin Science
   Activities for Kids Learn life cycle of the pumpkin. Where are the
   seeds? How are the seeds spread? Do pumpkins have flowers? How long
   does it take for the real pumpkins to form and mature?  Explore the…
   Read more

7 Free STEM Websites

   7 Free STEM Websites post image

   These free STEM websites are wonderful resources for teachers,
   homeschool parents, and parents who like to supplement STEM activities
   to kids regular school work.  What is STEM? STEM stands for Science,
   Technology, Engineering, and Math. However it is not just including
   these 4 subjects into teaching curriculum. It is the more important to
   teach the thinking and problem solving skills through out the process.
   Most STEM teaching is project based that integrate more than one
   subjects, because that is how… Read more

Hands On Math Toys to Help Kids Love Math

   Hands On Math Toys to Help Kids Love Math post image

   Math is a tough subject for many kids. When I talk to other parents, I
   often sense a “fear of math”. However, we use math every day, and math
   is in fact a fun subject if you decide to treat it differently. How to
   make math fun? How to help kids love math? One thing is to find fun
   activities that involve math, like these kitchen math activities,
   outdoor math activities, even travel math activities. Today we
   introduce Hands-On Math… Read more

LEGO Building Challenge Games to Learn Area and Perimeter

   LEGO Building Challenge Games to Learn Area and Perimeter post image

   What to do with old LEGO bricks? Start a LEGO building challenge and
   learn math concepts and higher level thinking. This LEGO Challenge Game
   is for elementary kids who are learning basic geometry, and help them
   reinforce the concepts of area and perimeter. What is more, all the
   challenges not only reinforce math and geometry concepts, but also
   encourage higher level thinking skills. Students need some logic
   thinking and problem solving skills for these fun LEGO challenges on
   area and… Read more

10 Plant Science Experiments for Kids

   10 Plant Science Experiments for Kids post image

   We shared ideas of seed science experiments for kids a while ago. Today
   we will share easy plant science experiments you can do in your
   backyard or in your kitchen with kids. Kids will love to learn plant
   biology concepts, such as photosynthesis, transpiration, capillary
   action, with easy and fun activities. Easy Hands on Plant Science
   Experiments for Kids What do plants need to grow? Why not set up a
   science experiment to answer the question. Can a plant survive… Read
   more

Pepper and Soap Experiment and More Pepper Science for Kids

   Pepper and Soap Experiment and More Pepper Science for Kids post image

   Have you tried the pepper and soap experiment with kids? It is so easy
   and so magic to watch. It is a must-do kitchen science experiment at
   home. If you need direction on how to do it, we have linked one below.
   But don’t just stop there, I have some more extension experiments that
   are not as well-known as pepper and soap, but they also use pepper,
   also very easy. Some are just one quick addition to the pepper and…
   Read more

Science Experiments for Kids about Colors and Color Mixing

   Science Experiments for Kids about Colors and Color Mixing post image

   Colors always amazes me. Have you wonder why there are so many
   different colors? Have you tried color mixing with kids? Basically,
   when light shines on an object, parts of the light are absorbed by the
   object and others are bounced off or reflected off the object. The
   colors we see are the parts of the light that are reflected. It is a
   very abstract concept for kids to fully understand. However with some
   fun and easy science experiments, kids… Read more

Flower STEAM Activities for Preschool to School Age Kids

   Flower STEAM Activities for Preschool to School Age Kids post image

   Who doesn’t like flowers? While gardening with kids, enjoying the
   beautiful flowers in the yard, try some science math art learning with
   kids, and add some fun STEAM (science tech engineering art math)
   activities before you start digging in your yard. Over the time we have
   put together many fun flower activities for kids from preschool to
   school age. Here we try to put them all in one place. You will find
   flower crafts, flower science, flower math, and more… Read more

Color Mixing with Coding for Preschool Kids

   Color Mixing with Coding for Preschool Kids post image

   A while ago, we did a color mixing with Arduino coding and electric
   circuit. That activity is designed for older kids who already have
   programming experience. Today we share a fun activity for kids who have
   no computer coding and electric circuit experience. Kids can use RGB
   color codes to color a picture drawn in Microsoft Word. This is a
   digital way to learn about colors. Kids learn basic coding concepts
   that computers talk in a special language “code”, we… Read more

10 STEM Activities for Preschoolers and Toddlers

   10 STEM Activities for Preschoolers and Toddlers post image

   Do you do STEM activities with preschool children? STEM (Science
   Technology Engineer Math) is in our everyday life. The more kids see
   them, the more they participate activities involving STEM, the more
   chance they will like them and be good at them. We have been sharing
   many STEM activities at iGameMom. Each time we try to share activities
   for a wide age range, from toddler and preschooler to school age. Today
   we focus on STEM activities for preschoolers and toddlers… Read more

Best Learn Coding Websites and Apps for Kids

   Best Learn Coding Websites and Apps for Kids post image

   Best coding learning websites and apps that are designed for kids!
   Computer coding is becoming a more and more essential skill for today’s
   kids. Even if they are not planning to become a computer programmer, it
   is important for them to know how computers work and be more
   comfortable when interacting with digital machines. I am glad to see
   many organizations recognize the need and developed fascinating tools
   teaching young children programming. Amazingly, many of these learning
   tools are free, some… Read more

7 Science Activities for Kids to Learn About the Moon

   7 Science Activities for Kids to Learn About the Moon post image

   We have posted many science activities for kids. Today we share some
   fun science activity ideas for kids to learn about the moon. They can
   be part of your space or solar system unit study. I hope these activity
   ideas will help kids learn that science is in our everyday life, and
   encourage kids to have a curious scientific mind. Fun Moon Science
   Projects for kids The first thing you can do with kids to learn about
   moon is to… Read more

Best Science News Websites for Kids

   Best Science News Websites for Kids post image

   Best science news websites for kids! Keeping up with the newest trend
   in science has many benefits for kids that go beyond knowing what is
   going on in science fields. Reading science news will enrich kids’
   science vocabulary, encourage scientific thinking, stimulate
   creativity, and promote imagination and invention. I still remember
   reading science magazines my parents had when I was in school. As those
   were magazines for adults, I did not quite understand everything, but
   still, I liked those articles… Read more
   Previous Posts

   Welcome to iGameMom — Fun STEM learning ideas for kids. Math, science,
   tech, engineering activities kids love!
   LEGO Challenge Card

   Enter Search Words__ Search on iGameMom

                               Creation Crate

Popular Posts

     * Color Mixing with Coding for Preschool Kids
     * Best Learn Coding Websites and Apps for Kids
     * 11 Kids Activities to Learn Coding without a Computer
     * RGB Color Mixing with Coding Spring Template
     * Best Coding Toys Teaching Kids Computer Programming

Follow iGameMom!

   Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Follow Us on Instagram
   Follow Us on Pinterest Follow Us on E-mail Follow Us on YouTube

Best STEM Learning Ideas

     * 60 Halloween Science Experiments for Kids
     * 9 Pumpkin Science Activities for Kids
     * 7 Free STEM Websites
     * Hands On Math Toys to Help Kids Love Math
     * LEGO Building Challenge Games to Learn Area and Perimeter

   type search word her Search on iGameMom

Best Learning Resources

     * Best Learn Coding Websites and Apps for Kids
     * 21 Best Math Apps Teaching Math Concepts with Games
     * Best Vocabulary Learning Tools for Kids
     * Best Learning Tools For Kids to Learn Counting
     * Best Spelling Learning Tools for Kids on iPad and Other Tablets

   [tr?id=1827432480918530&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
