   cea logo LaBri logo inria logo inria logo anr logo

   Home Edge Localised Modes Meetings Reports Codes Publications Links

   Aster Alpinus

Project ASTER (financed by ANR-CIS-2006)

Adaptive mhd Simulation of Tokamak Elms for iteR

Resume

   The magneto-hydro-dynamic instability called ELM for Edge Localized
   Mode is commonly observed in the standard tokamak operating scenario.
   The energy losses the ELM will induce in ITER plasmas are a real
   concern. However, the current understanding of what sets the size of
   these ELM induced energy losses is extremely limited. No numerical
   simulations of the complete ELM instability, from its onset through its
   non-linear phase and its decay, exist in literature. Recently,
   encouraging results on the simulation of an ELM cycle have been
   obtained with the JOREK code developed at CEA but at reduced toroidal
   resolution. The JOREK code uses a fully implicit time evolution scheme
   in conjunction with the PaStiX sparse matrix library. In this project
   it is proposed to develop and implement methods to improve the MHD
   simulation code to enable high-resolution MHD simulations of ELMs. The
   ELM simulations are urgently needed to improve our understanding of
   ELMs and to evaluate possible mechanism to control the energy losses.
   The improvements include adaptive mesh refinement, a robust numerical
   MHD scheme and refinable cubic Hermite finite elements. These
   developments need to be consistent with the implicit time evolution
   scheme and the PaStiX solver. The implicit scheme is essential due to
   the large variety of time scales in the MHD simulations. The new
   methods will be implemented and evaluated in the code FluidBox,
   developed by the ScAlApplix team and the JOREK code to optimize the
   exchange of expertise on numerical methods and MHD simulations.

   The project is a collaboration between the Departement de Recherche sur
   la Fusion Controlee (DRFC, CEA/Cadarache) and the Laboratoire Bordelais
   de Recherche en Informatique (LaBRI) and Mathmatiques Appliques de
   Bordeaux (MAB) at the University of Bordeaux I.

People

Remi Abgrall       Mathmatiques Appliques de Bordeaux (MAB), Universit Bordeaux
I
Marina Becoulet    Departement de Recherches sur la Fusion Controlee, Associatio
n Euratom-CEA Cadarache
Olivier Coulaud    LaBRI (UMR 5800), Bordeaux
Pascal Henon       INRIA (UR FUTURS), Bordeaux
Robin Huart        Mathmatiques Appliques de Bordeaux (MAB), Universit Bordeaux
I
Guido Huysmans     Departement de Recherches sur la Fusion Controlee, Associatio
n Euratom-CEA Cadarache (coordinator)
Boniface N'Konga   Mathmatiques Appliques de Bordeaux (MAB), Universit Bordeaux
I
Stanislas Pamela   Departement de Recherches sur la Fusion Controlee, Associatio
n Euratom-CEA Cadarache
Pierre Ramet       LaBRI (UMR 5800),  Universit Bordeaux I
Guillaume Latu     Partner from Universit Strasbourg I
Emiel van der Plas Departement de Recherches sur la Fusion Controlee, Associatio
n Euratom-CEA Cadarache
Postdoc LaBRI      LaBRI (UMR 5800),  Universit Bordeaux I
