   #One Smoove Family - Atom One Smoove Family - RSS

One Smoove Family

   From Surviving Parenthood to Having Fun (while on a Budget). Budget-
   and time-friendly recipes, fun ideas for the family. Making the most of
   our time.

Sunday, December 9, 2012

   [logo.gif]
   []
   Stationery card
   View the entire collection of cards.
   2 comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Tuesday, October 16, 2012

Carnival Birthday Party - Prizes!

   Oriental Trading had a great deal for the type of prizes I needed -
   they have several options in the size of bag and types of goodies in
   each.  In addition to the prizes from there, I also got some of the
   items from the $1 bins at Target and also from the party store.
   The more desirable prizes cost more tickets.  I made sure I had a wide
   range of ticket "costs" so that everyone would be able to go home with
   some fun.
   [prizes.jpg]
   In order to come up with the number of tickets awarded at the games and
   how many tickets the prizes would cost, I thought about how many games
   I had (8, since the photo booth and face painting didn't award
   tickets), how many games each child could play in about an hour, and
   the difficulty.  First I assigned ticket prices to the prizes (25, 50,
   100, etc.)  In order to earn a 100-ticket prize, a child would have to
   have played each game twice and achieved most of the goals.  The
   children were awarded tickets at each game for participation, and a
   higher amount for achieving the goal (such as hitting the golf ball
   through the castle).
   Some games had levels of tickets: playing the Balloon Darts would win a
   player 2 tickets for any color balloon and 3 for any white balloon.
   For the Shooting Gallery, the player wins 2 tickets for each ping pong
   ball knocked off the tee.
   I had an adult assigned to each game station (or in between two) to
   hand out tickets and explain the game.  This was the biggest help of
   all - recruiting help was essential to this being a success!
   [prize-table2.jpg]
   The prize table was set up, so that the kids could look at the options
   and decide what to buy.  I bought individual popcorn containers from
   Target to hold the prizes, and this was each guest's take-home gift.
   In the end, everyone's container was very bountiful.
   [prize-table.jpg]
   Having a Fantastic Carnival Party:
   - Carnival Party - Games﻿
   - Decorations
   - Food
   19 comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: birthday, carnival, games, party, prizes

Carnival Birthday Party - All About Games

   My daughter came up with the idea of a carnival-themed party for her
   birthday, and it was so much fun to get ideas and plan.  I hope what I
   share can help inspire your next celebration.
   [carnival-welcome.jpg]
   From the first mention of the idea, we began planning - writing down
   ideas, looking in magazines and on Pinterest for decorations, making
   the list of food we'd have.  From that list of ideas, I whittled it
   down to what was achievable, and then agreed to consider it a success
   if I just pulled off 80% of our plan.  This relieved a lot of stress,
   and helped me prioritize and plan the most important ideas first and
   save some of the "would be nice if it happened" for "if there's still
   time."
   First, I enlisted help from my family and friends - from saving cans
   for games to blowing up balloons the week before to pulling pretzels
   out of the oven the morning of the big day.  The planning and idea
   stage was about 2 months prior to the party, which helped tremendously
   in not feeling stressed by the rush to get it all done.  Having time on
   my side was more helpful than I even imagined.  I'm not someone who
   typically plans that far in advance for any big event - except for a
   Disney trip :-). So this was definitely new territory, but all the
   accolades on Party Day made it worth the effort.
   Being on a budget, I listed our game ideas and what materials we'd need
   to create them.  We narrowed it down the ones that would be most fun
   for the age group and also least costly.  I tried to use materials we
   already had around the house or could borrow.  I even had 1 or 2
   "maybes" in case we ran out of time or room, or a planned game had to
   be taken off the list.
   GAME SIGNS
   The signs for each game were something I started on in advance.  I
   liked a few ideas I saw with the triangle banners.  I used
   constructions paper mostly. For some game titles, I used scrapbook
   paper that fit in with the color scheme (primary colors, mainly red,
   yellow and blue).  I wrote down game titles for all the planned (and
   backup) games, so I would know how many coordinating triangles I'd need
   for each, then all three of my children and I cut them out.   I got
   them involved anytime I could.  They were excited to be helping.
   [banner.jpg]
   On each triangle I glued a letter - most of these were cut out with a
   Cricut® machine that I borrowed.  This saved a ton of time and also
   looked great!!  I punched holes on the ends and threaded red yarn
   through to connect them.
   A few game signs (with long titles), I printed on paper with a Rosewood
   font, and matted the sign with festive paper.
   [sign.jpg]
   PRIZES
   With each game, the player earned tickets toward prizes at the end.  I
   gave a ticket just for participating/trying, but more tickets for
   obtaining the goal. More details about the tickets and prizes...
   1. Balloon Darts ($10.50 for 36 darts at Oriental Trading; $6 for
   balloons)
   For the balloon darts game, I found a fairly large piece of cardboard
   in our garage and tested pinning a balloon to it to make sure it'd stay
   with a thumb tack.  I also tested how long the balloon remained
   inflated (in the garage) to determine how far in advance I could set up
   the balloons on the board before the party.  Blowing up 5" balloons
   with an air pump lasted over a week before they began to deflate and
   lose air.
   I wasn't able to find a large selection of multi-colored balloons in
   the 5" size, so I ended up getting a few packages of tye-dye water
   balloons, which looked and worked great.
   I covered the piece of cardboard in some left over table covers (red,
   yellow and blue).  Next I fastened (with thumbtacks) all white balloons
   to form a number 9 in the center (her birthday age). Finally, I filled
   in the rest of the board with the color balloons.  To earn tickets, I
   decided that popping a white balloon would also be worth more.
   [balloon2.jpg] [balloon1.jpg]
   I ended up using about 90 balloons on the board, then blowing up an
   additional 90 to use for refills as the game was played throughout the
   day, putting the extras in plastic garbage bags.
   I ordered the darts form Oriental Trading - they had primary, fun
   colors and in a large quantity, which ended up being the best price.
   Each player received three darts.  I rewarded 2 tickets for each
   balloon; 3 if it were a white one.
   2. Clothespin Drop ($0)
   I used an empty glass candle jar (about 9" tall), cleaned it out with
   lamp oil, to remove the wax. The kids painted a couple of
   clothespins, and this was placed on an outdoor blanket for the game.
   The object is to stand over the jar, hold the clothespin to your nose
   and try to drop it in the jar.  We gave each player three pins.
   [clothespin2.jpg]
   3. Bottle Bowling ($4 water bottles)
   For this, I decided to use water bottles as the pins.  I had the kids
   test out several types of balls in advance to decide which was the most
   successful, but also challenging, in knocking them down.  We ended up
   using baseballs, which were a perfect weight to knock down the filed
   bottles. I kept the lids and filled the bottles with water, nearly to
   the top, which ended up weighing right at one pound each.  For a
   festive disguise, I covered the bottles in some colorful scrapbook
   paper.  I used a piece of 1/4" board from our garage as the alley and
   drew the arrows on it with a red marker, to emulate a bowling lane.
   Any flat surface would work - if using a sidewalk, patio or driveway,
   you could use chalk to draw the triangles.
   [bottle-bowling.jpg]
   4. Photo Booth ($3 for props)
   For the "stage, I used a nylon puppet theater to set the stage for our
   photo booth.  I had this in a "donate" bag, but pulled it out for the
   party, when I saw this idea. I looked at ideas for props, and even saw
   some in the store later, but cut out my own with construction paper and
   glued them to bamboo skewers. I also had the kids look through former
   dress-up costumes for fun things like hats and silly glasses.
   [photo-booth.jpg] [theater.jpg]
   I set this up by taping it (on the top) to our swing set.  I had the
   kids use props and pose for pictures ahead of time.  Then I printed off
   a few photos to show ideas for how it worked.
   5. Baseball ($0)
   For this game, I used aluminum cans (canned veggies), well rinsed.  I
   also covered these in scrapbook paper to camouflage.  We set this up on
   a card table and used whiffle balls to knock over.  Tennis balls would
   have worked as well. The reason we didn't use actual baseballs was
   because we thought if someone's aim wasn't perfect, a stray whiffle
   ball would probably be the less damaging or painful.
   [baseball-pic.jpg]
   6. Shooting Gallery ($7 for golf tees; $6 for ping pong balls; $1 for
   package of three water guns )
   This fun game involves shooting water guns at the ping pong balls to
   see how many can be shot off the golf tee.  I used part of a 2x4 board
   in our garage, and had my husband drill holes in it, just deep enough
   to hold a golf tee.  I bought a bag of white golf tees and used the
   kids’ leftover acrylic paints to brighten them up for the carnival.
   After adding some ping-pong balls and a few tiny water guns, this game
   was complete.  We used a saw horse, covered in a table cover, to hold
   the board.
   [golf-tees.jpg]
   [golf-tees2.jpg]
   [golf-tees3.jpg]
   7. Ping-Pong Toss ($6 for ping pong balls [used one package for both
   games 6 and 7]; $5 for clear cups)
   Our second use for the bag of ping pong balls was a toss game, into
   cups of water.  I used clear plastic cups, filled with water.  A few of
   them had blue food coloring, a few more had red, and the rest were
   clear.  The colors were worth more points, and also in a more difficult
   place on the table.  Each player got three attempts.
   [pingpongtoss.jpg]
   8. Ring Toss ($1, bracelets; about $12 for bottles of IBC)
   Until my dad offered a terrific original Coke crate (which I used), my
   first idea was using an old box.  I'd cut around the sides so that only
   4-5" were left.  Then I used paint to decorate it with red and white
   stripes.  Since we don't use glass bottled drinks often, I looked for
   sales and stocked up when IBC went on sale.  I bought some regular root
   beer (brown bottles) and also some black cherry (in clear.  They make
   great floats for the kids, if you have trouble drinking all that soda.
   For the rings, I used some hard plastic bracelets from the Dollar
   Store.
   [ringtoss.jpg]
   9. Mini-Golf ($4)
   On a trip to Home Depot one day for some paint, I looked at the
   clearance shelf and found a gem for one of the games.  It was a wooden,
   build-it-yourself castle for mini-golf.  This was a great find, because
   my son would enjoy building it, and it would serve as a fun game - plus
   the kit was only $3.  Using a small container of mis-tinted paint ($1),
   this was perfectly-priced game.
   [minigolf.jpg]
   10. Face Painting ($12 for paint kit)
   My daughter (not the birthday girl) volunteered to paint faces and
   practiced on the other two the week before.  She drew on a poster the 6
   decorations she could do, and had "customers" pick one.
   [facepaint.jpg]
   11. Guess How Many Gumballs
   We counted ahead of time and filled a Mason jar with gumballs - the
   closest guess got to take the jar home!
   [gumballs.jpg]
   Other ideas we had - but didn't use this year:
   - ducks in the pond (baby pool) - picking the one specially marked to
   earn a prize
   - Cake Walk
   - Pie in the face
   - Bean Bag Toss
   - Fishing (using pole with magnet and paper fish in a pool/pond (dry),
   also with magnet to see how many you can catch
   - Bobbing for Apples:  I borrowed a metal galvanized tub for this
   activity.  However, before the party, some of the kids in the group had
   become ill, so I decided it wouldn't be a good idea to share water at
   the party.  Instead I ended up using this for ice and cold water.
   32 comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: balloon, banners, birthday, carnival, cricut, games, outdoor,
   party, ping pong, signs, summer, water gun

Thursday, October 4, 2012

Science Party: experiments, snow, explosions, astronomy...

   My daughter is very much into science: experiments, space, anything
   related to science.  She asked for a science-themed birthday party.
   [deco.jpg]
   I found a great website that had all the materials and detailed
   instructions for for some really cool experiments to do at the party -
   everything was very hands-on, so all the guests got to do something
   fun. Steve Spangler Science (website).
   The mentos and diet coke explosion has become fairly familiar.  I
   thought this would provide some excitement.  I bought several 2 liters
   of Diet Coke and a pack of Mentos, so we could perform this a few
   times.  Steve Spangler's website sells a contraption that makes it easy
   to drop the mentos into the bottle while allowing enough distance and
   time to run away before the soda volcano covers you.
   [mentos_experiment.jpg]
   Inside, we all played with sand that didn't get wet, blue goo worms
   that went from liquid to solid out-of-water, and tiny gelatinous beads
   that not only expanded significantly in water, but also took on the
   color properties of the water:
   [sand_experiment.jpg]
   [worms_experiment.jpg] [worms_experiment2.jpg]
   [jewels_experiment.jpg]
   Also inside, we held a centrifugal force experiment with a bicycle
   wheel.  By spinning the wheel and tilting it slightly, the person
   holding the wheel felt strong forces of movement associated with that.
   [force.jpg]
   Outside, we continued our fun with some Insta-Snow (from Spangler).
   Just add a small amount (I used plastic cups for each person), then
   combine with water to watch it grow instantly into snow.  It felt
   exactly like snow!  Amazing experiment - I highly recommend. (You just
   can't eat it).  It only disappears as it dries out, but you can add
   more water later to bring it back.
   [snow_experiment.jpg]
   Finally, we took a look at the moon - it was a perfect evening -
   through my father-in-law's telescope.  It was the first time for most
   of the guests, so they loved it!
   [telescope.jpg]
   From not knowing how to pull off a "science" party to getting ideas
   from my father-in-law and some great ready-to-do and kid-friendly
   experiments from the Steve Spangler site, it turned into a successful
   evening and one that the kids talked about for months!
   9 comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: birthday, experiment, mentos, party, science, telescope

Tuesday, June 12, 2012

Tower of Enchirito: Week 4

   As we were trying to title this entree, my children came up with "Tower
   of Enchirito" - combining enchiladas and Doritos, plus the fact that we
   built layers like a tower.  We came up with this mexican casserole with
   what we had in pantry - it was something new we hadn't tried before,
   and the kids loved it!  Even the leftovers are delicious.
   Cost: $18; serves 8 (large servings)
   Ingredients:
   1 lb (or 1.25 lb) hamburger (or meat of your choice)
   1 large can refried beans
   2 cans enchilada sauce (I used one green chile and one red)
   1 large block cheese (I used combination of Mont Jack, and Cheddar)
   1 small can olives (optional)
   6 regular flour tortillas (or corn, if you prefer)
   about 1/4 bag of Doritos or one of the snack-size bags
   1 can Rotel
   Preheat oven to 350. Cook hamburger until done.  Add Rotel and refried
   beans.  In 9x13 dish, pour about 2/3 can enchilada sauce on bottom;
   coat both sides of tortillas, and place in bottom of pan, flat, so that
   the pan is covered.  Overlapping the tortillas is fine, or tear some
   pieces off to make up for the bare spots.  Sprinkle grated cheese on
   top, then spoon beef/bean mixture on top.  Put handful of olives on top
   of meat. Layer with enchilada-sauce coated tortillas, and repeat
   cheese, meat, olives.  The easiest method for coating the tortillas
   (which you don't have to do - but it helps get the flavor on the
   inside) is to pour the sauce on top of the pan or mixture, then just
   press the tortilla into it, and flip them over to the other side.
   For the top, end with a layer of tortillas, pour any remaining
   enchilada sauce on top, sprinkle with cheese and olives.  Crush Doritos
   and layer on top of cheese. Bake about 20 min, until cheese is melted,
   then serve.  It only took about 35 min from start to finish.
   The Doritos really give a nice crunch and zestiness to the dish.
   [IMG_9581ed.jpg]
   Our family of 5 ate approx half the dish, so we had enough leftovers
   for a few lunches or an entire second meal.
   1 comment:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: budget, dinner, food, mexican, new

  Pretzels: A Pursuit of the Best

   Do you ever get in the mood to make something in particular, look up a
   recipe online, and find 6 variations of the same recipe, then wonder
   which one is going to be the right one?  Well, I took several
   variations of pretzel recipes to find the one that worked best - and I
   hope this helps saves others some time in their pursuit.
   My daughter decided on a carnival-themed birthday party this year. One
   idea for food was, of course, pretzels - what carnival is complete
   without those yummy snacks that call for salt, or sugar, or mustard.
   [IMG_9600ed.jpg]
   Wanting to be prepared, I thought I'd try these out ahead of time to be
   sure I could make them, and also to test how far ahead I could make
   them, and they still taste good - a day, 2 days?  First I attempted a
   from-scratch recipe with yeast, flour, etc., dipping them into a
   baking-soda/water mixture before baking.  Well, the entire batch was a
   disaster.  Maybe I let the dough rise too long, or maybe it was just a
   bad recipe.  At any rate, even with all the mustard in the world, I
   couldn't eat these pretzels.
   So I turned to the Pillsbury breadsticks recipe for pretzels.  Even
   with these, I found many variations, so I spent one morning testing out
   each one to determine which was really the best.
   One can of breadsticks has 12 sections.  If you use only one to form
   the pretzel, it's very small, and would fit in the palm of your hand -
   almost better to make garlic knots with.  However, rolling out two
   strips into long ropes and connecting them will make a perfect sized
   pretzel - not the huge kind you get at the game, but a great size for
   kids and snacking.
   [IMG_9587ed.jpg]
   I separated each section and rolled it on my stone until it was thin
   and round. Next I brought two end together to create a circle, twisted
   the ends around each other, then flipped it over the circle, to make
   the pretzel shape.  I made 2 small (one section) and 2 regular size
   (with 2 sections).
   [IMG_9583ed.jpg]
   [IMG_9584ed.jpg]
   [IMG_9585ed.jpg]
   [IMG_9586ed.jpg]
   One variation I had seen online mentioned freezing the pretzels after
   forming them, so that they would keep their shape and not bulk up so
   much, so I tried this method with half.  I formed the pretzels and
   stuck them in the freezer on some parchment paper while the first half
   was baking. This would be a way to make a large number of them ahead of
   time, so only the baking time is left - not the rolling out and forming
   into pretzel shapes.
   The other variations I'd seen in recipes involved the basting of the
   pretzel prior to baking.  The 4 most common I saw called for one of
   these (so I tried all four to compare):
   - the whole egg, whisked
   - egg yolk, whisked
   - egg white, whisked
   - melted butter (not pictured)
   [IMG_9582ed.jpg]
   [IMG_9588ed.jpg]
   (Above) Going into the oven: top left - egg white; top right - melted
   butter;
   bottom left - egg yolk; bottom right - egg
   Coming out of the oven, the one coated in egg yolk was the best looking
   - very golden.  The one dipped in melted butter didn't have any of the
   "shine" like the others did.  I noticed with the whisked egg (not
   separated) that I got a little too much in one spot, and it started
   cooking, so be careful that you give the pretzel a light coating.
   [IMG_9590ed.jpg]
   As far as taste, the melted butter one didn't seem to add much flavor
   to the breadstick - it just tasted like a breadstick.  The egg white
   and egg yolk coated pretzels also just tasted like normal breadsticks
   (which are still delicious).  The pretzel with the whole egg had some
   flavor to it that made it taste more like a pretzel to me, than the
   others.  I could tell a difference, and it was not egg-tasting, at all.
   Also, the addition of sesame seeds and/or sea salt helps enhance the
   flavor and take it more to the pretzel taste from the breadstick.  If
   using these toppings, pinch some in your fingers and sprinkle on before
   baking, so it sticks.  After baking, the egg will harden the outside,
   making it difficult for toppings to adhere.  If making a sweet pretzel,
   I think brushing with butter, then sprinkling with cinnamon-sugar
   (after baking) would work.  I didn't try this, because I probably won't
   be making sweet pretzels for the party - however, they do sound tasty.
   [IMG_9594.JPG]
   When comparing the final product of the straight-into-the-oven vs the
   freeze-first batches, the frozen ones did hold more true to their shape
   in size (left), and didn't plump up as much as the ones that went
   straight in (right).  As far as taste, the flavor didn't change, but
   the texture of the straight-in batch was more fluffy, and the frozen
   only slightly more dense.  To me, it wasn't enough difference to choose
   one over the other - it will just come down to time, and how I want to
   prepare ahead of time.
   [IMG_9598ed.jpg]
   Right out of the oven, they all tasted delicious.  I'm going to cover
   them and check again later this evening and then tomorrow.  If there
   are any pieces left, I'll test two days out to see how the taste and
   texture hold up with time.
   After just a few hours (I couldn't wait), the egg-covered was still
   great; the butter-covered had already gotten too chewy and lost a bit
   of the soft, freshness.  I think the egg-coating helps seal in the
   softness of the inside for longer.

   1 comment:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: carnival, food, prepare ahead, pretzel, recipes, snack

Thursday, May 17, 2012

Turkey-Cheddar Meatloaf (week 3)

   I decided to try ground turkey for meatloaf this week, and it was a
   good decision.  The texture was perfect; the flavor was fantastic.
   Cost: $12 (not purchasing new bottles of sauce and but accounting for
   using what you already have)
   Ingredients:
   2 lb ground turkey
   1 envelope Lipton onion soup mix
   1 cup breadcrumbs
   1 cup ketchup
   2 eggs
   1/2 cup finely chopped green pepper
   2 cups shredded sharp cheddar
   1 tsp cumin
   1/4 cup A1
   1/4 cup BBQ sauce
   1/8 cup Worcestershire sauce
   Preheat oven to 400 F.  In large mixing bowl, combine sauces, using
   only 1/8 cup ketchup, green pepper and eggs.  You can use any various
   combinations of the liquid ingredients/sauces, to equal about 3/4 cup.
   Mix in ground turkey. Add breadcrumbs, onion soup mix, and cumin;  mix
   into turkey well. Mix in shredded cheese.
   [IMG_9230sm.jpg]
   [IMG_9234sm.jpg]
   Spoon mixture into loaf pan.  Yes, I use a spoon even for mixing - I
   know some believe in doing this with hands only, but I don't feel that
   using a spoon makes it any less tasty.  I used a 4-mini loaf pan which
   makes smaller loaves, allowing more edges.  It also doesn't usually
   take as long to bake as a loaf pan.
   [IMG_9236sm.jpg]
   Cover loaf  (or each loaf) with remaining ketchup, thickly covering the
   top to coat.  You could also use BBQ sauce instead for a spicier
   flavor.
   Bake for an hour (may need to be longer in one loaf pan.  Make sure
   temp reaches 170 degrees.
   [IMG_9237sm.jpg]
   Remove from oven and serve in slices.  The cheese inside keeps the
   moisture and adds flavor, without it being greasy. Delicious!  And the
   leftovers taste good, heated in the microwave or on a sandwich.
   Serve with mashed potatoes or cheesy fries.
   [IMG_9241sm.jpg]
   No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: cheese, dinner, food, ground turkey, meal ideas, meatloaf, new,
   recipes

  Cheesy Fries (week 3)

   This week I have 2 new dishes: one of which is a side dish.  These
   cheesy fries look very much like the appetizer one might find at
   Chili's.  It's a delicious party dish or side dish to BBQ, chili or
   Turkey and cheddar meatloaf (my new meal this week).
   Cost: about $9, if you have the seasonings on hand already
   Ingredients:
   4-6 potatoes
   2 cups shredded cheddar
   jalapenos
   5 slices cooked bacon
   1 green onion, sliced thinly
   2 Tbsp olive oil
   Seasoning mix:
   2 tsp paprika
   1/2 tsp each: chili powder, onion powder, garlic powder
   1/4 tsp cumin
   salt - dash
   pepper - to taste
   Preheat oven to 400 F.  Cut potatoes into 1/4" slices.  I used a wavy
   cutter to give it the true "fry" look and also helps with keeping the
   oil and seasonings on the potato.
   [IMG_9215sm.jpg]
   Put slices into 1 gallon Ziploc bag and pour in olive oil.  Close bag
   and work potatoes slices to coat evenly.  Next, add the seasoning mix
   to the bag, close and work potatoes to coat.  This is a great task for
   the kids to help with.
   [IMG_9216sm.jpg]
   [IMG_9218sm.jpg]
   Place potato slices in single layer on foil-lined baking sheet(s) and
   bake about 25 min. until tender. If they need to crisp some more, turn
   on the broiler for about 5 minutes.  Remove from oven.  Combine into
   one dish (9x13 works well), if you had to use two.  Remove foil from
   pans.  Cover with shredded cheese; sprinkle with bacon pieces,
   jalapenos and onion slices.
   [IMG_9219sm.jpg]
   Place back in oven to bake (350 or 400 - not broiler) for about 10 min,
   until cheese is melty. Serve immediately with ranch dressing for a dip,
   if desired.
   [IMG_9224sm.jpg]
   [IMG_9225ed.jpg]

   No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: bacon, cheese, food, new, potato, recipes, side dish

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Search This Blog

   __________ Search

Subscribe

   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments

Pinterest

   Follow Me on Pinterest

Topics

     * DIY (5)
     * party (6)
     * recipes (7)

Labels

   activities (1) apple (1) backpack (1) bacon (1) balloon (1) banners (1)
   birthday (6) budget (4) cake (3) carnival (3) cheese (3) chicken (1)
   chips (1) chocolate (2) clothes (1) craft (2) cricut (1) cushions (1)
   decoration (2) dessert (1) dinner (3) dip (1) Disney (1) DIY (5) dragon
   (1) experiment (1) fabric (1) family (3) food (5) friends (1) fruit (1)
   fun (1) games (2) ground turkey (1) guacamole (1) hawaiian (1) jump
   rope (1) kids (2) luau (1) meal ideas (3) meatball (1) meatloaf (1)
   medieval (1) mentos (1) mexican (1) mozzarella (1) new (7) outdoor (1)
   party (6) peanut butter (1) ping pong (1) pirate (1) potato (2) prepare
   ahead (1) pretzel (1) prizes (1) pumpkin (1) quesadilla (1) re-use (2)
   recipes (7) regular (1) salad (1) science (2) ship (1) side dish (2)
   signs (1) sleepover (1) snack (2) strawberries (1) summer (1) telescope
   (1) toffee (1) volcano (1) water gun (1)

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2012 (19)
          + ▼  December (1)
               o Stationery cardView the entire collection of cards...
          + ►  October (3)
          + ►  June (2)
          + ►  May (12)
          + ►  April (1)

   Awesome Inc. theme. Theme images by molotovcoketail. Powered by
   Blogger.
