   #Adssets » Feed Adssets » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   Adssets

   [acmsivo.png] [acmplavo.png]
     *

     * Product
     * Company
     * News
     * Contact
     *

   ____________________

Who we are

   Our website address is https://adssets.com.

What personal data we collect and why we collect it

General

   Adssets does not collect personally identifiable information (“PII”)
   from your visit to its domains, including but not limited to
   adssets.com and pliing.com, other than information that you voluntarily
   supply. We designed this Privacy Policy to make important disclosures
   about how we collect and use the information of visitors. By using or
   accessing adssets.com (the “Website”) or using the Adssets Services (as
   defined below), you agree to our privacy practices outlined herein.
   This Privacy Policy applies to our Website and our advertising services
   provided through various websites and applications (the “Adssets
   Services”).

Media

   If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images
   with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the
   website can download and extract any location data from images on the
   website.

Data Collection through the Website

   When you visit our Website, you can choose to Contact Us and provide us
   with certain personally identifiable information about yourself which
   may include your name, email address, mailing address, telephone
   number. We do not collect PII from you unless you choose to provide it
   to us. Adssets and third party service providers and partners of
   Adssets may use “cookies” and similar technology to customize your
   visit to the Website. Cookies are identifiers that can be sent from a
   website via your browser to be placed on your computer’s hard drive.
   Thereafter when you visit our Website, a message is sent back to the
   web server by the browser accessing our Website. You may choose not to
   accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser.
   However, not utilizing cookies may prevent you from using
   certain functions and features of our Website. Data in cookies may be
   read to authenticate user sessions or provide services.

Adssets Services

   Adssets provide online advertising, ad serving and analytics
   technology. Adssets Services is used by its customers – media agencies,
   advertisers, and publishers – to create and deliver rich and diverse
   online marketing campaigns using modern technology and innovative
   tools.

Data Collection through the Adssets Services

   When you interact with our Adssets Services, we may collect non-PII
   such as operating system, browser version, geographic location, URLs on
   which Adssets advertisements are displayed, views, number of clicks,
   the time spent viewing an ad and other information about your
   interaction with the ads. We may use the information internally for any
   lawful purpose. Additionally, we may share this information with
   various third parties, including our publishers and advertiser
   partners. It is important to note that PII is only collected through
   the Adssets Services when you voluntarily choose to provide such
   information to a publisher/advertiser.

How we use your Personal Information

   Adssets will only use the PII you provide under this Privacy Policy in
   a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. PII data
   collected on behalf of third parties (publisher/advertiser) that can be
   used to identify an individual, including but not limited to address,
   e-mail address or telephone number, are not collected or stored unless
   provided voluntarily by an individual Internet user. Any such
   information is only available for use by the particular
   publisher/advertiser to whom the individual has supplied his or her
   data. Adssets does not assume responsibility for the
   publisher/advertiser’s use of these voluntarily supplied data.

Data Security and Protection

   Adssets implements reasonable security measures to protect all data
   collected and used by Adssets technology. At every step, Adssets adapts
   all relevant security and safety practices, and employs modern security
   hardware and software provided by recognized world-leading
   manufacturers. Physical environment security is also ensured; thus,
   Adssets Services are hosted and data are stored only in Tier 3 data
   centers, classified according to official data center classification.

Contact forms

Cookies

   If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name,
   email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so
   that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave
   another comment. These cookies will last for one year.

   If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a
   temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This
   cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your
   browser.

   When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login
   information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two
   days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select
   “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of
   your account, the login cookies will be removed.

   If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved
   in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply
   indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after
   1 day.

Analytics

   To improve your experience on our site, we may use ‘cookies’. Cookies
   are an industry standard and most major websites use them. A cookie is
   a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to
   remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by
   selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please
   note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full
   functionality of this website.

   Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that
   we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
   When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and
   read their privacy policy.

   Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website
   traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics
   does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with
   any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google
   Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.

   By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you
   by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy and for
   the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you
   disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out
   service provided by Google.

   Adssets.com also uses interfaces with social media sites such as
   Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or
   “share” information from this website through these services, you
   should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member
   of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site
   to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information

Cookie Opt-Out

   Adssets allows consumers to opt-out of our ad-serving cookie from the
   pliing.com domain. Note, that our ad-serving cookie will only be used
   if the consumer has previously opted-in for the usage at the publisher,
   or advertiser site. Users can opt-out specifically from our services
   here. In Refusing cookies does not stop advertisements from being
   served to your computer or device; rather, it means that Adssets will
   not use cookies to serve advertisements to you. Click the ‘Opt-out’
   button below to opt out from our ad-serving cookie. This process will
   store an opt-out cookie in your browser, which allows us to recognize
   you as an opt-out user and respect your cookie preferences in the
   future. The cookie will apply to the specific browser you are using; if
   you wish to opt out for other browsers or computers/devices that you
   use, you must repeat the process using these browsers or
   computers/devices. Please note that if you erase all cookies from your
   computer, you will also erase our opt-out cookie and will need
   to repeat the process of opting out. If you’ve previously opted out,
   and would like to reverse your setting, click the button again to opt
   back in.
   Opt-out

Embedded content from other websites

   Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos,
   images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves
   in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

   These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed
   additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that
   embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded
   content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

   Adssets reserves the right to modify this privacy policy partially or
   fully at any time without notice. From time to time Adssets may modify
   this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the
   law, our personal identifiable information collection and use
   practices, the features of the Web Site or Adssets Services, or
   technology. Your continued use of the Web Site or Adssets Services
   after Adssets posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance
   of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that
   you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as
   to any changes.

Further Support

   For any questions, comments or complaints regarding this privacy policy
   or other privacy matters, please contact privacy@adssets.com

   Adssets AB, 2018-05-24

   © 2019 Adssets. All Rights Reserved, Adssets.
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * Product
     * Company
     * News
     * Contact

     *
     *
     *

   facebook_pixel facebook_pixel

   We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our
   website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are
   happy with it.OkPrivacy policy
   #Adssets » Feed Adssets » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   Adssets

   [acmsivo.png] [acmplavo.png]
     *

     * Product
     * Company
     * News
     * Contact
     *

   ____________________

Personalise your content

by using ACM’s Geo Library

The Library enables you to design a unique experience per Geo location.

   Read more

Advertising Content Manager

   null

Catalogs

   Integrate your data directly into ACM in order to use, prioritise and
   personalise your content everywhere.
   null

Libraries

   With ACM’s Content Libraries you can target content by using geo,
   weather, context, behavioural and retargeting data.
   null

Design

   ACM supports all types of content such as images, feeds, videos, texts,
   URL’s and content is served through beautiful ad formats!
   null

Beautiful ads everwhere

   The outcome is perfectly designed & personalised ads. With content
   directed to the right person at the right time.
   Learn More
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr9sfDs-YvM
   Watch ACM in action
   client
   client
   client
   coolbet
   client
   client
   client
   SpotX
   iUM
   Reach
   groupM
   oikotie

What our clients say about us

   “Adssets formats has increased our conversion with 3-5 times! For us
   Adssets material has been really a “key to success” and we are very
   happy and pleased to work with Adssets.”
   Gustaf HagmanCEO & Co-founder, LeoVegas Group

   “The partnership gives our customers even more functionality and with
   Adssets we can now offer a unique video-based solution where they can
   drive and increase brand awareness throughout the Nordic region. Thanks
   to the VAST standard, we can combine creativity, target group focus in
   several units and provide good results for our advertisers.”
   Jonas RundgrenNordic CEO of smartclip and SpotX

   “Schibsted started its collaboration with Adssets 2013. Our revenue
   growth and product offerings in mobile have been ground-breaking and
   Adssets has been the core of that journey!”
   Johan ÅsenProduct Director, Schibsted Media Group

   “Adssets team has great experience from the gaming industry which
   allows them to understand all the customers' requirements. They come up
   with unique and cool ideas, but more importantly, the result is always
   personally tailored.”
   Ervin JärvleppCMO at Coolbet

   “...In comparison with default remarketing PPC campaign templates of a
   publisher, Adssets ACM ads helped us decrease CPO by incredible 46%!”
   Radek Holický,Head of Digital, Travel Portal

AD FORMATS

   Velvet Drop – A large take over format which is triggered when a user
   enters the site.
   Video/Image Reveal – A large take over format which is triggered when a
   user hovers over the ad.
   Image Pusher – A large take over format which is triggered when a user
   hovers over the ad. Upon expansion the user can brows through the
   images by moving the mouse over them.
   MORE AD FORMATS

Improve your performance in the simplest way possible!

   Contact us

   © 2019 Adssets. All Rights Reserved, Adssets.
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * Product
     * Company
     * News
     * Contact

     *
     *
     *

Join Us!

   Receive the latest industry news into your inbox.

   ____________________
   (BUTTON) SUBSCRIBE

You have Successfully Subscribed!

   facebook_pixel facebook_pixel

   We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our
   website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are
   happy with it.OkPrivacy policy
