   #IES: The Institute for European Studies RSS

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NKXHFLP

     * Home
     * About Us
     * Our Rooms
     * NEWS
     * Search
     * Alumni
     * People
     * IES Mailing List
     * Contact
     * Jobs

     *
     *
     *

Upcoming Events

   08 Oct 2019 : Research Methodology: Doing Research in Africa 08 Oct
   2019 : The Internet of Things in the Circular Economy: Reconciling
   Environment, Data and Trade under the WTO in the Digital Age
   10 Oct 2019 : Migration Aspirations: Strategies of Young Africans in a
   State of ‘Involuntary Immobility’ 11 Oct 2019 : TRADE DEFENCE
   INSTRUMENTS (TDI)
   16 Oct 2019 : 15 Years of Enlargement – Growing Together, Moving Apart?
   18 Oct 2019 : EDGE RESEARCH DAY Long-term Challenges to Democracy
   ►►► more

News from the IES

     *

Max Jansson's public PhD defence on 24 August 2019
       The public defence of the PhD in Law by Max Jansson will take place
       on Saturday 24 August 2019 at 11:15 CET. This is a joint PhD with
       the University of Turku. After an internal defense at the IES, the
       public defense will take place in Turku. The title of the PhD
       manuscript is "Value Reconciliation in Trade Law in Light of
       Criteria on Process and Production Methods – A Comparative study on
       the EU, the U.S. and the WTO". The Opponent in the public defense
       will be Prof. Dr. Gareth Davies from Tilburg University. The
       promoters of the thesis are Prof. Dr. Harri Kalimo (IES-VUB) and
       Prof. Dr. Tuomas Mylly (University of Turku).
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

Max Jansson defends his PhD -- Does free movement law allow states to
regulate the way that the traded goods are produced?
       On Saturday 24 August, IES and University of Turku Joint-PhD
       candidate Max Jansson defended his doctoral thesis publicly on the
       legal aspects of PPMs in interstate trade at the University of
       Turku. In his work, Jansson examined specifically the environmental
       PPM-criteria on renewable energy implemented by the EU Member
       States and U.S. states from the perspective of rules on free trade.
       Jansson argued that under WTO law, EU free movement law and U.S.
       constitutional law, PPM-criteria can indeed be adopted both for
       in-state production and imported goods, as long as the criteria are
       carefully designed. Max’s findings and conclusions provide valuable
       insights to stakeholders that design and apply sustainability
       criteria and programs on essential products such as biofuels or
       electricity from renewable resources.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

International Workshop and special issue on Climate and Energy Governance and
the Future of Europe
       The network ‘Governing the EU’s Climate and Energy Transition in
       Turbulent Times’ (GOVTRAN), to which the IES-VUB serves as leading
       coordinator, is organizing a 2-day International workshop on
       Climate and Energy Governance and the Future of Europe. The
       event will take place at the Istituto Affari Internazionali in Rome
       on 30 September-1 October 2019. The workshop will explore recent
       advances in European Union (EU) climate and energy governance and
       policy in the context of broader contemporary aspects and
       challenges of European integration. A special issue in a
       high-profile, peer-reviewed academic journal is envisioned as a
       major outcome of the workshop. We look forward to Director
       General Mauro Petriccione of DG CLIMA of the European Commission
       delivering a keynote. More information about the GOVTRAN project is
       available here.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

Carla Mascia successfully defends joint VUB-ULB PhD
       On Wednesday 28 August, Ms. Carla Mascia successfully defended her
       PhD on the implementation of (family) migration policies. It was a
       joint PhD between IES, Vrije Universiteit Brussel and GERME,
       Université Libre de Bruxelles, co-supervised by Prof. Ilke Adam
       (IES-VUB) and Prof. Andrea Rea (GERME, ULB). Further members of the
       jury were: Prof. Dirk Jacobs (ULB), Prof. Florian Trauner (VUB),
       Prof. Dirk Jacobs (ULB), Prof. Saskia Bonjour (University of
       Amsterdam) and Prof. Sylvie Saroléa (Université Catholique de
       Louvain).
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

EUIA Call for Papers
       The ‘European Union in International Affairs’ (#EUIA20) conference
       invites paper abstracts and panel proposals. It will be the seventh
       edition of the EUIA conference, focusing on the theme ‘Assessing
       the EU’s Capacity to Act’. The EUIA biennial conference provides a
       major forum for discussion and exchange of ideas amongst academics
       and policy-makers who engage with these issues. We encourage the
       submission of paper abstracts and panel proposals that focus on the
       EU’s capacity to act internationally.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

Sustainable reintegration: identikit of a popular policy objective
       Among the objectives composing the 2018 UN Global Compact for
       Migration, Objective 21 deals with the return of migrants to their
       countries of origin. This objective includes a reference to
       sustainable reintegration occurring when returnees have access to
       psycho-social assistance, justice and occupational prospects. The
       policy objective of sustainable reintegration apparently enjoys
       broad support in the face of some countries increasingly
       opposing the global governance of migration. Such support can be
       explained by making reference to sustainable reintegration’s
       potential to accommodate diverse interests and the limited
       monitoring of the programmes it underpins.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

Cultural Diplomacy in Europe: Between the Domestic and the International
       Prof. Dr. Caterina Carta (Director of Master Studies at Vesalius
       College and former project researcher at the IES) together with
       Prof. Dr. Richard Higgott (Emeritus Professor at the University of
       Warwick and Research Professor at the IES), have published a new
       book that explores European cultural diplomacy, a topic of growing
       interest across the scholarly and applied public policy
       communities.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

New open vacancies! IES and Vesalius College are hiring a Recruitment Officer
and a Finance Officer
       The Institute for European Studies and Vesalius College are jointly
       looking for two new enthusiastic colleagues, one to work within the
       Marketing and Recruitment team, and the second one to be working
       for the accounting of both the IES and Vesalius College. The
       deadline for applications is 09/08/2019.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

New book out now: The Edges of Political Representation. Mapping, Critiquing
and Pushing the Boundaries
       The first joint publication of the EDGE Programme is finally out!
       The book “The Edges of Political Representation. Mapping,
       Critiquing and Pushing the Boundaries”, edited by VUB researcher
       Mihnea Tanasescu and former IES researcher Claire Dupont, provides
       a nuanced overview of what political representation means today and
       how it can be approached from an academic perspective. In line with
       one of the main scopes of the EDGE programme, namely building
       bridges between the Department of Political Science and the
       Institute for European Studies, this books collects a series of
       essays and reflections on political theory, political philosophy,
       party politics, electoral politics, feminism, European politics,
       minority politics and online governance.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

Richard Higgott produces new report on civilisation, states and world order
       Professor Richard Higgott of the IES produced a major report
       entitled “Civilisations, States and World Order: Where are We,
       Where are We Heading”. This new publication was commissioned by the
       Berlin based think tank Dialogue of Civilisation Research
       Institute in anticipation of the Rhodes Forum on 11-12 October
       2019. The theme of the Forum is “ Global (Dis)Order: Towards
       Dialogue-Based World Views".
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

VUB’s Institute for European Studies and Vesalius College appoint Luc Soete
as new Dean
       Effective 1 October 2019, the Institute for European Studies (IES)
       at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB) and Vesalius College (VeCo)
       have appointed Luc Soete as their new Dean. The appointment goes
       hand in hand with a change of statutes, which are now embedded in
       the VUB’s statutes thus enabling an alignment of management roles.
       Two other new appointees include Alexander Mattelaer who will take
       up the new function of Vice-Dean for Research of both institutions,
       while Sven Van Kerckhoven will take up the new role of Vice-Dean
       for Education. The IES-VeCo joint management team further consists
       of Executive Director Anthony Antoine and Assistant Executive
       Director Jacintha Liem.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

VUB’s international frontrunners IES and VeCo step up collaboration
       For decades, the Institute for European Studies (IES) and Vesalius
       College (VeCo) have built up strong reputations as frontrunners in
       education, research, and academic services on the international
       scene. Both being associated with Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB),
       one of Belgium’s prime universities with a
       strong internationalisation focus, the IES and VeCo have decided to
       work together more closely as of the summer of 2019.
       Although both institutions remain independent, their combined
       resources and expertise in both European studies and global
       governance will create multiple synergies that their stakeholders
       will benefit from – not in the least the students in their
       academic programmes.
       ▶▶▶ Read more
     *

Marie Lamensch reappointed as member of European Commission VAT Expert Group
       On 2 October 2019, the EU Commission’s Director General for
       Taxation and Customs has reappointed professor Marie Lamensch as
       effective member of the European Commission VAT Expert Group for
       the next three years. Marie Lamensch has been a member of this
       expert group since 2016. The task of the VAT Expert Group is (1) to
       advise the European Commission on the preparation of legislative
       acts and other policy initiatives in the field of VAT; and (2) to
       provide insight concerning the practical implementation of
       legislative acts and other EU policy initiatives in the field of
       VAT.
       ▶▶▶ Read more

IES in the media...

   Ramon Pacheco Pardo
   North Korea, U.S. envoys to resume high-stakes nuclear talks over
   weekend
   4 Oct 2019
   In: Reuters
   ▶ Read Article
   Marco Giuli
   Чи залишиться Україна транзитером російського газу до Європи після 2019
   року?
   19 Sep 2019
   In: Podrobnosti
   ▶ Read Article
   Ilke Adam
   Het Deense integratiemodel: uitzonderlijk, maar niet uniek
   12 Sep 2019
   In: VRT
   ▶ Read Article
   Florian Trauner
   De commissie-Von der Leyen: wat zit er in voor Orban?
   11 Sep 2019
   In: Knack
   ▶ Read Article
   ►►► more

Climate Policy Integration into EU Energy Policy: Progress and Prospects

   Publication Date:
   2015-10
   Claire Dupont
   no

   Climate change is a cross-cutting, long-term, global problem that
   presents policymakers with many challenges in their efforts to respond
   to the issue. Integrating climate policy objectives into the
   elaboration and agreement of policy measures in other sectors
   represents one promising method for ensuring coherent policies that
   respond adequately to the climate change challenge.
     * Read more

The Missing Piece: Empowerment of Roma Grassroots Organisations in EU Roma
Integration Policies

   Publication Date:
   2014-12
   Serena D’Agostino
   no

   The fourth edition of Roma Pride has brought Roma civic activism back
   in the spotlight. This Roma-rights mobilization, taking place every
   October in several European cities, has emphasized the centrality of an
   active civil society in pursuing a successful integration of the Roma
   in Europe. The ‘Award for Roma Integration’ and the ‘Civil Society
   Prize 2014’ conferred last October by the European Union (EU) to Roma
   and pro-Roma Civil Society Organizations (CSOs) have confirmed this
   approach.
     * Read more
     * 1 attachment

The European Union as a Diplomatic Actor

   Publication Date:
   2014-11
   no

   Edited by: Joachim Koops and Gjovalin Macaj
     * Read more

Autumn Lecture Series 2014 - Lectures Now Available Online

   Start: 10 Oct 2014 18:00
   End: 10 Oct 2014 20:00
   Event Type:
   Lecture Series

   IFRAME: //www.youtube.com/embed/ADFY1TzxnFk

   The IES and the Egmont Institute are delighted to announce that videos
   of their highly successful lecture series, The Future of European
   Geostrategy, are now online. Europe faces critical internal and
   external challenges. The lectures sought to enhance the thinking of
   European policy-makers in the realm of foreign, defence and security
   policy and strategy by inviting speakers from across Europe and father
   afield to stimulate the strategic debate in Brussels.
     * Read more
     * Calendar

     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * next ›
     * last »

   Syndicate content
     * Research
          + Environment and Sustainable Development
          + International Security
          + Migration , Diversity and Justice
          + Educational Development Unit
          + European Economic Governance
     * Study at IES
          + LLM in Int. & Eur. Law
          + Msc in European Integration
          + Summer School
          + Postgraduate Certificate in EU Policy Making
          + Programme on EU Foreign Policy
     * Events
          + EUIA Conference
          + Lecture Series
          + Policy Forums
          + Research Colloquiums
     * Publications
          + Books
          + IES Newsletter
          + Annual Reports
          + Policy Briefs
     * European Projects
          + Jean Monnet Projects

   [vub-footer.png] IES is a Jean Monnet Centre of Excellence at the Vrije
   Universiteit Brussel. Email: ies@vub.ac.be
   Research Publications Training & Education Events

   The Institute for European Studies
   Pleinlaan 5
   B-1050 Brussels
   Belgium

   info@ies.be
   +32 2 614 80 01
   Directions
   Find us on facebook.
   Follow us on twitter.
   View our YouTube Channel.

   IFRAME:
   //www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com
   %2FIESBrussels&width&layout=box_count&action=like&show_faces=false&shar
   e=false&height=65&appId=44210756828


   Login
     * Environment and Sustainable Development
     * Migration, Diversity and Justice
     * European Foreign and Security Policy
     * Educational Development Unit
     * European Economic Governance

     * Books
     * Newsletter
     * IES in the Media

     * LLM in International
       and European Law
     * MSc European Integration
     * IES Summerschool
     * PGC in European Policy Making

     * EUIA Conferences
       Lecture Series
     * Policy Forums
     * Research Colloquiums
