   MARIN MONTAGUT
   (BUTTON)
   Panier 0
   (BUTTON) Se Connecter Mon Compte
   Accueil (BUTTON) E-SHOP Lookbook (BUTTON) PROJETS (BUTTON) À PROPOS
   Contact
   (BUTTON) Retour Peintures Boîtes Foulards Cashmere Maison Coussins
   Verrerie Céramique Bougie & Savon Papeterie Globes Vitrines à
   merveilles
   (BUTTON) Retour COLLABORATIONS ILLUSTRATION VIDEO CHRONIQUE BONJOUR
   CITY MAP SOUS LES TOITS DE PARIS
   (BUTTON) Retour HISTOIRE PRESSE
   (BUTTON)

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Se Connecter Mon Compte
   Panier 0
   Accueil E-SHOP Peintures Boîtes Foulards Cashmere Maison Coussins
   Verrerie Céramique Bougie & Savon Papeterie Globes Vitrines à
   merveilles Lookbook PROJETS COLLABORATIONS ILLUSTRATION VIDEO CHRONIQUE
   BONJOUR CITY MAP SOUS LES TOITS DE PARIS
   MARIN MONTAGUT
   À PROPOS HISTOIRE PRESSE Contact
   bm-hp.jpg bm-hp.jpg
   web main.jpg web main.jpg
   for main.jpg for main.jpg
   lookbook-hp.jpg lookbook-hp.jpg
   collab-csao-hp.jpg collab-csao-hp.jpg
   Web Main_2.jpg Web Main_2.jpg
   Web Main_1.jpg Web Main_1.jpg

LA BOUTIQUE EN LIGNE

   Le Jardin du Luxembourg par Marin Montagut
   Aperçu
   Le Jardin du Luxembourg par Marin Montagut
   228.00
   bougie parfumée "BONJOUR SICILE"
   bougie parfumée "BONJOUR SICILE"
   68.00
   MARIN MONTAGUT x CSAO "LE MARAIS"
   MARIN MONTAGUT x CSAO "LE MARAIS"
   165.00
   Vitrines à merveilles "ROI DE COEUR" - Vert
   Aperçu
   Vitrines à merveilles "ROI DE COEUR" - Vert
   280.00
   Verre Orange
   Verre Orange
   35.00
   Vitrines à merveilles "LE CHAT 1"
   Vitrines à merveilles "LE CHAT 1"
   280.00
   Foulard en soie "SAINT GERMAIN-DES-PRES"
   Aperçu
   Foulard en soie "SAINT GERMAIN-DES-PRES"
   185.00
   Boites à secrets "AMOUR"
   Boites à secrets "AMOUR"
   115.00
   "SPHÈRE ARMILLAIRE" par Marin Montagut
   "SPHÈRE ARMILLAIRE" par Marin Montagut
   155.00
   MARIN MONTAGUT x CSAO "SAINT GERMAIN-DES-PRÈS 5"
   Aperçu
   MARIN MONTAGUT x CSAO "SAINT GERMAIN-DES-PRÈS 5"
   165.00
   Globe "ASTRALE" Petit
   Globe "ASTRALE" Petit
   495.00
   Vase Amour
   Vase Amour
   88.00
   E - SHOP

   Instagram

@bonjourmarinmontagut

   [Web+Main_1.jpg]
   At home for @parisaeroport magazine ✈️ At home for @parisaeroport
   magazine ✈️
   Je suis heureux de vous présenter ma nouvelle collection de livres
   "Boîtes à secrets" inspirés du 18ème siècle. Entièrement peints et
   confectionnés à la main, ils permettent d'y cacher ses bijoux ou autres
   objets précieux. Disponibles sur mon Eshop et sur mon espace au
   @lebonmarcherivegauche 🔑 - NEW collection of my books "secrets boxes"
   inspired from 18th century. All hand painted and hand made in my
   studios in Paris. To hide jewelleries or precious objects. Available on
   my ESHOP and in my store at @lebonmarcherivegauche 🔑 - - #marinmontagut
   #bookboxes #handpainted #handmade Je suis heureux de vous présenter ma
   nouvelle collection de livres "Boîtes à secrets" inspirés du 18ème
   siècle. Entièrement peints et confectionnés à la main, ils permettent
   d'y cacher ses bijoux ou autres objets précieux. Disponibles sur mon
   Eshop et sur mon espace au @lebonmarcherivegauche 🔑 - NEW collection of
   my books "secrets boxes" inspired from 18th century. All hand painted
   and hand made in my studios in Paris. To hide jewelleries or precious
   objects. Available on my ESHOP and in my store at
   @lebonmarcherivegauche 🔑 - - #marinmontagut #bookboxes #handpainted
   #handmade
   Samedi jardinage avec le nouveau tablier que j'ai dessiné pour le
   @chateauversailles dans la collection Jardin 🌿 - Saturday gardening
   with my new apron I designed for the Castle of Versailles 🌿
   @chateauversailles - - #chateaudeversailles X #marinmontagut Samedi
   jardinage avec le nouveau tablier que j'ai dessiné pour le
   @chateauversailles dans la collection Jardin 🌿 - Saturday gardening
   with my new apron I designed for the Castle of Versailles 🌿
   @chateauversailles - - #chateaudeversailles X #marinmontagut
   Cuisine ensoleillée par ma collection de Verrerie peinte à la main et
   le linge de cuisine "Gamme de couleurs" ☀️ Disponible sur mon eshop
   ainsi que sur mon espace au Bon Marché Rive Gauche. - Sunny kitchen
   with my collection of glassware hand painted and tea towel "Gamme de
   couleurs"☀️ Available on my ESHOP and on my store at Le Bon Marché Rive
   Gauche. - - #marinmontagut #glassware #kitchen Cuisine ensoleillée par
   ma collection de Verrerie peinte à la main et le linge de cuisine
   "Gamme de couleurs" ☀️ Disponible sur mon eshop ainsi que sur mon
   espace au Bon Marché Rive Gauche. - Sunny kitchen with my collection of
   glassware hand painted and tea towel "Gamme de couleurs"☀️ Available on
   my ESHOP and on my store at Le Bon Marché Rive Gauche. - -
   #marinmontagut #glassware #kitchen

La lettre

   Inscrivez-vous avec votre adresse email afin de recevoir toutes nos
   actualités.
   Adresse email ____________________
   (S'inscrire) S'inscrire

   Nous respectons votre vie privée. Consulter notre politique relative à
   la protection de vos données.
   Merci !

   Heures
   Mentions LégalesProtection des donnéesConditions Générales de Vente

   Copyright © 2019 Marin Montagut Production - Illustration: Iris
   Hatzfeld - Web Design: Nouveau Souvenir
   MARIN MONTAGUT
   (BUTTON)
   Panier 0
   (BUTTON) Se Connecter Mon Compte
   Accueil (BUTTON) E-SHOP Lookbook (BUTTON) PROJETS (BUTTON) À PROPOS
   Contact
   (BUTTON) Retour Peintures Boîtes Foulards Cashmere Maison Coussins
   Verrerie Céramique Bougie & Savon Papeterie Globes Vitrines à
   merveilles
   (BUTTON) Retour COLLABORATIONS ILLUSTRATION VIDEO CHRONIQUE BONJOUR
   CITY MAP SOUS LES TOITS DE PARIS
   (BUTTON) Retour HISTOIRE PRESSE
   (BUTTON)

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Se Connecter Mon Compte
   Panier 0
   Accueil E-SHOP Peintures Boîtes Foulards Cashmere Maison Coussins
   Verrerie Céramique Bougie & Savon Papeterie Globes Vitrines à
   merveilles Lookbook PROJETS COLLABORATIONS ILLUSTRATION VIDEO CHRONIQUE
   BONJOUR CITY MAP SOUS LES TOITS DE PARIS
   MARIN MONTAGUT
   À PROPOS HISTOIRE PRESSE Contact

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   Marin Montagut Production, whose registered office is located at 46 rue
   de la Fontaine at Roi 75011 Paris and is registered under number SIREN
   528 686 819 00012, hereby defines the general conditions of sale of its
   products, applicable to the orders of customers via its website
   www.marinmontagut.com.

   Preamble

   The client and Marin Montagut Production agree that their commercial
   relations will be governed exclusively by these general conditions of
   sale. Marin Montagut Production reserves the right to modify its
   general conditions of sale at any time by publishing a new version on
   the site. The general conditions of sale applicable to each order are
   those available on the date of their validation on the Site. This site
   is built using Squarespace and uses Squarespace's trade function to
   record and process orders. The payment processing system on this site
   is run using Stripe.

   Article 1. - General provision

   Marin Montagut Production makes sure that the acceptance of its general
   conditions of sale is clear by ticking a box and a validation click for
   each transaction. Thus, the customer declares having read and
   understood these general conditions of sale and accept them without
   restriction and without reservation.

   The client acknowledges having access to the advice and information
   necessary to ensure that the offer meets his needs. The customer
   declares that he can legally place orders or represent the legal entity
   for which he exercises it. Unless proved otherwise, the information
   recorded by the seller constitutes proof of all the transactional
   elements.

   These general conditions of sale apply to orders placed for delivery in
   France or abroad.

   Article 2. - Start date and duration

   These general conditions of sale are applicable to the parties at the
   date of validation of the order. The present general conditions of sale
   are applicable for the duration necessary to the execution of the
   order, until the extinction of the guarantees and obligations of the
   company Marin Montagut Production.

   Article 3. - Ordering products and steps to complete an online order

   In order to place an order, the customer must follow the following
   steps:

   1. Go to the site
   2. Follow the instructions on the site
   3. Fill out the order form
   4. Check the control elements of the form and, if necessary, identify
   and correct errors.
   5. Then validate the order and the total amount to pay.

   The customer will receive a confirmation by e-mail of the payment of
   the order. The delivery of the ordered products will be made to the
   address indicated by the customer.

   In order to execute correctly the order, and in accordance with article
   1316-1 of the civil code, the customer provides all the authentic
   elements of his identity. All orders placed on the site are solely for
   the personal use of the customer. Consequently, the customer or the
   recipient of the products will abstain from any partial or total resale
   of the products ordered. When performing the above steps to complete
   the order, the customer agrees to comply with these terms and
   conditions of sale. In accordance with Article L. 122-1 of the Consumer
   Code, Marin Montagut Production reserves the right to refuse the order
   if it seems abnormal (especially considering the quantities ordered),
   passed in bad faith or for any other reason, and in particular if there
   is a dispute with the customer regarding the payment of a previous
   order.

   Article 4. - Product prices and conditions of validity

   The price of products sold on the site is indicated by article and by
   reference, except typographical error. These prices include the VAT
   applicable on the day of the order for the orders to be shipped in EU
   but do not include the delivery costs which will be invoiced in
   addition as specified to the customer during the validation of his
   order.

   Customs duties or other local taxes or import duties or state taxes may
   be required in some cases. These rights and sums are not the
   responsibility of the seller. They will be at the expense and under the
   responsibility of the customer. The seller invites the customer to
   inquire about these aspects with the corresponding local authorities.

   At the time of the validation of the order, the price to be paid
   corresponds to the total amount of the order. The products and their
   prices are valid as long as they are accessible on the site within the
   limits of available stocks.

   As such, indications on the availability of products may be provided to
   the customer at the time of placing the order. Errors or modifications
   may exceptionally exist. In case of unavailability of a product after
   validation of the order by the customer, Marin Montagut Production will
   inform the customer by e-mail as soon as possible, proposing either to
   order in replacement another article presented on the site, either of
   'cancel the order. If the customer chooses to cancel the order, the
   refund will be made no later than 14 days after the payment if the
   customer's bank account has been debited.

   Marin Montagut Production reserves the right to modify the lists of
   products and / or prices offered on the site at any time and without
   notice, it being specified that those available at the time of the
   order will be those accepted by the customer by confirming them.

   The customer is duly informed that the illustrations, the photographs
   and the description of the products are only indicative and do not
   enter the contractual field. Marin Montagut Production can not be held
   responsible for any error or inaccuracy whatsoever.

   Article 5. - Terms of payment

   Payment is due immediately at the time of the order. The customer will
   make his payment by credit card. The payment of the amount of the order
   will be made exclusively by one of the following payment methods: Visa,
   Mastercard, American Express or Apple Pay. Payments by check and bank
   transfer are not accepted.

   Once the payment made by the customer, the amount is immediately
   debited after verification of this information. In accordance with
   Article L.132-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code, the commitment to
   pay by card is irrevocable as soon as it is activated.

   By providing credit card information, the customer authorizes Marin
   Montagut Production to debit his credit card the total amount of the
   order. The customer confirms that he is the holder of the credit card
   to be debited and that the name on the card is his. The customer
   communicates the sixteen digits and the expiry date of his credit card
   and, where applicable, the numbers of the visual cryptogram. If the
   debit could not be confirmed, the transaction would be canceled
   immediately and the order canceled.

   The occurrence of an unpaid amount due to fraudulent use of a credit
   card will result in the registration of the information associated with
   this failure with an incident payment file implemented by a third party
   organization.

   Article 6. - Delivery of the order

   The products are delivered to the delivery address which is indicated
   at the time of the order. The customer is solely responsible for a lack
   of delivery due to a lack or error of geographical indication.

   The amount of shipping costs depends on the amount and nature of the
   order. In any case, the amount of these costs is indicated to the
   customer before the validation of the order.

   The method of delivery is specified to the customer throughout the
   process of validation and payment of the order. The delivery time will
   depend on the final delivery method.

   Delivery times run from the date of confirmation of the order by Marin
   Montagut Production according to the average time of preparation and
   delivery of the order.

   Delivery times are given as an indication and are deemed to have been
   respected by Marin Montagut Production when the first presentation of
   the order to the address indicated by the customer took place within
   the time indicated to him.

   In case of late delivery, the customer has the option to terminate the
   contract under the terms defined in Article L138-2 of the Consumer
   Code. The seller then proceeds to the refund of the product under the
   conditions of Article L138-3 of the Consumer Code. The seller makes
   available a contact address which is specified in the order
   confirmation mail which allows its follow-up. The seller reminds that
   when the customer physically takes possession of his order, the risk of
   loss or deterioration of the products is transferred to him. It is
   therefore up to the customer to inform the carrier of any reservations
   on the delivered product. The customer is required to check the
   condition of the packaging and the items on delivery. It is up to the
   customer to issue the reservations and claims that he deems necessary,
   or even refuse the package, especially when the package is clearly
   damaged, before opening it. Said reservations and detailed complaints
   must be reported to the deliveryman and also sent by registered letter
   with acknowledgment of receipt within three working days, holidays,
   from the date of delivery of the products.

   The customer must also send a copy of this letter to Marin Montagut
   Production. The absence of claim within the aforementioned period
   extinguishes any action against the carrier in accordance with Article
   L. 133-3 of the Commercial Code.

   If the packaging is in good condition but the product is damaged when
   it is opened, it is up to the customer to send it back to Marin
   Montagut Production under the conditions described below for expertise.

   The customer must ensure that the products delivered to him correspond
   to the order. In case of non-conformity of the products to the
   specifications mentioned in the packing list, the customer must return
   the complete products and in their original packaging to the following
   address: Marin Montagut Production46 rue de la Fontaine au Roi75011
   ParisFrance

   Within fourteen (14) calendar days from the date of receipt of the
   order by the customer. It will be up to the customer to provide proof
   of this return, which implies that the items must be returned by
   CHRONOPOST, or by any other means, the costs and risks of return
   remaining the responsibility of the customer.

   Article 7. Return Policy

   In accordance with Article L.121-20 of the Consumer Code, "the consumer
   has fourteen clear days to exercise his right of withdrawal without
   having to justify reasons or to pay a penalty, with the exception of
   the costs of return ". The period referred to in the preceding
   paragraph runs from the date of receipt of the goods. The right of
   withdrawal can be exercised by contacting the seller by email at
   hello@marinmontagut.com. If the right of withdrawal is exercised within
   the aforementioned period, only the price of the product (s) purchased
   (s) will be refunded, the cost of return remaining the responsibility
   of the customer.

   The returns of products must be made in their original condition and
   complete (packaging, labels ...) so that they can be resold in new
   condition.

   If possible, they must be accompanied by a copy of the purchase receipt
   and sent to:
   Marin Montagut Production
   46 rue de la Fontaine au Roi
   75011 Paris
   France

   Article 8. Complaints

   If necessary, the customer can submit any complaint by contacting the
   company at the following coordinates: by email at
   hello@marinmontagut.com or by mail:
   Marin Montagut Production
   46 rue de la Fontaine au Roi
   75011 Paris
   France

   Article 9. Guarantees

   In accordance with the law, the seller assumes a guarantee of
   conformity as well as a guarantee concerning the hidden defects of his
   products. The seller reimburses the customer for products that are
   apparently defective or do not correspond to the order. The refund
   request must be made by email to bonjour@marinmontagut.com. Items
   returned incomplete, damaged, damaged or dirty by the customer will not
   be exchangeable and will be returned immediately.

   Article 10. - Force Majeure

   The performance by Marin Montagut Production of its obligations under
   these terms of sale will be suspended in case of force majeure that
   would hinder or delay implementation.


La lettre

   Inscrivez-vous avec votre adresse email afin de recevoir toutes nos
   actualités.
   Adresse email ____________________
   (S'inscrire) S'inscrire

   Nous respectons votre vie privée. Consulter notre politique relative à
   la protection de vos données.
   Merci !

   Heures
   Mentions LégalesProtection des donnéesConditions Générales de Vente

   Copyright © 2019 Marin Montagut Production - Illustration: Iris
   Hatzfeld - Web Design: Nouveau Souvenir
