   #alternate Infinia Mobile » Feed Infinia Mobile » RSS de los
   comentarios

   Infinia Mobile Infinia Mobile
     * TECNOLOGÍA
     * PARTNERS
     * PLATAFORMA
     * Nosotros
     * NEWS
     * CONTACTO
     * es

     * TECNOLOGÍA
     * PARTNERS
     * PLATAFORMA
     * Nosotros
     * NEWS
     * CONTACTO
     * es

     *
     *

ACCEDE A NUESTRAS PLATAFORMAS

INFINIA
       Plataforma Infinia Mobile
       Data aplicada a los medios digitales.
       Plataforma de gestión y Activación de Data
       ACCEDER

OMNIA
       Plataforma Omnia
       Usuarios como centro del universo de medios.
       Creación de audiencias para la visualización de usuarios.
       ACCEDER

Privacy Policy

ABOUT INFINIA MOBILE, S.L.

   Infinia is a company incorporated under the laws of Spain, with
   registered offices at Avenida de la Industria 6, 2º floor, office 6B,
   (Madrid), Spain, and tax number B-87393427.

   You can contact us at info@infiniamobile.com.

   Infinia is highly committed to user privacy. In this Privacy Policy we
   provide clear and comprehensive information on:
     * What data we collect.
     * What purposes we use the data for.
     * What data we share with third parties.
     * Where we store the data.
     * What security measures we have in place.
     * What choices we offer for users to object the data collection.
     * Data subject’s rights under GDPR.
     * Information relating to children.
     * How to contact our Data Protection Officer.

1. WHAT DATA WE COLLECT

   1.1 Data collected from the Infinia SDK:

   Infinia has entered into agreements with several apps and mobile webs
   owners (Infinia partners) to install a Software Development Kit (SDK)
   to collect device-specific information when users install / visit those
   apps and mobile webs.

   Information gathered through Infinia SDK is basically as follows:

   – Device information: this is technical information about the device or
   browser you use to access the Advertiser’s website. For example, your
   device type and mobile device’s unique identifier such as the Apple
   IDFA or Android Advertising ID.

   – Location data: while using a service from a mobile device, the user
   may choose to share the geographic location of the device with us.

   Collection and processing of Data obtained from Infinia SDK is based on
   the freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous consent from the
   users.

   1.2 Data collected from our ads (Advertising Data)

   This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to
   serve) to the users. It includes things like how many times an ad has
   been served, what page the ad appeared on, whether the user clicked on
   or otherwise interacted with the ad. It includes the following data:
     * Device: advertising ID, we collect it hashed.
     * Location: at a level of granularity less than 1 square mile
       definition.
     * CreativeIDs: the ID needed to identify the ad in our database.

2. WHAT PURPOSES WE USE THE DATA FOR

   Aggregated Data is used by Infinia to generate audience clusters
   demanded by our customers (advertising agencies and announcers) and to
   serve tailored advertising in apps and mobile webs through the Infinia
   Advertising Platform. Also, Infinia may use the information for
   cross-device advertising.

   Advertising Data is used by Infinia to improve our advertising
   campaigns reports, to inform our clients about the effectiveness of
   their advertising campaigns.

   We do not link the data to personal data available in the internet or
   public sources related to an identified or identifiable individual.

   We apply data analytics methods to the results of such combination that
   allows us to infer an estimated profile of the mobile device user:
   estimated age, gender, socioeconomic level, home, workplace, vital
   zone, nationality, etc. (hereinafter, referred to as “insights”).

3. WHAT DATA WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES

   Infinia does not share any data that could be considered personal data.
   We just share aggregated insights obtained from data with our clients.

4. WHERE WE STORE THE DATA

   The data is stored within the European Union by Infinia and third
   parties such as data-centers and hosting providers which Infinia has
   entered into service and data processing agreements with. Our hosting
   providers are ISO 27001 certified.

5. HOW LONG WE RETAIN THE DATA

   We retain the data we collect for 24 months, after which time we employ
   measures to delete it.

6. WHAT SECURITY MEASURES WE HAVE IN PLACE

   We are committed to protect Infinia and users from unauthorized access
   to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of the
   information we store and process on Infinia Advertising Platform.

   In particular:
     * We encrypt many of our communications using SSL.
     * We review our information collection, storage and processing
       practices, including physical security measures, to guard against
       unauthorized access to systems.
     * We restrict access to personal information to Infinia employees,
       contractors and agents who need to know that information in order
       to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual
       confidentiality obligations and may be penalized or terminated if
       they fail to meet these obligations.

7. WHAT CHOICES WE OFFER FOR USERS TO OBJECT THE DATA COLLECTION

   7.1 Opting Out Infinia’s Data Processing.

   Our main purpose is to be clear about what information we collect, so
   that users can make informed choices about how it is used.

   Users have the following options:
    1. a) They may voluntary accept or reject to provide their consent to
       the collection and processing of the Raw Data through Infinia SDKs
       installed on apps and mobile webs of Infinia’s partners. When
       downloading an app or visiting a mobile web of one of our partners,
       users are asked whether they consent to the collection of the data.
       If they refuse their consent, Infinia SDK does not collect any data
       and therefore such data is not used to generate the Aggregated Data
       and audience clusters for serving tailored advertising.


    1. b) Even though users have initially consented the collection of Raw
       Data through Infinia SDKs, they may easily withdraw such consent
       directly with Infinia. To do so, users may send an email to
       privacy@infiniamobile.com and provide the advertising ID of their
       mobile device for Infinia to remove all the Aggregated Data linked
       to that advertising ID and to stop receiving tailored advertising
       from Infinia. Please remember that the Raw Data and the Aggregated
       Data are anonymous and therefore Infinia does not know who the user
       of the device is.

   Users may obtain the advertising ID of the mobile device as follows:
     * iOS

   User must download the app «MyIDFA», which shows the advertising ID and
   allows to copy it to iOS clipboard and then copy it in the mail address
   to privacy@infiniamobile.com. Please follow these steps:
     *
          + Download «MyIDFA» available in the AppStore. This app supports
            iOS 8.0 and superior versions and is compatible with iPhone,
            iPad and iPos touch. You can access this app through this
            link: https://appsto.re/es/dJRJbb.i
          + Open the app «MyIDFA» once downloaded. The IDFA (which equals
            to the advertising ID) will appear on screen, click the button
            «Copy to clipboard» to save the number on iOS clipboard.
          + Open the email tool you use in your mobile device and create a
            new email. In the email reference please copy the content
            saved on the clipboard. In the email recipient please write
            privacy@infiniamobile.com.

   The sender’s email address will only be kept and used by Infinia for
   identifying the advertising ID within Infinia Advertising Platform and
   delete all the Raw Data and Aggregated Data associated to that
   advertising ID. Likewise, the user will stop receiving personalized
   advertisements from Infinia.

   The user will have to follow this process each time the advertising ID
   is reset.
     * Android

   User must download the app «Infinia Opt – Out», which shows the
   advertising ID, send it to the mail address to
   privacy@infiniamobile.com. Please follow these steps:
     *
          + Download «Infinia Opt – Out» available in PlayStore. This app
            supports Android 4.0.3 and superior versions and is compatible
            with every device. You can access this app through this link:
            https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.infinia.opto
            ut
          + Open the app » Infinia Opt – Out» once downloaded. Your Google
            Advertiser ID will appear on screen. You can share this code
            through e-mail with Infinia tapping on “Cancel the
            subscription”.

   You can also share the Advertiser ID viewer creating a new email. In
   the email recipient please write privacy@infiniamobile.com

   The sender’s email address will only be kept and used by Infinia for
   identifying the advertising ID within Infinia Advertising Platform and
   delete all the Raw Data and Aggregated Data associated to that
   advertising ID. Likewise, the user will stop receiving personalized
   advertisements from Infinia.

   The user will have to follow this process each time the advertising ID
   is reset.

   7.2 Opting Out in Mobile Applications and Resetting Advertiser ID.

   User’s mobile device may provide a setting that allows user to opt out
   of having the data used for certain advertising activities (“Limit Ad
   Tracking” on iOS, and “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android) and
   reset the Advertiser ID.

   Users can easily reset their device identifier or opt-out from
   advertising targeted use by following these instructions:

   To adjust settings on your mobile device, please visit:

   iOS opt out from advertising targeted:

   Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking.

   iOS reset Advertiser ID:

   Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Reset your advertising ID.

   Android opt out from advertising targeted:

   Settings > Google > Ads > Opt out of interest-based ads.

   Android reset Advertiser ID:

   Settings > Google > Ads > Reset advertising identifier.

8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS UNDER THE GDPR

   The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides the following
   rights for individuals:
     * The right to be informed
     * The right of access
     * The right to rectification
     * The right to erasure
     * The right to restrict processing
     * The right to data portability
     * The right to object
     * Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.

   The user has also the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
   authority.

9. INFORMATION RELATING TO CHILDREN

   Infinia collects data from individuals who are 13 years of age and
   older. Infinia does not knowingly collect personal identifiable
   information from anyone under the age of 13 on its website or via its
   advertising technology. If Infinia were made aware that it had received
   data from someone under 13, Infinia would use reasonable efforts to
   remove that information from its records.

10. HOW TO CONTACT OUR DATA PROTECTION OFFICER

   For any queries, claims or further information, please contact
   Infinia’s Data Protection Officer.

   Contact

   Data Protection Officer – Lorena Rivera Novillo
   Phone: +34 667 26 14 68.
   Address: Avda. de la Industria, 6, planta 2 oficina 6B, 28108
   Alcobendas, Madrid.
   E-mail: privacy@infiniamobile.com

CONTACTO

     * Avda de la Industria 6. 2º, 28108 Alcobendas, Madrid
     * Teléfono: 913 623 986
     * Email: infinia@infiniamobile.com

   Infinia Mobile
     *
     *
     *

   Infinia Mobile S.L - Copyright 2018
     * Tecnología
     * Partners
     * Plataforma
     * Contacto
     * Aviso Legal
     * Política de Privacidad
     * Política de Cookies

   Utilizamos cookies propias y de terceros para mejorar nuestros
   servicios. Si continúa navegando, consideramos que acepta su uso.Estoy
   de acuerdoPolítica de privacidad
