   #French Laundry - Atom French Laundry - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar
   French Laundry

Sunday, March 31, 2019

Looking is not the same as seeing

   [thewall4.jpg]
   Hi my bloggie friends,
   Long time no see.  I hope you've been well.  I have been busy, but no
   complaints.  I had a desire to put some thoughts to paper, so I hope
   you will indulge me in this non-art/decor/antiques/diy post.
   Have you ever thought about the difference between looking at something
   and really seeing it?  For almost 20 years, I have been doing laundry
   in the creepiest 110+ year old house basement I've ever seen, complete
   with spider webs, bad lighting, and crumbling plaster walls-someone's
   attempt at making a decidedly uninviting space habitable.  Maybe 80
   years or so ago, it wasn't so bad, but these days, it is a place to get
   in and get out of as quickly as possible.  And it is NEVER on the home
   tour, I assure you.  The crumbling plaster wall is the worst right
   above where we have an old counter which we use to fold clothes.  Yep,
   so before you fold, you usually have to brush off the counter or deal
   with the consequences of a rough sand ending up in and on your
   clothes.  Delightful.   I guess it probably was a bad plaster job to
   begin with and it didn't get better with age.
   I have been looking at, and silently cursing, this wall for  nearly 20
   years, always wishing that I had the time and money to dedicate to
   making a proper laundry room, sans crumbling plaster, or that perhaps
   HGTV would call and offer to come help me out.  Yes, I realize that's
   not how those things work, but this is my laundry day fantasy, so just
   work with me.
   Anyway, for whatever reason, today I actually SAW this wall as I was
   preparing to do my folding.  I don't know if it was the light coming in
   from the bulkhead door or what, but it struck me that it was like a
   piece of art-house art, if you will.  I noticed the layers of paint,
   revealing  the 1940-50's green which had been painted over the earlier
   peach, which was over the sandy undercoat (the part that crumbles
   pretty much constantly).  I noticed the pits and textures and the way
   that it had gradations in the colors.  I took the shop vac out and
   vacuumed the spidery webs and the fuzz that had stuck in the wall (I
   apologize to the squeamish for that visual!).  Then, I went upstairs
   and fetched my camera.  I played with taking pictures of THE WALL and
   then came upstairs to my laptop and did some cropping and was surprised
   at how much the photos looked like some cool piece of abstract art.
   [thewall.jpg]
   I even caught myself thinking, "I wonder if we could somehow preserve
   the wall for its aesthetic appeal, but keep the plaster from crumbling
   on our clothes?".  Wait, what???  I guess it was just one of those
   fleeting times of actually living in the moment and appreciating the
   beauty that is already around me that made me want to pause, enjoy, and
   then write about it.  After all of this time, I finally SAW the wall
   instead of just grumbling about how awful it and the whole basement
   is.  I SAW the beauty in the crumbling imperfection.  I think if you
   Google decayed elegance, you might find other images similar to this.
   I SAW the wall and pondered about the first person who tried to spruce
   up an otherwise unassuming basement with some plaster and paint-were
   they just looking to add some living space, maybe for their kids to
   play in?  Were they happy with the results?  Were they happy living in
   this old house?  Did former residents cry happy tears when WWII ended?
   What about the people living here when WWI ended?  Did they lose any
   loved ones?   What effect did the stock market crash of 1929 have upon
   the people living here then?  I could go on and on.  It's thoughts like
   this that make me love my old house and allow me to overlook the fact
   that there is a decided lack of proper closets, I share a bathroom with
   my whole family, and there is always something that needs to be fixed
   or spruced up.  ALWAYS.  At least for today, I celebrate the layers of
   history that this old wall in the basement represents and just maybe, I
   have found my appreciation for what is.  MAYBE next time laundry day
   rolls around, I won't groan when I see that wall.
   [thewall2.jpg]
   Now, if HGTV called tomorrow and offered to fix the place up, would I
   take them up on it???  I did discover a new appreciation for what is,
   right?  Oh heck, let's be real:  I'd say YES, faster than you could say
   FIXER UPPER!  I do appreciate the wall and the history it represents,
   but I'm not CRAZY!  LOL!!!
   Until next time, try to really see the people and things around you and
   enjoy the experience, transient though it may be.
   [5754BE10D6A81BAB9EB1229F87D130CC.png]
   Pin It!
   Posted by FRENCH LAUNDRY at 3:18 PM 1 comments Links to this post
   Labels: french, antiques, art, mosaics, family antique home, crumbling
   plaster, decayed elegance, fixer upper, hgtv, old house

Sunday, March 11, 2018

A Little Studio Time for Myself

   [blogproject2.jpg]
   Hi Bloggie Friends,
   It has been so very long since I've done any creating just for myself,
   but this weekend was a break in the cycle.  A couple of weeks ago, I
   picked up this fun little frame at my local thrift store.  It was made
   in Italy, was VERY gold, and did I mention, it was PLASTIC.
   EEEEOOOOWWW!  Anyway, I thought it had potential, and went ahead and
   purchased it, even though my husband rolled his eyes at me.
   I'm terrible at remembering to take "before" pictures because I usually
   just want to get to work, but I did find this image on Pinterest that
   is what my little piece looked like except mine was a really garish
   gold.  I saved the little cherub for use in another project sometime.
   [blogprojectbefore2.jpg]
   A little chalk paint, a little wax, clear, followed by brown, and then
   adding back a little gold with a wonderful French gilding wax gave the
   frame the look I wanted.  I covered over the worn red fuzzy backing
   with a nice damask paper and finished the back (not pictured) with a
   similarly styled vintage wallpaper.   Then, I added a pretty lady and
   some gorgeous old French silk ribbon work trim.  After putting her all
   back together, this was the result.
   [blogproject.jpg]
   Beautiful details...
   [blogproject3.jpg]
   [blogproject4.jpg]
   Love me some beautiful old ribbon work any day of the week and twice on
   Sunday!
   [blogproject5.jpg]
   And here she is, hung on the wall in her forever home (well, okay,
   maybe just her "for now" home, but whatever).  I'm so pleased at how it
   turned out.
   [blogproject6.jpg]
   Thanks for coming along for the show and tell.  It's been a long time,
   hasn't it?
   Until next time,
   [5754BE10D6A81BAB9EB1229F87D130CC.png]
   Pin It!
   Posted by FRENCH LAUNDRY at 8:31 PM 2 comments Links to this post
   Labels: french, antiques, art, mosaics, family antiques, cherubs,
   french, marie antoinette, silk ribbon work, thrift store project

Sunday, February 25, 2018

Happy Birthday to my Momma

   An FYI:  this is a very personal post with nothing to do with home
   decor, art, or antiques, but I needed to write it.

                                 [mom.jpg]
                           Mom, stylish, as always

   February 25, 2018.  Today, my mother would have been 97 years old.  She
   would have hated that ("that's too old!" she would have exclaimed,
   unapologetically).  She's been gone 18 years now.  Most years, the day
   passes with just a perfunctory nod to the date on the calendar and a
   quick "Happy birthday, Mom" text to my 2 brothers.  This year though,
   feels different.  It hit me harder this year than in many years, for
   reasons known only to the universe. My only guess is that the 3 month
   old baby (my first child) that I know saved me from experiencing the
   depths of grief I might otherwise have experienced upon her passing is
   now 18 years old.  As he prepares to embark on the rest of his journey
   through this old world as an adult,  heading to college in the fall, I
   suppose I am beginning to feel that loss as well.

                               [momaustin.jpg]
                                Baby Boy, 2000

                              [momaustin2.jpg]
                                Baby Boy 2017

   But let's get back to my mother...

                              [momanddad.jpg]
                         Mom and Dad, 1940-something

   Lullein, or Lucy, as my dad nicknamed her when they began dating their
   senior year of high school, lost her own mother as a 1 year old.  She
   and her older sister spent their young childhood living with their
   mother's younger sister and her family.  My grandfather did the best he
   could to visit the girls regularly and he sent them gifts when he could
   afford it.  After 7 or 8 years, my grandfather remarried, and shortly
   after, the girls got to come live with their father and his new wife,
   Una Mae.  Mae never had any children herself, but in her own way, she
   embraced my mom and her sister and gave them a loving, stable home.
   She was a tall, lanky school teacher with a keen mind and a quick wit.
   She wasn't super touchy feely, but I know that she loved my mom and my
   aunt and they loved her right back.  She taught the girls many
   practical skills, one of which was sewing, I'm pretty sure.
   My mom really took to the sewing and it was a huge part of her life.
   She loved fashion and she made all of her own clothes.  Once she had
   kids, she sewed all of our clothes as well.  Now before you think
   "homemade clothes" and create a picture out of The Waltons in your
   mind, let me clear something up.  My mom loved Vogue patterns, even
   though they cost at least twice as much as the patterns from other
   companies.  She was a perfectionist with her sewing, matching stripes
   and plaids, using beautiful fabrics, tailoring garments to fit like a
   glove, and creating outfits that would rival anything Neiman-Marcus had
   to offer.  She knew which direction the hemlines were heading in any
   given year and could always tell me what color was going to be THE
   color of the next season.  She was an introvert by nature, but she had
   enough pride to always want to look her best, even if she did shy away
   from truly being the center of attention.  This pride involved being
   well dressed from head to toe. Now about her collection of shoes...
   You see, although my mom loved to sew, I think she would have rather
   enjoyed buying a few things off the rack.  Problem was, at a petite 5
   foot 2 inches and not many "petite" sections in the stores, even if she
   bought something ready made, she would either spend the money to have
   it altered (almost never) or bring it home and alter it herself; always
   another step before she could actually wear the item in question.  When
   my mom died, I took home a pair of rather new pajamas she had so that I
   could wear them for myself.  I wore them FOREVER because they reminded
   me of her and since she had worn them, too, it made me feel close to
   her. After MANY washings, a shoulder seam on the pajamas popped, and I
   learned that my mother had actually altered her pajamas 1/4 inch in the
   shoulders to make them fit perfectly.  WHO DOES THAT??? So, what's a
   girl to do?  As she told me once, shoes just fit and you can even wear
   them home from the store if you wish!  So, she really loved shoes
   because, in addition to being pretty, she could just buy them and then
   they were good to go.  I guess my love of shoes is something that I
   came by honestly.  Sadly, my feet bypassed hers in size rather quickly,
   so all of her beautiful shoes that she had when she passed away went to
   strangers with smaller feet.  I hope they appreciated them. 😊  So, in
   acknowledgement of my mother's birthday and our mutual love of shoes
   today, I decided to go ahead and wear the pair of pink velvet heels
   (pink being my mom's favorite clothing color).  I love those heels, but
   haven't worn them much since their purchase.  My day job in a clinical
   laboratory isn't exactly a high heel kind of gig.  Since I wasn't
   working, I rocked the heels, in my mom's honor, despite the fact that I
   only had the most pedestrian of errands to run.

                             [momblogpost.jpg]
                         Me, in my pink velvet heels

   What else did my mom love?  Margaritas.  But usually only half a
   margarita, because...well, because she was a lightweight!  I could
   digress into a discussion of my younger self "helping" her drink her
   Margarita, but let's leave that for another day.  Suffice it to say,
   that, in addition to getting myself put together and sporting some of
   my favorite heels for the day, I had a Margarita for her.  Since she
   couldn't join me, I did have to drink her half as well as mine!  I
   think she would have been OK with that, even if I did take the liberty
   of making mine as I prefer, on the rocks, rather than her favorite
   frozen version. A toast to the birthday girl!
   I should tell you, if you haven't come to the conclusion already, that
   my mother was my best buddy.  I was a late life baby who brought her
   joy and kept her young, according to my dad, but she was equally
   important to me and I followed her everywhere, including the bathroom!
   I was with her when she hung the clothes on the line to dry, when she
   cooked and cleaned, and I sat on the floor of her bedroom and played by
   her feet while she sewed.  She couldn't have shaken me off if she'd
   wanted to, but, lucky for me, she didn't want to.  She seemed to enjoy
   our togetherness as much as I did.  When I got older, we traveled in
   the summer for weeks at a time in our R.V.  We played a lot of games of
   Yahtzee, in addition to making craft projects, reading, and sight
   seeing all over North America with my dad.

                              [momandjudy.jpg]
                   Mom and her constant shadow, circa 1967

                                            [momfamily.jpg]
   The family helping me celebrate my 8th birthday.  My eldest brother was
     taking the photo, so missed getting in the shot. The next month, my
    very pregnant sister-in-law on the right would give my parents their
                            first granddaughter.

   Most of all though, what my mom loved was us. Her family and her home
   were the most important things in her life and I have no doubt she'd
   have given her life for ours. She seemed to love her role as a mom with
   every fiber of her being.  She showed me what unconditional love looked
   and felt like.  She'd have done anything for her husband, children, or
   grandchildren.  She worried like crazy about us when things weren't
   going well and she prayed for our souls when she thought we had strayed
   from our paths.  She lit up like a firefly when we came to visit once
   we were grown.  Nowadays, deep in my middle age,  I occasionally think
   I see a long haired version of her in the mirror when I cast a random
   glance as I walk by-it's a little disconcerting, actually.  I know I
   feel her  presence when I look at my own children, in awe that they are
   actually mine.  I can still remember looking into her eyes as she stood
   by my bedside when I was in labor with my 18 year old son as though it
   were yesterday, and it gives me great comfort.  As a child. she was my
   whole world.  Now, many years later, my world is much larger, but I
   know that without her, I wouldn't be the person that I am and I feel so
   blessed to be her daughter.  Mom, today, on the occasion of your 97th
   birthday, I just want to say, "Happy birthday, Lucy!"  I love you with
   all of my heart and I miss you more than you would have ever guessed.
   Thanks for sticking with me this long, gentle readers.  I needed to
   share this today.
   Until next time,
   Judy
   Pin It!
   Posted by FRENCH LAUNDRY at 11:46 PM 3 comments Links to this post
   Labels: french, antiques, art, mosaics, family birthday wishes, family,
   love, mother

Tuesday, January 23, 2018

Where on Earth Have I Been???

   My oh my, my bloggie friends,
   Where, you ask?  Well, right here, living life, just not blogging.  Are
   any of you still out there or am I deluding myself?  It's been SOOOOOOO
   long (nearly 2 years) since I fired up my Blogger account.  WHAT?  How
   does this happen?  I've missed blogging so much, but the whole
   full-time job thing and trying to juggle 2 kids and 2 Etsy shops
   (didn't do so great on that, more later on in the post), blah, blah,
   blah, you get it.  I have started doing Instagram a small bit, but
   nothing like the blog-more personal, no real theme, just a real
   mish-mash of whatever strikes my fancy on any given day.  It's great
   for short attention span lookey looing, but not like the blogs are.
   The reason I wanted to pop over to say hello was to show you what I
   spent all of last week doing...reviving my sad, neglected little Etsy
   shops.  I actually just let them whither on the vine for a while.  Also
   sad, but apparently, what I needed.  After a few months of nothing new
   being put on there, I finally decided enough was enough.  I asked for a
   week off from work and got busy.  I photographed and measured and
   cataloged.  I got several new pieces up in each shop and I am now
   postured to be able to add more pieces much easier since I did the hard
   work up front.  I thought I'd make little photo collages to give you an
   idea of what's new.  I call this one "Rhapsody in Blue and Gold"-okay,
   just kidding, I didn't name it that, but it does kind of work, don't
   you think?  LOL!
   [TFLJAN18collage.jpg]
   These lovelies can be or will be found soon along with many other
   beautiful treasures at The French Laundry.
   My other shop, Elegant Farmhouse, has also been revamped. If you aren't
   familiar with Elegant Farmhouse, the aesthetic is different than The
   French Laundry.  More simple items, cleaner lines, less fancy.  Funny,
   but this seems to coincide with my split personality when it comes to
   decorating.  Part of me LOVES all the fancy French antiques, the more
   gilt the better, while another part still digs the painted primitives
   that I came to love when I lived in New England.  Hence, 2 shops.  Or,
   if you are Marion of Miss Mustard Seed fame, you can blend both into a
   wonderfully cohesive decorating style.  She is so sweet and so very
   talented...but I digress.  Back to my photo collage.  We'll call this
   one "Study in White and Tan". I plan on adding more items every week to
   both shops, so pop by whenever you get the chance and have a look
   around. You just never know when something is going to strike your
   fancy.
   [EFjan18collage.jpg]
   I'll try to circle back around and share more photos when I get the
   chance.
   Until next time,
   [5754BE10D6A81BAB9EB1229F87D130CC.png]
   Pin It!
   Posted by FRENCH LAUNDRY at 7:00 AM 2 comments Links to this post
   Labels: french, antiques, art, mosaics, family antique candy box,
   antique linen, antiques, Elegant Farmhouse, french, gilt, irice,
   leather book, matson, painted primitives, the french laundry, vintage
   perfume, white ironstone

Wednesday, February 17, 2016

My New Not So Old French Vitrine

   So I've been looking for an antique French vitrine or curio for some
   time now.  I never have found one that I liked that was for sale prior
   to the end of last year or at least not at a price point I felt I could
   afford. Then a couple of months ago, my husband and I visited an estate
   sale on the 3rd and last day.  Just went for giggles, no big
   expectations because all of the "good stuff" was probably already gone,
   right?  Then, what to my wandering eyes did appear but this little
   cutie.  It was not terribly old, maybe only 20 or 30 years, but it had
   all of the right lines, beautiful curved glass, and since it wasn't
   really old, it was in great shape (read NOT a project and a half).  The
   only reason I could figure it was still there was because it was not a
   great finish.  Not horrible, just not inspiring.  I asked the lady
   running the estate sale what she could do on it and it was less than
   $200.  I snatched it up posthaste and knew it was going to be painted
   creamy white when I was done with it.  It took a few weeks before I got
   "a round toit" for the redo, but I finally did it.    This first
   collage is of the "before". Pardon the messy studio, but it is a work
   space after all! :-)
   [beforevitrine.jpg]
   First, I painted her inside and out with Annie Sloan's French Linen.
   Already I was starting to like her better.  This color is so yummy and
   rich, but I wanted it to be white at the end of the day, so I pressed
   on to get the look I saw in my head.
   [vitrine2.jpg]
   After it was completely dry, I painted on a layer of plain white
   Elmer's All Purpose Glue, working in sections.  Just before it was
   completely dry, I painted Annie Sloan's Old White over top.  After
   letting it get good and dry, the paint exhibited beautiful crackling,
   showing off the French Linen underneath.  I lightly sanded a few spots
   where a piece would show some wear with time.  I kept it pretty subtle
   since I wanted an authentic look, not overdone. I gave the whole piece
   a light sanding with 220 grit sandpaper and then wiped it down with a
   damp paper towel.
   [vitrine3.jpg]
   I then sealed the piece with A.S. clear wax. I resisted purchasing
   Annie Sloan's wax for years due to the cost, but my local stockist had
   a small can that allowed me to try it out without shelling out QUITE so
   much money and I have to say, it is well worth the money.  It goes a
   long way and is SO soft and creamy. When hardened, it yields a very
   nice and durable finish.  I also hit a few of the crevices and lightly
   on the body with some dark wax.  I actually had Miss Mustard Seed's
   Antiquing Wax on hand, so I used that rather than buying yet another
   thing to store.Next came the addition of French gilding wax purchased
   from the A.S. stockist, although the brand is not Annie Sloan, it is
   actually a product by the French company Pebeo. I used the classic
   gold.  I wanted to highlight all of the beautiful carving but also saw
   that is would be prettier if it had some gold around the top.  I just
   applied it with my finger and got in the tight spots with a small
   artist paint brush.  This stuff goes on like "buttah" and makes such a
   nice accent-it also takes VERY LITTLE to get a great look, so although
   the price for a tiny jar is somewhat off putting, it is more than
   enough for many projects . Make sure you apply it AFTER any final clear
   wax coat you want to add since clear waxing over the gilding wax will
   remove the gilding.
   [vitrine4.jpg]
   I'm so pleased with how it turned out.  Here it is, in all it's glory,
   holding many of my beautiful ribbon work treasures.
   [vitrine.jpg]
   [vitrine%2Bcontents.jpg]
   So many pretties.  And now I get to gaze at them all of the time.
   [vitrinecontentsbtm.jpg]
   Speaking of ribbon work, if you'd like to see the article I wrote for
   the Journal of Antiques and Collectibles but hadn't had a chance to get
   it, here is a link to the online article. Enjoy...
   Until next time,
   [5754BE10D6A81BAB9EB1229F87D130CC.png]
   Pin It!
   Posted by FRENCH LAUNDRY at 7:30 AM 7 comments Links to this post
   Labels: french, antiques, art, mosaics, family annie sloan chalk paint,
   antique ribbon work, french curio, french laundry, gilding wax, vitrine

Friday, January 1, 2016

New Year, New Stuff in the Etsy Shops

   [Champagne-Girl-Image-GraphicsFairy.jpg]
   I hope you all had a lovely New Year's Eve.  I can hardly believe it is
   2016!  Like many of you, I have high hopes for all of the things I hope
   to accomplish this year and it is always fun to feel like you have a
   blank page to start with.  One of my things I hope to accomplish is to
   keep up with my shop keeping on my Etsy stores.  First accomplishment
   is to load new treasures today over at The French Laundry.  Put a big
   ol' CHECK on that one.  Head over and see my new goodies, fresh this
   morning.  I'll be loading a few more throughout the day and perhaps
   will even get some new "merch" added to my other shop, Elegant
   Farmhouse this weekend.
   [Retro-Bubble-Dancer-Image-GraphicsFairy.jpg]
   Don't you just love these vintage images?  Karen over at The Graphics
   Fairy always has something fun for all of those projects you know you
   have on your list...check her site out if somehow you've been under a
   rock for the last several years and have missed her vintage
   awesomeness. (wink)
   Until next time,
   [5754BE10D6A81BAB9EB1229F87D130CC.png]
   Pin It!
   Posted by FRENCH LAUNDRY at 10:29 AM 1 comments Links to this post
   Labels: french, antiques, art, mosaics, family Elegant Farmhouse,
   feminine antiques, french laundry, new listings, new year, ribbon work

Wednesday, December 30, 2015

A New Year and New Treasures Coming to The French Laundry

   [powderboxvignette1.jpg]
   Hello again Bloggie Friends,
   Once again, the calendar is about to turn over to a new year and it is
   time for me to get serious about stocking my Etsy shop, The French
   Laundry.  I've spent the last part of 2015 buying some awesome things
   that speak to my soul, a few of which are shown above. Some new
   pretties are listed now and a New Year's listapalooza (translation:
   lots of stuff for your perusal) will go live at noon Eastern Standard
   Time on January 1st, 2016.  Come join me in between the Tournament of
   Roses Parade and your "Good Luck" black eyed peas for a little retail
   therapy.
   Until next time,
   [5754BE10D6A81BAB9EB1229F87D130CC.png]
   Pin It!
   Posted by FRENCH LAUNDRY at 8:00 AM 1 comments Links to this post
   Labels: french, antiques, art, mosaics, family 1920s, barbola, Etsy,
   perfume bottle, ribbon work, ribbonwork, the french laundry
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

My Etsy Shop

   My Etsy Shop
   The French Laundry

My Etsy Shop

   My Etsy Shop
   Elegant Farmhouse
   [WhereBloggersCreate2012-180.jpg]

Google Website Translator Gadget

Follow my Etsy Shop on Facebook

   Elegant Farmhouse
   [229055673848761.1389.2119480229.png]
   Promote your Page too

WELCOME TO THE FRENCH LAUNDRY

   Musings from a lover of all things vintage and beautiful.

A BIT ABOUT ME

   My photo

   FRENCH LAUNDRY
          I am a wife, mother, mosaic artist, microbiologist,antique
          dealer,and gypsy soul living in the beautiful state of Colorado.
          My life keeps me busy, but happy. My sons entertain and inspire
          me with their energy and joie de vivre. Sometimes, being a
          middle aged mom, they wear me out, but I've never regretted one
          moment we've been together. In 2004, my son, who was 4 at the
          time, was diagnosed with acute lymphocytic leukemia. He had to
          undergo over 3 years of chemotherapy to get better. I'm happy to
          report that he is doing well, but the experience was life
          changing. I realized that "someday" is a luxury that not
          everyone will get to enjoy. So, with a new paradigm, I have
          embarked upon the artistic journey that I dreamed of doing
          SOMEDAY. I love making mosaic art, selling antiques, and
          dreaming of that beautiful, antique, French inspired space, with
          lots of glamour, grace, and, of course, a healthy dose of Legos
          on the floor along with a little Army man or two. This is, after
          all, reality! Live your dream, but keep it real.

   View my complete profile

Wallpaper Boutique

     * View & Purchase Vintage Wallpaper by Clicking Here

I was a Saturday Night Special Rockstar

   I was featured on FJI

The Charm of Home

   Photobucket

I Was Featured at Ivy and Elephants

   Ivy and Elephants

ARCHIVE

     * ▼  2019 (1)
          + ▼  March (1)
               o Looking is not the same as seeing

     * ►  2018 (3)
          + ►  March (1)
          + ►  February (1)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2016 (2)
          + ►  February (1)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2015 (4)
          + ►  December (4)

     * ►  2014 (5)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  March (1)
          + ►  January (2)

     * ►  2013 (24)
          + ►  December (1)
          + ►  November (1)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  August (1)
          + ►  July (5)
          + ►  June (2)
          + ►  May (3)
          + ►  March (1)
          + ►  February (4)
          + ►  January (4)

     * ►  2012 (34)
          + ►  December (1)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  August (1)
          + ►  July (2)
          + ►  June (4)
          + ►  May (5)
          + ►  April (5)
          + ►  March (8)
          + ►  February (5)
          + ►  January (2)

     * ►  2011 (52)
          + ►  December (4)
          + ►  November (2)
          + ►  October (6)
          + ►  September (4)
          + ►  August (3)
          + ►  July (2)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  May (6)
          + ►  April (4)
          + ►  March (8)
          + ►  February (6)
          + ►  January (6)

     * ►  2010 (28)
          + ►  December (8)
          + ►  November (10)
          + ►  October (5)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  May (1)
          + ►  February (2)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2009 (45)
          + ►  December (2)
          + ►  November (3)
          + ►  October (3)
          + ►  August (3)
          + ►  July (3)
          + ►  June (3)
          + ►  May (5)
          + ►  April (3)
          + ►  March (3)
          + ►  February (7)
          + ►  January (10)

     * ►  2008 (9)
          + ►  December (9)

Search This Blog

   __________ Search

Email Me

   Email Me

Follow me on Pinterest

   Pinterest

Sometime it's okay to be a follower...

Follow by Email

   ____________________ Submit

Popular Posts

     * Hats off to you! Antique ribbon work-a love story, part 2
       As promised, I am sharing my collection of 1920's hats with you.
       All of them feature beautiful ribbon work.  I think you can
       appreciat...
     * Guest Post~French Nordic Design
       Hi Bloggie Friends, Today's feature is a guest post from Mari at
       Design Shuffle.  She is going to discuss one of my favorite looks,
       t...
     * So what do you do with all that vintage wallpaper?
       Happy April Bloggie Friends, After my post about my vintage
       wallpaper for sale last week, I thought maybe it would be fun to
       show you so...
     * The Prettiest Pink Roses Vintage Wallpaper EVER!
       Happy Pink Saturday everyone!  Do you ever see something and your
       jaw just drops because it is SO pretty?  Well, that's what I did
       wh...
     * It's the little things that make me happy
       Isn't it amazing what really gets you all fired up?  I have spent
       several hours over the last few days picking out and printing up
       fun ...

BLOGS THAT ENTERTAIN AND INSPIRE

     * COTE DE TEXAS
       8 hours ago
     * Tongue in Cheek
       16 hours ago
     * Karla's Cottage
       1 day ago
     * Paris Hotel Boutique Journal
       1 week ago
     * Burlap Luxe
       3 months ago
     * Lantlif
       7 months ago
     * White Living
       9 months ago
     * Heather Bullard
       1 year ago
     * Gina Galvin's Design Bloggatorium for Peacock Park
       1 year ago
     * My Romantic Home
       1 year ago
     * pamgarrison
       1 year ago
     * Talking Trash
       2 years ago
     * belle blanc
       2 years ago
     * Carolyn Westbrook Home Blog
       2 years ago
     * Paris Couture Antiques
       3 years ago
     * The Apothecary Shop...
       3 years ago
     * Vintage Flair
       3 years ago
     * villa extra
       3 years ago
     * disegno Karina Gentinetta
       4 years ago
     * French Kissed
       4 years ago
     * Pink Roses
       4 years ago
     * Raised In Cotton
       4 years ago
     * Everyday Beauty
       4 years ago
     * French Garden House
       5 years ago
     * Pretty Petals
       5 years ago
     * TheOldPaintedCottage
       5 years ago
     * SallyJean
       6 years ago
     * Thoughts from Alice W.
       6 years ago
     * Rachel Ashwell Shabby Chic Couture
       6 years ago
     * The Ribboned Crown
       6 years ago
     * Magnolia Pearl
       6 years ago
     * Paris Atelier
       7 years ago
     * Flatwoods Folk Art
       7 years ago
     * Faded Plains
       11 years ago
     * Something White
     * My Petite Maison
     * Attic Charm
     * Restyled Home
     * savvycityfarmer
     * The Fancy Farm Girl
     * Aged Vintage Papier

White Wednesday

   [White-Wedneday-Button.jpg]

Pink Saturday

   [bijw9y.jpg]

Vintage Inspiration Friday

   Vintage Inspiration Friday

Websites to visit

     * Our Cottage Garden
     * French Laundry Ebay Listings
     * French General
     * Beth Quinn Designs
     * Magnolia Pearl
     * Sally Jean

A few of my favorite things...

     * My husband and children
     * Good friends
     * A great cup of coffee
     * A nice glass of Chardonnay
     * 1920's Ribbonwork
     * Antique crowns and tiaras
     * Sea Glass
     * Seashells
     * Victorian paintings, particularly of roses
     * Old statuary
     * Victorian horn and hoof pincushions
     * Eiffel tower souvenirs
