    #next Cuckoo4Design » Feed Cuckoo4Design » Comments Feed

FREE artwork printables!

Cuckoo4Design

   Budget styling ideas, decorating DIYs and cat friendly living tips for
   your small home.

     * Home
     * My Story
          + Press
     * My Tours
          + Our Garden
          + Home Tours
     * DIY
     * Travel
     * Shopping
          + My Amazon Favorites
          + Shop My Home
          + Shop My Fashion Favorites
          + Shop My Instagram
          + Favorite Etsy Shops
          + My Etsy Shop
     * Pets
          + Favorite Cat Products
          + Cat DIY
          + Cat Care
          + Meet our cats
          + Living Pretty With Your Pets
     * GDPR, Disclosure & Privacy Policy

   finished faux peel and stick grasscloth dresser makeover finished faux
   peel and stick grasscloth dresser makeover

peel and stick grasscloth wallpaper furniture makeover

   This post may contain affiliate links from which I will earn a
   commission at no extra cost to you. Click here to read my full
   disclosure policy.  I have mentioned before that my mom always hated
   the Otomi decal on my Ikea Besta TV unit but that’s not why I decided
   to change it. It’s…

   Read More »

Most recent post:

BHG StyleMaker Event 2019

   September 30, 2019 By Julia 11 Comments

   This post may contain affiliate links from which I will earn a
   commission at no extra cost to you. Click here to read my full
   disclosure policy. The annual BHG StyleMaker event in New York is
   always a highlight of my year. Posting about the event here on my blog
   makes me feel slightly self-absorbed…

   Read More »

   floating pumpkin patch in pool floating pumpkin patch in pool

Fall Stock Tank Pool Update and Floating Pumpkins

   September 18, 2019 By Julia 7 Comments

   This post may contain affiliate links from which I will earn a
   commission at no extra cost to you. Click here to read my full
   disclosure policy. Our stock tank pool DIY this spring was definitely a
   hit, here on the blog, on social media and most importantly with our
   family and friends. It has…

   Read More »

Cuckoo 4 Fall

   a hint of modern fall decor in this eclectic home tour a hint of modern
   fall decor in this eclectic home tour

   Blue Jeans Fall or Thanksgiving Tablescape Blue Jeans Fall or
   Thanksgiving Tablescape

   untraditional Fall and Halloween flower arrangement untraditional Fall
   and Halloween flower arrangement

   blue and neutral fall home tour blue and neutral fall home tour

   neutral eclectic boho fall tour - Cuckoo4Design neutral eclectic boho
   fall tour - Cuckoo4Design

   Thanksgiving Table Setting - Cuckoo4Design Thanksgiving Table Setting -
   Cuckoo4Design

   Fall Blogger Stylin Home Tours - Cuckoo4Design Fall Blogger Stylin Home
   Tours - Cuckoo4Design

Cuckoo 4 Halloween

   forrest fairy forrest fairy

Forest Elf or Fairy Costume

   8 affordable mens black and white mens Halloween costumes 8 affordable
   mens black and white mens Halloween costumes

Friday Favorites: affordable Black and White Halloween Costumes

   easy tutorial on how to make creepy zombie makeup with some easy to
   follow steps. If you can decoupage a craft project than you can make
   zombie makeup too | kids Halloween makeup | affordable DIY costume |
   soccer zombie easy tutorial on how to make creepy zombie makeup with
   some easy to follow steps. If you can decoupage a craft project than
   you can make zombie makeup too | kids Halloween makeup | affordable DIY
   costume | soccer zombie

Soccer Zombie Makeup

   black and white Halloween porch black and white Halloween porch

Black and white Halloween Front Porch

   4 easy costumes that start with one plain shirt dress 4 easy costumes
   that start with one plain shirt dress

4 easy costumes that start with 1 plain shirt dress

   cat in a lion costume cat in a lion costume

Friday Etsy Favorites: Halloween

   Easy and unique sad clown costume Easy and unique sad clown costume

Easy and unique sad Harlequin costume

   Easy Queen of hearts costume - Cuckoo4Design Easy Queen of hearts
   costume - Cuckoo4Design

Cheap and Easy Queen of Hearts Costume

   DIY Maleficent Costume DIY Maleficent Costume

DIY Maleficent Costume

   [bar.jpg]

More of the latest posts:

   finished faux peel and stick grasscloth dresser makeover finished faux
   peel and stick grasscloth dresser makeover

peel and stick grasscloth wallpaper furniture makeover

   floating pumpkin patch in pool floating pumpkin patch in pool

Fall Stock Tank Pool Update and Floating Pumpkins

Wool and Yarn Macrame Leaf

Wool and yarn macrame wreath tutorial

Small yard landscaping ideas

Our new stock tank swimming pool in our sloped yard

The perfect white and blue chandelier for our daughter’s bedroom

DIY fine art reproduction oil painting of my great-grandmother

Our Stock Tank Pool Planning

   [bar.jpg]

Cuckoo 4 Cats

Connected outside cat enclosures with an enclosed tree

   Easy DIY Cat Enclosure Easy DIY Cat Enclosure

Video of our cats in the catio

Amazing Litter Box Enclosure

Our New Outdoor Cat Tunnel

Outdoor Cat Cage Made From Wood Utility Shelving

   How to make a personalized plates of your cats | How to make a
   personalized_salad_plate of your pet for walldecor How to make a
   personalized plates of your cats | How to make a
   personalized_salad_plate of your pet for walldecor

DIY decorative pet salad plates

   outdoor DIY cat enclosure outdoor DIY cat enclosure

Outdoor Cat Jungle Gym

   large catio cat enclosure structure with trees and climbing posts large
   catio cat enclosure structure with trees and climbing posts

Awesome Large DIY backyard Cat Enclosure

   Best electronic cat door ever Best electronic cat door ever

Custom Electronic Pet Door Contraption

   [bar.jpg]

Cuckoo 4 Crafts

   DIY fireplace macrame garland DIY fireplace macrame garland

   More Posts from this Category

   [bar.jpg]

Cuckoo 4 Furniture Makeovers

   painted barstools in white kitchen - Cuckoo4Design painted barstools in
   white kitchen - Cuckoo4Design

   More Posts from this Category

   [bar.jpg]

Cuckoo 4 Traveling

   Shoals CluShoals Club on Bald Head Island aShoals Club on Bald Head
   Islandb on Bald Head Island Shoals CluShoals Club on Bald Head Island
   aShoals Club on Bald Head Islandb on Bald Head Island

   Burg Eltz view from top Burg Eltz view from top

   Reichsburg Cochem Reichsburg Cochem

   Valentino - Southwestern Embroidered Guitar Strap for Handbag Knock Off
   Valentino - Southwestern Embroidered Guitar Strap for Handbag Knock Off

   Schneewittchenstadt Lohr am Main Schneewittchenstadt Lohr am Main

   Avalon NJ Avalon NJ

   Ronneburg Castle Germany Ronneburg Castle Germany

   Amsterdam Amsterdam

   Lucerne Switzerland Lucerne Switzerland

   hiking Fürenalp Engelberg hiking Fürenalp Engelberg

   More Posts from this Category

   Cuckoo4Design Cuckoo4Design
                       [wAAACwAAAAAAQABAEACAkQBADs=] [mail.jpg]
   I’m a German citizen living in the US who is cuckoo for all things DIY,
   design and pets. This is my design journey of our small home on a
   budget. Come stay a while and look around. Click HERE to read more
   about me and HERE to see my projects and blog posts.

Blog Archive

   Blog Archive [Select Month__]

   I am a participant in several affiliate programs which includes the
   Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising
   program designed to provide a means for me to earn fees by linking to
   Amazon.com and affiliated sites. To read more about this please click
   over to my full disclosure statement HERE.

   ©Cuckoo4Design (2018), unauthorized use and/or duplication of this
   material without express and written permission from this blog’s author
   and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Please contact the owner of this
   blog to discuss possible features.

   We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our
   website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are
   happy with it.OkayPrivacy Policy
