   #Vainglory » Feed Vainglory » Comments Feed Vainglory » Cross Platform
   Home Comments Feed alternate alternate

   [tr?id=284452198416460&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Vainglory
   Download Vainglory on Google Play
   Download Vainglory in the App Store
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
   [English__]
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Twitch

     * English
     * /
     * 日本語
     * /
     * 한국어

     * Vainglory Fire
     * Vainglory Twitch
     * Vainglory YouTube
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Vainglory Facebook
     * Vainglory Reddit
     * Vainglory VK
     * Vainglory Twitter

   Download for free
   Coming soon download
   Amazon download
   iOS download
   Android download
   Direct download

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/MWYcMyQkEOQ?rel=0&enablejsapi=1&modestbra
   nding=1&autohide=1&showinfo=0&controls=0

     * THE NEXT GEN MOBA IS NOW
       CROSS PLATFORM
    Play with anyone, anywhere, on any device
     * PLAY DEEP STRATEGIC 25MIN BATTLES
       OR 5MIN BRAWL MODES
    Competitive gameplay parity across PC, Mac and mobile platforms
     * Most Powerful Engine
    Best graphics & highest frame rates across widest range of devices

   Join us as Vainglory cross-platform enters early access!
   Nabbed a special code from one of our partners? Download
   the game, create an account, and head over to our player
   portal to redeem!
   (BUTTON) To redeem codes click here
     * [map_english.jpg]
     * [heroes_english.jpg]
     * [xplat_english.jpg]
     * [claim_english.jpg]
     * [modes_english.jpg]

   semc-logo

   NEVER SETTLE FOR THE LESSER EVIL
   CONTINUE TO VAINGLORYGAME.COM

   All Rights Reserved. Super Evil Megacorp.

   PRIVACY POLICY

   Vainglory

   © Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo are
   trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.

   Privacy Policy | Fan Content Policy | Terms Of Use
   Vainglory

   Top

Terms Of Use Agreement

Terms Of Use Agreement
     __________________________________________________________________

   Last Modified: September 8, 2014

   Vainglory™ (the “Game”) is a free-to-play, session-based, multiplayer
   online battle arena game developed and operated by Super Evil MegaCorp
   (“Super Evil”). For purposes of this Agreement (defined below), “you”
   and “your” mean the user of the platform on which the Game will be or
   has been installed.

   PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT (THIS “TERMS OF USE” OR
   "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW, OR BY
   PARTICIPATING IN THE GAME, OR BY USING THE HTTP://WWW.VAINGLORYGAME.COM
   OR HTTP://FORUMS.VAINGLORYGAME.COM WEBSITES AND RELATED WEBPAGES (THE
   “SITE”), YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN
   CONTRACT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE
   AGREEMENT, CLICK ON THE BUTTON THAT INDICATES THAT YOU DO NOT AGREE TO
   ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT (IF APPLICABLE) AND DO NOT
   PARTICIPATE IN THE GAME OR USE THE SITE.

I. LIMITED USE LICENSE

   The Site and the Game are available for use only by authorized end
   users in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
   Agreement. In addition to this Agreement. The Site, and the Game
   (collectively, the “Properties”) are provided for your individual,
   non-commercial, entertainment purposes only. Except as may be expressly
   permitted by Super Evil, you may not sell, copy, exchange, transfer,
   publish, assign or otherwise distribute anything you copy or derive
   from the Properties.

II. REQUIREMENTS

   In using the Site, and/or by clicking “accept” when you install the
   Software, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree with
   the terms of this Agreement. You are wholly responsible for the cost of
   all internet connection fees, along with all equipment, servicing, or
   repair costs necessary to allow you access to the Game.

III. ACCOUNT INFORMATION

   A. General. While some elements of the Site and the Game may be
   generally accessed by the public, certain aspects of the Site and the
   Game (e.g. posting in the Forums, as defined below) require you to
   create an Account by providing Super Evil with certain personal
   information, specifically, your email address and date of birth. You
   agree that you will supply accurate and complete information to Super
   Evil, and that you will update that information promptly after it
   changes. The information will be used by Super Evil for a variety of
   internal purposes, including without limitation, to maintain the
   Account, to ensure that your Account is unique, to deal with security,
   debugging and technical support issues, and for possible
   payment-related issues. You acknowledge that, if any information
   provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Super
   Evil reserves the right to terminate this Agreement, your Account,
   and/or your use of the Game. Please note that in utilizing certain
   areas of the Site or the Game, you will be requested to provide
   additional information in order to complete a purchase, such as your
   name, full address, credit card information or other payment
   information as appropriate to the selected payment method.

   B. Eligibility. Only “natural persons,” as opposed to any kinds of
   legal entities (e.g., corporations, limited liability companies, and/or
   partnerships), shall have the privilege of establishing an Account. By
   entering into this Agreement and creating an Account, you represent
   that you have the legal capacity to enter into a contract in the
   jurisdiction where you reside. You agree to comply with this Agreement
   on behalf of yourself and, at your discretion, any minor children for
   whom you are the parent or legal guardian and whom you have authorized
   to play the Game using your Account. You further agree that you are
   entirely liable for all activities conducted through your Account, and
   are responsible for ensuring that you and/or your child is aware of,
   understands, and complies with the terms of this Agreement and any and
   all other Super Evil rules, policies, notices and/or agreements.

   THE SITE AND THE GAME ARE NOT DIRECTED AT CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF
   AGE, NOR DOES SUPER EVIL KNOWINGLY COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
   UNDER 13. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONALLY
   IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO SUPER EVIL.

   C. Login Credentials. In creating an Account, you will be required to
   select a unique username and password (collectively, “Login
   Credentials”), which you will use each time you access the Game using
   your Account. You may not share your Account with anyone other than as
   expressly set forth herein, and you are entirely responsible for
   maintaining the confidentiality of your Login Credentials and for any
   and all activities (including purchases and charges, as applicable)
   that are conducted through your Account. Please notify Super Evil
   immediately if you become aware of any breach of security, including
   any loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your Login Credentials.

   D. Account Sales. The Account supplied to you is personal to you, and
   Super Evil does not recognize and expressly forbids the transfer of
   user Accounts. You shall not purchase, sell, gift or trade any Account,
   or make any such offer, and any attempt shall be null and void. Any
   distribution by you of your Account and/or your Login Credentials
   (except as expressly provided herein or otherwise explicitly approved
   of by Super Evil) may result in suspension or termination of your
   Account.

   E. Suspension/Termination.

   1. By Super Evil. SUPER EVIL RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SUSPEND, TERMINATE,
   MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON,
   WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU, AND WITH NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND TO
   YOU. Additionally, Super Evil may stop offering and/or supporting the
   Game at any time. For purposes of explanation and not limitation, most
   Account suspensions, terminations and/or deletions are the result of
   violation of this Agreement. Accounts terminated by Super Evil shall
   not be reinstated under any conditions whatsoever.

   2. By You. You may terminate your Account at any time, for any reason
   or no reason, by contacting Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com.

IV. OWNERSHIP

   A. Intellectual Property. All rights and title in and to the
   Properties, and all content included therein (including, without
   limitation, user Accounts, computer code, titles, objects, artifacts,
   characters, character names, locations, location names, stories, story
   lines, dialog, catch phrases, artwork, graphics, structural or
   landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and
   recordings, audio-visual effects, character likenesses, and methods of
   operation) are owned by Super Evil or its licensors. The Properties,
   and all content therein are protected by United States and other
   international intellectual property laws. Super Evil and its licensors
   reserve all rights in connection with the Properties, including,
   without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works
   therefrom. You agree that you will not create any work of authorship
   based on the Properties except as expressly permitted by Super Evil.
   Additionally, except as otherwise set forth in this Section IV.A, Super
   Evil does not authorize you to make any use whatsoever of any Super
   Evil trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names,
   taglines, and/or trade dress (collectively, the "Super Evil Marks")
   under any circumstances without a written license agreement. Any
   reproduction, redistribution, or modification of the Properties, or use
   of the Properties not in accordance with the this Agreement, is
   expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal
   penalties.

   B. Game Assets, Virtual Items. When using the Game, you may accumulate
   in-Game assets associated with your Account, including, without
   limitation, objects, artifacts, currency, items, equipment, and/or
   other value or status indicators (“Game Assets”) that reside on servers
   operated by Super Evil as data. You acknowledge and agree that such
   Game Assets are accumulated as part of your Account and therefore you
   shall have no ownership or other property interest in any of those Game
   Assets. You further acknowledge and agree that Super Evil has the
   right, but not the obligation, to delete, alter, move, remove, or
   transfer any and all Game Assets, in whole or in part, at any time and
   for any reason, with or without notice to you, and with no liability of
   any kind to you. Super Evil does not provide or guarantee, and
   expressly disclaims any value, cash or otherwise, attributed to any
   data residing on servers operated by Super Evil, including without
   limitation the Game Assets associated with your Account.

   C. Unsolicited Idea Submissions. Super Evil values your feedback on its
   services and products, but please do not submit any creative ideas,
   suggestions or materials. Neither Super Evil nor any of its employees
   and/or contractors accept or consider unsolicited ideas, original
   creative artwork or other works, including, without limitation, ideas
   or suggestions for new or improved games or technologies, game or
   product enhancements, marketing plans or names for new games
   (collectively “Unsolicited Ideas”). Please do not send your Unsolicited
   Ideas to Super Evil or its employees and/or contractors. This policy is
   aimed at avoiding potential misunderstandings or disputes when Super
   Evil’ products or services might seem similar to Unsolicited Ideas that
   are submitted. If you do submit your Unsolicited Ideas to Super Evil or
   to any of its employees and/or contractors despite this policy, then
   you hereby acknowledge and agree that, from the time of transmission or
   dispatch, you grant Super Evil and its designees a worldwide,
   perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, transferable, assignable,
   non-exclusive and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce,
   distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works of,
   publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made,
   sell, offer for sale and import your Unsolicited Ideas, including,
   without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents,
   industrial rights and all other intellectual and proprietary rights
   related thereto, in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any
   purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, including, without
   limitation, giving the Unsolicited Ideas to others, without any
   compensation to you. To the extent necessary, you agree that you
   undertake to execute and deliver any and all documents and perform any
   and all actions necessary or desirable to ensure that the rights to use
   the Unsolicited Ideas granted to Super Evil as specified above are
   valid, effective and enforceable. You also give up any claim that any
   use by Super Evil and/or its licensees of your Unsolicited Ideas
   violates any of your rights, including but not limited to moral rights,
   privacy rights, rights to publicity, proprietary or other rights,
   and/or rights to credit for the material or ideas set for therein.

V. CODE OF CONDUCT

   While using any of the Properties, you agree to comply with all
   applicable laws, rules and regulations. You also agree to comply with
   certain additional rules that govern your use of the Properties (the
   "Code of Conduct"). The Code of Conduct is not meant to be exhaustive,
   and Super Evil reserves the right to modify this Code of Conduct at any
   time, as well as take appropriate disciplinary measures including
   Account termination and deletion to protect the integrity and spirit of
   the Properties, regardless of whether a specific behavior is listed
   here as prohibited. The following are examples of behavior that warrant
   disciplinary measures:

   A. Impersonating any person, business, or entity, including an employee
   of Super Evil, or communicating in any way that makes it appear that
   the communication originates from Super Evil;

   B. Posting identifying information about yourself, or any other user,
   to the Site or within the Game;

   C. Harassing, stalking, or threatening any other users in the Game;

   D. Removing, altering or concealing any copyright, trademark, patent or
   other proprietary rights notices of Super Evil contained in the Site,
   the Game and/or the Software. You also may not transmit content that
   violates or infringes the rights of others, including without
   limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity,
   personal rights or other proprietary or non-proprietary rights;

   E. Transmitting or communicating any content which, in the sole and
   exclusive discretion of Super Evil, is deemed offensive, including, but
   not limited to, language that is unlawful, harmful, threatening,
   abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, or
   racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;

   F. Transmitting or facilitating the transmission of any content that
   contains a virus, corrupted data, trojan horse, bot keystroke logger,
   worm, time bomb, cancelbot or other computer programming routines that
   are intended to and/or actually damage, detrimentally interfere with,
   surreptitiously intercept or mine, scrape or expropriate any system,
   data or personal information;

   G. Spamming chat, whether for personal or commercial purposes, by
   disrupting the flow of conversation with repeated postings of a similar
   nature;

   H. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, "exploits" an undocumented aspect of the Game
   in order to secure an unfair advantage over other users;

   I. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, defrauds any other user of the Game, including,
   but not limited to, by "scamming" or "social engineering;”

   J. Using any unauthorized third party programs, including but not
   limited to "mods," "hacks," "cheats," "scripts," "bots," "trainers,"
   and automation programs, that interact with the Software in any way,
   for any purpose, including, without limitation, any unauthorized third
   party programs that intercept, emulate, or redirect any communication
   between the Software and Super Evil and any unauthorized third party
   programs that collect information about the Game by reading areas of
   memory used by the Software to store information;

   K. Accessing or attempting to access areas of the Game or Game servers
   that have not been made available to the public;

   L. Selecting a name that is falsely indicative of an association with
   Super Evil, contains personally identifying information, infringes on
   the proprietary or non-proprietary rights of third parties, or that is
   offensive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, racially,
   ethnically, or otherwise objectionable. You may not use a misspelling
   or an alternative spelling to circumvent this restriction on name
   choices. Super Evil may modify any name which, in the sole and
   exclusive judgment of Super Evil, violates this provision without
   further notification to you, and may take further disciplinary
   measures, including Account termination, for repeated violations; or

VI. USER CONTENT

   A. Ownership. “Content” means any communications, images, sounds, and
   all the material and information that you upload or transmit through
   the Site or the Game, or that other users upload or transmit,
   including, without limitation, any Forum (defined below) postings.

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that you remain fully responsible for
   and are the owner of any and all Content. However, you grant Super Evil
   from the time of uploading or transmission of the Content through any
   channel, non-exclusively, all now known or hereafter existing
   copyrights and all other intellectual property rights to all Content of
   every kind and nature, in perpetuity (or for the maximum duration of
   protection afforded by applicable law), throughout the universe and you
   hereby grant Super Evil as a present non-exclusive license of future
   rights all such intellectual property rights to the extent owned by
   you. In the event that any of the Content is not licensable, you hereby
   grant to Super Evil and its licensors, including, without limitation,
   its respective successors and assigns, a perpetual, irrevocable,
   sublicensable, transferable, worldwide, paid-up right to reproduce,
   fix, adapt, modify, translate, reformat, transmit, or provide access to
   electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public by
   telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and
   use and practice such Content as well as all modified and derivative
   works thereof, without compensation to you. To the extent necessary,
   you agree that you will undertake to execute and deliver any and all
   documents and perform any and all actions necessary or desirable to
   ensure that the rights to use the Content granted to Super Evil as
   specified above are valid, effective and enforceable. You also hereby
   waive any moral rights you may have in such Content under the laws of
   any jurisdiction to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your
   jurisdiction. You represent, warrant and agree that none of the Content
   will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality,
   attribution or otherwise, on the part of Super Evil and Super Evil will
   not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content. You further
   acknowledge and agree that you shall not upload or otherwise transmit
   on or through the Site or the Game any Content that is subject to any
   third-party rights.

   B. Consent to Monitoring. Super Evil does not, and cannot, pre-screen
   or monitor all Content. However, its representatives may monitor and/or
   record your communications (including, without limitation, Forum
   postings and/or Chat) when you are playing the Game or using the Site,
   and you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and
   recording. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of
   privacy concerning the submission of any Content. Super Evil does not
   assume any responsibility or liability for Content that is generated by
   users of the Site and/or Game. Super Evil has the right but not the
   obligation, in its sole discretion, to edit, refuse to post, or remove
   any Content. Furthermore, Super Evil also reserves the right, at all
   times and in its sole discretion, to disclose any Content for any
   reason, including, without limitation (i) to satisfy any applicable
   law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) to enforce
   the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement; (iii) to protect
   the legal rights and remedies of Super Evil; (iv) where someone’s
   health or safety may be threatened; or (v) to report a crime or other
   offensive behavior. Please take care to not provide any personally
   identifiable information in the Chat or the Forums and to abide by the
   Code of Conduct, understanding that you do not have an expectation of
   privacy in the Content you provide in the Chat or Forums, and that
   members of Super Evil and the Community, outside of those you play
   directly with or against in the Game, might have access to the
   information in the Chat or the Forums at any time.

   C. Forums. If you have a valid and active Account, you may post
   communications and other content to the “forums” section of the Site
   (the “Forums”). You agree to abide by the Code of Conduct, as well as
   the policy concerning Links (found below) while participating in the
   Forums. You understand that much of the information included in the
   Forums is from other players who are not employed by or under the
   control of Super Evil. You further acknowledge that a large volume of
   information is available in the Forums and that people participating in
   such Forums may occasionally post messages or make statements, whether
   intentionally or unintentionally, that are inaccurate, misleading,
   deceptive, abusive or even unlawful. Super Evil neither endorses nor is
   responsible for such messages or statements, or for any opinion,
   advice, information or other utterance made or displayed in the Forums
   by you or the other users. The opinions expressed in the Forums reflect
   solely the opinions of you and/or the other users and may not reflect
   the opinions of Super Evil. Super Evil is not responsible for any
   errors or omissions in postings, for hyperlinks embedded in messages or
   for any results obtained from the use of the information contained in
   the Forums. Under no circumstances will Super Evil be liable for any
   loss or damage caused by your reliance on the information in the Forums
   or your use of the Forums. You should be aware that, when you disclose
   information about yourself in a Forum, the information is being made
   publicly available and may be collected and used by other users. When
   you disclose any information in a Forum, you do so at your own risk.
   Super Evil reserves the right to, but has no obligation to, monitor the
   Forums, or any postings or other materials that you or other players
   transmit or post on the Forums, to alter or remove any such materials,
   and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their
   transmission to any third party in order to operate the Site properly
   or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.

VII. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS

   A. Agreement. Super Evil reserves the right, in its sole and absolute
   discretion, to revise, update, change, modify, add to, supplement, or
   delete certain terms of this Agreement as the Properties evolve;
   provided, however, that material changes to this Agreement will not be
   applied retroactively. Such changes will be effective with or without
   prior notice to you. You can review the most current version of this
   Agreement by clicking on the “Terms of Use” link located at the bottom
   of the Site. You are responsible for checking this Agreement
   periodically for changes. If any future changes to this Agreement are
   unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in agreement or
   compliance with this Agreement, you must terminate this Agreement and
   immediately stop using the Properties. Your continued use of any of the
   Properties following any revision to this Agreement constitutes your
   complete and irrevocable acceptance of any and all such changes. If at
   any time you do not agree with any portion of the then-current version
   of a particular Super Evil policy, including but not limited to this
   Agreement, you must immediately stop using the Properties.

   B. The Properties. In an effort to improve the Properties, you agree
   that Super Evil may change, modify, update, suspend, “nerf,” or
   restrict your access to any features or parts of the Properties,
   including purchased or unlockable content, and may require that you
   download and install updates to the Software, at any time without
   notice or liability to you. You also understand and agree that any such
   changes or updates to the Properties might change the system
   specifications necessary to play the Game, and in such a case, you, and
   not Super Evil, are responsible for purchasing any necessary additional
   software and/or hardware in order to access and play the Game.

VIII. LINKS

   The Site may contain links to websites operated by other parties. Super
   Evil provides these links to you as a convenience, or other users might
   be posting these links as user-provided Content. Use of these links and
   the external websites are at your own risk. The linked sites are not
   under the control of Super Evil, and Super Evil is not responsible for
   the content available on the other sites. Such links do not imply
   endorsement by Super Evil of information or material on any other site,
   and Super Evil disclaims all liability with regard to your access to
   and use of such linked websites.

   Should you choose to provide a link on the Site or within the Game
   (e.g., on the Forums or via Chat) to an external website, unless
   otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and Super Evil,
   you acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) the appearance,
   position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or
   dilute the goodwill associated with Super Evil’ and/or its licensors’
   names and trademarks; (ii) the appearance, position and other
   attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your
   organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated
   with Super Evil; (iii) when selected by a user, the link must display
   the external website on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the
   linking Site; and (iv) Super Evil reserves the right to revoke its
   consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.

IX. FEES

   Some aspects of the Game may require you to pay a fee, and you agree
   that you will provide accurate and complete payment information to the
   third-party payment provider used by Super Evil. You further agree to
   pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an
   Account registered to you. Super Evil may revise the pricing for the
   Game or any item associated therewith at any time. All fees and charges
   are payable in accordance with payment terms in effect at the time the
   fee or the charge becomes due and payable. Super Evil may, from time to
   time, modify, amend, or supplement its fees and fee-billing methods,
   and such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting in this
   Agreement or elsewhere on the Site or in the Game. If there is a
   dispute regarding payment of fees to Super Evil, your Account may be
   closed without warning or notice at the sole discretion of Super Evil.

   YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY APPLICABLE FEES AND OTHER CHARGES
   FOR FEE-BASED SERVICES ARE PAYABLE IN ADVANCE AND NOT REFUNDABLE IN
   WHOLE OR IN PART. YOU ARE FULLY LIABLE FOR ALL CHARGES TO YOUR ACCOUNT,
   INCLUDING ANY UNAUTHORIZED CHARGES.

   X. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (DMCA) If
   you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content
   posted on the Site by a Super Evil user infringes upon your copyright,
   please submit notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
   (17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) to the Super Evil Copyright Agent with the
   following information:

   A. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act
   on behalf of the owner of the copyright;

   B. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
   infringed;

   C. The URL of the location on the Super Evil Site containing the
   material that you claim is infringing;

   D. Your address, telephone number, and email address;

   E. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
   disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
   the law; and

   F. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
   information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
   owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

   Super Evil’s Copyright Agent can be reached by mail at: Super Evil Mega
   Corp, 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, ATTN: Copyright Agent; or by
   email at: support@superevilmegacorp.com. Attachments cannot be accepted
   at the email address for security reasons. Accordingly, any
   notification of infringement submitted electronically with an
   attachment will not be received or processed. Please note that these
   notifications are legal notices, and that Super Evil may provide copies
   of such notices to the participants in the dispute or to third parties,
   at its discretion or as required by law.

XI. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

   THE PROPERTIES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”
   BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUPER EVIL
   DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHICH MIGHT APPLY TO THE
   PROPERTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
   NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
   ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
   PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, AND ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY,
   RELIABILITY OR QUALITY OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN
   THE PROPERTIES. SUPER EVIL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROPERTIES WILL BE
   UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT
   THE PROPERTIES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU
   ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE PROPERTIES TO ACHIEVE YOUR
   INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS
   OBTAINED FROM THE PROPERTIES.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of
   implied warranties, the forgoing disclaimer may, in whole or in part,
   not apply to you.

XII. INDEMNIFICATION

   YOU HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS SUPER EVIL FROM
   AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LAWSUITS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES
   AND COSTS (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) THAT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISE
   OR RESULT FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES, OR ANY VIOLATION
   BY YOU OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. Super Evil reserves
   the right, at its own expense and in its sole and absolute discretion,
   to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise
   subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate
   with Super Evil in asserting any available defenses.

XIII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

   UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL Super
   Evil BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
   (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF
   DATA, LOSS OF GOOD WILL, OR LOST PROFITS), OR ANY DAMAGES FOR GROSS
   NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR WORK
   STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL
   DAMAGES OR LOSSES) ARISING FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES,
   EVEN IF Super Evil KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
   DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL Super Evil BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN
   EXCESS OF ANY AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO Super Evil FOR GAME-RELATED
   TRANSACTIONS, IF ANY, DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO
   THE TIME YOUR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the
   limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in
   such states or jurisdictions, the liability of Super Evil shall be
   limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

XIV. EQUITABLE REMEDIES

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that Super Evil would suffer
   irreparable harm if this Agreement were not specifically enforced.
   Consequently, in addition to such monetary and other relief as may be
   recoverable at law, you agree that Super Evil shall be entitled to
   specific performance or other injunctive relief, without bond, other
   security, or proof of damages, as remedy for any breach or threatened
   breach of this Agreement. Additionally, in the event any legal or
   administrative action or proceeding is brought by either party in
   connection with this Agreement and consistent with Section XV below,
   the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to
   recover from the other party all the costs, attorneys’ fees and other
   expenses incurred by such prevailing party as the result of the action
   or proceeding.

XV. NEGOTIATIONS, BINDING ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW

   A. Negotiations. Disputes can be expensive and time consuming for both
   parties. In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of
   any dispute or claim related to this Agreement (“Claim”), you and Super
   Evil agree to first attempt to informally negotiate any Claim for at
   least thirty (30) days (except those Claims expressly excluded in
   Section XV.F below). Super Evil will send its notice to the address it
   has on file to the extent that you have provided additional contact
   information to Super Evil (e.g. by participating in a promotion or
   survey, or contacting a customer services representative). Otherwise,
   Super Evil will send its notice to the email address associated with
   your Account. You will send your notice to Super Evil Mega Corp 400 1st
   Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, Attn: Legal Department. Please note that
   this informal resolution procedure does not suspend any statutory
   limitation periods applicable to the bringing of a Claim.

   B. Binding Arbitration. If the parties fail to resolve a Claim through
   negotiations, within such thirty (30)-day period, either you or Super
   Evil may elect to have the Claim (except as otherwise provided in
   Section XV.F) finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration
   by sending a written notice requesting arbitration to the other party.
   Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on
   the other. The arbitration will be conducted under the Commercial
   Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”)
   and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer
   Related Disputes (“AAA Consumer Rules”) that are in effect at the time
   the arbitration is initiated and under the terms set forth in this
   Agreement. Both the AAA Rules and the AAA Consumer Rules can be found
   at the AAA website, www.adr.org. In the event of a conflict between the
   terms set forth in this Section XV.B and either the AAA Rules or the
   AAA Consumer Rules, the terms in this Section XV.B will control and
   prevail.

   Except as otherwise set forth in Section XV.F, you may seek any
   remedies available to you under federal, state or local laws in an
   arbitration action. As part of the arbitration, both you and Super Evil
   will have the opportunity for discovery of non-privileged information
   that is relevant to the Claim. The arbitrator will provide a written
   statement of the arbitrator’s decision regarding the Claim, the award
   given and the arbitrator’s findings and conclusions on which the
   arbitrator’s decision is based. The determination of whether a Claim is
   subject to arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act
   and determined by a court rather than an arbitrator. Except as
   otherwise provided in this Agreement, (i) you and Super Evil may
   litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending
   arbitration, or confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award
   entered by the arbitrator; and (ii) the arbitrator’s decision is final,
   binding on all parties and enforceable in any court that has
   jurisdiction, provided that any award may be challenged if the
   arbitrator fails to follow applicable law.

   BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND
   Super Evil ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL.

   C. Arbitration Fees. If we are initiating arbitration for a Claim, we
   will pay all costs charged by the AAA Rules for initiating the
   arbitration. Your share of all other fees and costs of the arbitration,
   including your share of arbitrator compensation, will be charged
   pursuant to the AAA Rules, and where appropriate, limited by the AAA
   Consumer Rules. Where your share of the costs is deemed to be excessive
   by the arbitrator, Super Evil will pay all arbitration fees and
   expenses.

   D. Location. The arbitration will take place in your hometown area if
   you so notify Super Evil in your notice of arbitration or within ten
   (10) days following receipt of Super Evil’ arbitration notice. In the
   absence of a notice to conduct the arbitration in your hometown area,
   the arbitration will be conducted in Los Angeles, California, unless
   the parties agree to video, phone and/or internet connection
   appearances. Any Claim not subject to arbitration (other than claims
   proceeding in any small claims court), or where no election to
   arbitrate has been made, shall be decided exclusively by a court of
   competent jurisdiction in San Mateo, California, United States of
   America, and you and Super Evil agree to submit to the personal
   jurisdiction of that court.

   E. Limitations. You and Super Evil agree that any arbitration shall be
   limited to the Claim between Super Evil and you individually. YOU AND
   Super Evil AGREE THAT (A) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY
   DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS
   ACTION PROCEDURES; (B) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE
   TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR AS A PRIVATE
   ATTORNEY GENERAL; AND (C) NO ARBITRATION SHALL BE JOINED WITH ANY
   OTHER.

   F. Exceptions to Negotiations and Arbitration. You and Super Evil agree
   that the following Claims are not subject to the above provisions
   concerning negotiations and binding arbitration: (i) any Claims seeking
   to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of your or
   Super Evil’ intellectual property rights; (ii) any Claim related to, or
   arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or
   unauthorized use; and (iii) any claim for equitable relief. In addition
   to the foregoing, either party may assert an individual action in small
   claims court for Claims that are within the scope of such courts’
   jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration.

   G. Governing Law. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this
   Agreement shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws
   of the United States of America and the law of the State of California,
   without regard to conflict of law principles. The application of the
   United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
   Goods is expressly excluded. Other laws may apply if you choose to
   access the Game from outside of the United States. In such an event,
   those local laws shall affect this Agreement only to the extent
   necessary in that jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be interpreted
   to give maximum effect to the terms and conditions in this Agreement.
   You are responsible for compliance with all local laws if and to the
   extent local laws are applicable. The New Zealand Consumer Guarantees
   Act of 1993 (the “Act”) may apply to the Game if you access the Game
   from, and are a resident of, New Zealand. Notwithstanding anything to
   the contrary in this Agreement, if the Act applies then you may have
   other rights or remedies as set out in the Act which may apply in
   addition to or instead of those set out in this Agreement.

   H. Severability. You and Super Evil agree that if any portion this
   Section XV is found illegal or unenforceable (except any portion of
   Section XV.F), that portion shall be severed and the remainder of the
   Section shall be given full force and effect. If Section XV.F is found
   to be illegal or unenforceable then neither you nor Super Evil will
   elect to arbitrate any Claim falling within that portion of Section
   XV.F found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Claim shall be
   exclusively decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within Los
   Angeles, State of California, United States of America, and you and
   Super Evil agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.

XVI. TERMINATION

   This Agreement (and all subsequent modifications, if any) shall remain
   effective until terminated. Both you and Super Evil may terminate this
   Agreement at any time for any reason or for no reason. Termination by
   Super Evil will be effective upon notice to you, termination or
   deletion of your Account, or its decision to permanently discontinue
   offering and/or supporting the Game, which it may do at any time in its
   sole discretion. You may terminate this Agreement at any time simply by
   not using the Site or the Game. If, however, you wish to terminate your
   Account, you must affirmatively do so by notifying Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com as stated above. Upon termination of this
   Agreement, your right to use the Properties shall immediately cease.

XVII. MISCELLANEOUS

   A. Assignment. Super Evil may assign this Agreement, in whole or in
   part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent.
   You may not assign the Agreement without Super Evil’s prior written
   consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be null and void.

   B. Customer Contact. If you have any questions concerning these terms
   and conditions, or if you would like to contact Super Evil for any
   other reason, please contact Super Evil support at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com, or visit the “support” tab on the Site.

   C. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the complete agreement
   between you and Super Evil concerning the Site, the Game, and the
   subject matter of the Agreement, and supersedes any prior or
   contemporaneous agreements between you and Super Evil.

   D. Force Majeure. Super Evil shall not be liable for any delay or
   failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control
   of Super Evil, including, without limitation, any failure to perform
   hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Super Evil’s
   control such as acts of god, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of
   civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or
   shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or
   materials.

   E. Location. The Site and the Game are operated by Super Evil in the
   United States. Those who choose to access the Site and/or the Game from
   locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and
   are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The Software
   is subject to United States export controls.

   F. No Partnership. You agree that no joint venture, partnership,
   employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Super Evil as
   a result of this Agreement or your use of the Site or the Game.

   G. No Waiver. Super Evil’s failure to enforce any provision of this
   Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver
   of such provision, nor in any way affect the right of any party to
   enforce each and every such provision thereafter. The express waiver by
   Super Evil of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement
   shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with
   such provision, condition or requirement.

   H. Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices
   given by you or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and
   addressed to: Super Evil Mega Corp at 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA
   94401.

   I. Reform and Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held
   to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be
   reformed to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum
   extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the
   remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
   If, however, it is determined that such provision cannot be reformed,
   then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and
   shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
   provisions.

   J. Section Headings. The section headings used herein are for
   convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
   Agreement or have any other legal effect.

   K. Survival. The provisions of Sections IV, VI.A, IX, XI-XV, and XVII
   shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

   YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING
   TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT SELECTING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON
   BELOW AND/OR YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE PROPERTIES IS AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF
   YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
   AGREEMENT.

Privacy Policy

   Vainglory

Privacy Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

   I. INTRODUCTION

   Super Evil Mega Corp, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (“Super Evil”) is
   committed to respecting the privacy rights of the customers, visitors,
   and other users of Super Evil’s free-to-play computer game, Vainglory
   (the “Game”) and its related websites, including
   http://www.vainglorygame.com, and http://www.superevilmegacorp.com
   (collectively, the “Site”) and our mobile application. We created this
   Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you, the user, confidence as you
   visit and use the Site or the Game, and to demonstrate our commitment
   to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. By
   visiting the Site or using the Game, you consent to our collection,
   use, storage, deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as
   set forth in this Policy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site
   and the Game, and not to any other third-party websites that you may be
   able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection
   and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.

   If you have questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you should
   first contact privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   II. GENERAL INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

   A. General Disclosure

   For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, the data
   controller of your personal data is Super Evil Megacorp Inc. of 119 S B
   St, Ste A, San Mateo, CA, 94001, USA. Our EU Representative can be
   contacted by mailing them at one of the following addresses. Please
   make sure to address your letters to the DPR Group and not Super Evil
   Megacorp.
   Country Address
   Austria DPR Group, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020,
   Austria
   Belgium DPR Group, Place de L’Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals
   Brabant, 1348, Belgium
   Bulgaria DPR Group, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria
   Croatia DPR Group, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32,
   Zagreb, 10000, Croatia
   Cyprus DPR Group, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue,
   Limassol, 3030, Cyprus
   Czech Republic DPR Group, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91,
   Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, Czech Republic
   Denmark DPR Group, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark
   Estonia DPR Group, 2^nd Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia
   Finland DPR Group, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki,
   00100, Finland
   France DPR Group, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
   Germany DPR Group, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067,
   Germany
   Greece DPR Group, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece
   Hungary DPR Group, EMKE Building, Rákóczi Út 42, Budapest, 1072,
   Hungary
   Ireland DPR Group, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY,
   Republic of Ireland
   Italy DPR Group, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073 , Turin, Italy
   Latvia DPR Group, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011,
   Latvia
   Lithuania DPR Group, Vilniaus g.31, Vilnius, LT- 01402, Lithuania
   Luxembourg DPR Group, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre,
   Luxembourg
   Malta DPR Group, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street,
   Swatar, BKR4013, Malta
   Netherlands DPR Group, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081
   CN, Netherlands
   Poland DPR Group, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403,
   Poland
   Portugal DPR Group, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor,
   Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, Portugal
   Romania DPR Group, World Trade Centre, Piata Montreal no 10, Entrance
   F, 1st Floor, Sector 1, Bucharest, 11469, Romania
   Slovakia DPR Group, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D
   Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
   Slovenia DPR Group, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000,
   Slovenia
   Spain DPR Group, Puerta de las Naciones, Ribera del Loira 46, Madrid,
   28042, Spain
   Sweden DPR Group, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE – 211 46,
   Sweden
   United Kingdom DPR Group, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London,
   United Kingdom


   Subject to the next paragraph, we ask that you not send us, and you do
   not disclose, any sensitive personal data (e.g., social security
   numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political
   opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic
   characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or
   through the Site or Game or otherwise to us.

   If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us when you
   submit user-generated content to the Site or Game, you consent to our
   processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with
   this policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such
   sensitive personal data, you must not submit such user generated
   content to the Site or the Game.

   B. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield

   Super Evil participates in and has certified its compliance with the
   EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Super Evil is committed to subjecting
   all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries,
   in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s
   applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield
   Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

   Super Evil is responsible for the processing of personal data it
   receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently
   transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Super Evil
   complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of
   personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability
   provisions.

   With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the
   Privacy Shield Framework, Super Evil is subject to the regulatory
   enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements.

   In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Super Evil commits to
   resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal
   information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our
   Privacy Shield policy should first contact Super Evil at:

   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com

   Super Evil has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
   complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located
   in the US. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
   complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your
   satisfaction, please contact or visit
   https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to
   file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

   Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome, you may invoke binding
   arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been
   exhausted.

   III. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE PRACTICES

   A. What Basic Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   We typically collect personal information that you provide to us on a
   voluntary basis, and you may visit areas on the Site without choosing
   to do so. However, in order to use certain parts of the Site and/or
   log-on to play the Game, you will be required to create an account by
   providing us your email address and selecting a unique username and
   password (an “Account”). In the course of maintaining your Account, you
   might also be asked to participate in online surveys about the Game, or
   in other Game-related promotional contests, participation in which is
   entirely voluntary. You might also desire to contact our customer
   support team via the “Support” tab found on the Site. In participating
   in such promotional activities or in contacting customer support, you
   might be requested to provide additional information beyond your email
   address, including your name, full address and phone number. In
   operating the Site or otherwise offering the Game, we might also
   request other information from you, including hardware specs, software
   performance metrics, game experience, and other demographic information
   that might be associated with your personal information, such as your
   gender, hobbies, occupation, platform preferences, and other game
   ownership information.

   When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect
   information on the type of operating system, device you use.

   We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you
   about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer
   wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at
   the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will
   need to collect certain information about your device such as operating
   system and user identification information.

   We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the
   functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may
   record information such as how often you use the application, the
   events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance
   data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the
   information we store within the analytics software to any personally
   identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.

   Please note that in utilizing certain areas of the Site (e.g.
   purchasing merchandise) or the Game (e.g. purchasing in-game currency),
   you will be requested to provide additional information in order to
   complete a purchase, such as your name, full address, phone number,
   internet protocol address (for fraud tracking purposes) and Our
   shopping cart is hosted by our e-commerce solutions provider. They host
   our ordering system, and collect your billing information directly from
   you for the purpose of processing your order. This company does not use
   this information for any other purpose. Please see Section V below
   regarding how third parties working on behalf of Super Evil use your
   personal information.

   In the event that you choose to create an Account and play the Game, we
   also collect certain information regarding your in-Game performance
   and/or interactions with other users (e.g., wins / losses, recent
   heroes played, average number of kills / deaths etc.). These statistics
   are associated with your in-Game name and are publicly accessible by
   members of the Super Evil community. In addition, we may share your
   in-Game statistics with third parties in accordance with the terms and
   conditions set forth in this Policy. To be clear, no personal
   information about you, such as your email address, IP address, or other
   sensitive information, will be shared as a part of this process.

   B. What Additional Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   (1) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’
   domain names and internet protocol (IP) addresses (the number assigned
   to computers on the Internet). In addition, your web browser or Game
   software may transmit to Super Evil certain geographic information or
   other information regarding your computer, including its capabilities,
   hardware specs and game data processing. No personal information about
   you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous
   “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be
   helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.

   (2) COOKIES. The Site or Game uses Analytics and Performance Cookies.
   These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to the
   Site. The information gathered does not identify any individual
   visitor. The information is aggregated and anonymous. It includes the
   number of visitors to the Site, the websites that referred them to the
   Site, the pages they visited on the Site, what time of day they visited
   the Site, whether they have visited the Site before, and other similar
   information. We use this information to help operate the Site more
   efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the
   level of activity on the Site.

   We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. It is
   only used to improve how the Site works. You can find out more
   information about Google Analytics cookies here:
   https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCo
   okies.

   You can find out more about how Google protects your data here:
   https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.

   You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of the
   Site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via
   this link:
   http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.

   We use the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook, Inc. This
   tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected
   to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are
   thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for
   statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remains
   anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any
   individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by
   Facebook. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook
   account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in
   accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under:
   https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.

   Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to
   show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. In addition, a
   cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.

   Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. If you are
   younger than this age, please consult your legal guardians.

   Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission:
   https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.

   Super Evil also works with Unity Ads and Iron Source to serve ads
   within the game. If you wish to limit behaviorally targeted
   advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device
   settings. Please note that opt-outs are specific to each browser and
   device and it may take a little bit of time before your opt-out will
   take effect.

   Ad networks can use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking
   technologies to collect or receive data about you and might claim
   controller rights over your personal data. For more information about
   their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities, please review their
   privacy policy:
   Unity Ads – https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

   Iron Source –
   https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-
   privacy-policy

   C. Why do we need your personal data?

   We will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable
   data protection and privacy laws. We need certain personal data in
   order to provide you with access to the Site or Game. If you created a
   profile, you will have been asked to check a tick box indicating your
   agreement to provide this data in order to play the Game. This consent
   provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to
   process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at
   any time. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data in line
   with this policy, please do not use the Site or Game.

   D. What Does Super Evil Do With Collected Information?

   (1) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not share your personal information
   with any third parties without your consent, except as necessary to
   provide you with the services offered by us, to comply with the law or
   as otherwise described in this Policy. We may use your personal
   information to verify your identity or to check your qualifications, to
   inform you of any changes to the Site or Game, or to send you
   additional information about Super Evil. We may also use your
   information to contact you should we believe that you are in violation
   of the Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”). If you do not want us
   to share your personal information with these companies, you may
   contact us at: privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   (2) COMPELLED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose
   personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith
   belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with requirements of
   the law or comply with legal process served on Super Evil (b) protect
   and defend the rights or property of Super Evil or the users of the
   Site or Game, or (c) act under unusual, extraordinary or emergency
   circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site
   or Game.

   (3) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our
   business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies
   or assets, including the information collected through the Site or
   otherwise collected in connection with the Game. If Super Evil or
   substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information and
   personal information will be one of the assets transferred to the
   acquirer. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to
   notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site.

   (4) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. At any time you may request access to the
   information that we have from you, or request that we remove all
   information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance
   with Section VII.A below.

   (5) Your data, including personal data that we collect from you, may be
   transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and
   other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including,
   but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy
   regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other
   parts of the world. By using the Site or Game, you agree to this
   transfer, storing or processing. As noted in Section II of this Privacy
   Policy we are a participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and we will
   take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
   securely and in accordance with this policy.

   (6) We will only retain your personal data until you request to close
   your account unless a longer retention period is required or permitted
   by law (for example, for regulatory purposes).

   (7) We do not use your personal data for the purposes of automated
   decision-making. However, we may do so in order to fulfil obligations
   imposed by law, in which case we will inform you of any such processing
   and provide you with an opportunity to object.

   E. Notice Concerning Children

   PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of
   our content specifically at children under 16 years of age. The Site
   and the Game are not intended for children under the age of 16. We
   understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of
   children’s privacy online, and as such do not knowingly collect any
   personal information from any user under age 16. If we learn or have
   reason to suspect that a Site or Game user is under age 16, we will
   promptly delete any personal information in that user’s Account.

   IV. SECURITY

   The Site and the Game have security measures in place to help protect
   against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we
   obtain from you. We store your personal information on our servers,
   which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and
   protected by protocols and procedures designed to protect the security
   of such information. In addition, we restrict access to personal
   information to Super Evil employees, independent contractors and agents
   who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and
   maintain the Site and the Game. However, no server, computer or
   communications network or system, or data transmission over the
   Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we
   strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the
   security of any information you transmit to us through the use of the
   Game or the Site and we make no assurances about our ability to prevent
   any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party. You acknowledge
   and agree that you provide such information and engage in such
   transmissions at your own risk.

   When you enter information, we encrypt the transmission of that
   information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you have any
   questions about the security of your personal information, you can
   contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   V. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND OUR CONTROL

   A. Third Party Websites

   The Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit other
   websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content
   of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the
   privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and
   agree with their policies.

   B. Opt-Out Preferences

   Opt-out. You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing
   communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii)
   our collection of sensitive personal data; (iv) any new processing of
   your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose;
   or (v) the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA. Please note
   that your use of some of the Site or Game may be ineffective upon
   opt-out.

   Access. You may access the data we hold about you at any time by
   contacting us directly.

   Amend. You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in
   your personal data.

   Move. Your data is portable – i.e. you to have the flexibility to move
   your data to other service providers as you wish.

   Erase and forget. In certain situations, for example when the data we
   hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request
   that we erase your data.

   You may contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com or 400 1st Ave, San
   Mateo, CA, 94401, USA anytime for any other questions you may have
   about your personal data and our use of such personal data.

   VI. SERVICE PROVIDERS

   We may share your personal information with service providers that we
   engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your
   behalf, such as to fulfill product orders, collect billing information
   and process payments. While providing services for us, these companies
   may access your personal information.

   To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this
   Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Some of
   the pages within the Site utilize masking techniques to serve content
   to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our
   Site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information
   to these third parties, and are doing so pursuant to the third party’s
   privacy policy.

   VII. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES

   A. Contacting Us

   If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices regarding
   your personal information related to the Site or Game, or if you would
   like to have us remove your information from our database and
   deactivate your Account, please feel contact us at
   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com. Upon request Super Evil will provide you
   with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third
   party, any of your personal information. If your personally
   identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our
   service, you may correct, update or amend it by emailing our Customer
   Support at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com, or by contacting us by postal
   mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your
   request to access within 30 days of receipt of the request. Please note
   that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your
   Account and applicable services.

   B. Updates and Changes

   We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our
   information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify
   you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
   by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming
   effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the
   latest information on our privacy practices.

   BY USING THE SITE AND/OR THE GAME, YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ,
   UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT
   AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR THE GAME.

   C. Additional Policies

   There are additional Super Evil legal policies that govern your use of
   the Site and the Game. Please take time to review and familiarize
   yourself with the Terms of Use.

   Effective Date: June 19, 2019

Open A Ticket

Open A Ticket

   * Required
     __________________________________________________________________

   [contact-form-7 id="4" title="Open A Ticket"]

Download Vainglory App Now

Download Vainglory App Now

   Play for free
   Play for free
   Play for free

   ©2015 Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo
   are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.
   #Vainglory » Feed Vainglory » Comments Feed Vainglory » Search Results
   for “{search_term_string}” Feed

   [tr?id=284452198416460&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Vainglory
   Download Vainglory on Google Play
   Download Vainglory in the App Store
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
   [English__]
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Twitch

     * English
     * /
     * 日本語
     * /
     * 한국어

     * Vainglory Fire
     * Vainglory Twitch
     * Vainglory YouTube
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Vainglory Facebook
     * Vainglory Reddit
     * Vainglory VK
     * Vainglory Twitter

Nothing Found

   Sorry, but nothing matched your search terms. Please try again with
   some different keywords.
   Search for: {search_term_string} Search

   Vainglory

   © Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo are
   trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.

   Privacy Policy | Fan Content Policy | Terms Of Use
   Vainglory

   Top

Terms Of Use Agreement

Terms Of Use Agreement
     __________________________________________________________________

   Last Modified: September 8, 2014

   Vainglory™ (the “Game”) is a free-to-play, session-based, multiplayer
   online battle arena game developed and operated by Super Evil MegaCorp
   (“Super Evil”). For purposes of this Agreement (defined below), “you”
   and “your” mean the user of the platform on which the Game will be or
   has been installed.

   PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT (THIS “TERMS OF USE” OR
   "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW, OR BY
   PARTICIPATING IN THE GAME, OR BY USING THE HTTP://WWW.VAINGLORYGAME.COM
   OR HTTP://FORUMS.VAINGLORYGAME.COM WEBSITES AND RELATED WEBPAGES (THE
   “SITE”), YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN
   CONTRACT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE
   AGREEMENT, CLICK ON THE BUTTON THAT INDICATES THAT YOU DO NOT AGREE TO
   ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT (IF APPLICABLE) AND DO NOT
   PARTICIPATE IN THE GAME OR USE THE SITE.

I. LIMITED USE LICENSE

   The Site and the Game are available for use only by authorized end
   users in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
   Agreement. In addition to this Agreement. The Site, and the Game
   (collectively, the “Properties”) are provided for your individual,
   non-commercial, entertainment purposes only. Except as may be expressly
   permitted by Super Evil, you may not sell, copy, exchange, transfer,
   publish, assign or otherwise distribute anything you copy or derive
   from the Properties.

II. REQUIREMENTS

   In using the Site, and/or by clicking “accept” when you install the
   Software, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree with
   the terms of this Agreement. You are wholly responsible for the cost of
   all internet connection fees, along with all equipment, servicing, or
   repair costs necessary to allow you access to the Game.

III. ACCOUNT INFORMATION

   A. General. While some elements of the Site and the Game may be
   generally accessed by the public, certain aspects of the Site and the
   Game (e.g. posting in the Forums, as defined below) require you to
   create an Account by providing Super Evil with certain personal
   information, specifically, your email address and date of birth. You
   agree that you will supply accurate and complete information to Super
   Evil, and that you will update that information promptly after it
   changes. The information will be used by Super Evil for a variety of
   internal purposes, including without limitation, to maintain the
   Account, to ensure that your Account is unique, to deal with security,
   debugging and technical support issues, and for possible
   payment-related issues. You acknowledge that, if any information
   provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Super
   Evil reserves the right to terminate this Agreement, your Account,
   and/or your use of the Game. Please note that in utilizing certain
   areas of the Site or the Game, you will be requested to provide
   additional information in order to complete a purchase, such as your
   name, full address, credit card information or other payment
   information as appropriate to the selected payment method.

   B. Eligibility. Only “natural persons,” as opposed to any kinds of
   legal entities (e.g., corporations, limited liability companies, and/or
   partnerships), shall have the privilege of establishing an Account. By
   entering into this Agreement and creating an Account, you represent
   that you have the legal capacity to enter into a contract in the
   jurisdiction where you reside. You agree to comply with this Agreement
   on behalf of yourself and, at your discretion, any minor children for
   whom you are the parent or legal guardian and whom you have authorized
   to play the Game using your Account. You further agree that you are
   entirely liable for all activities conducted through your Account, and
   are responsible for ensuring that you and/or your child is aware of,
   understands, and complies with the terms of this Agreement and any and
   all other Super Evil rules, policies, notices and/or agreements.

   THE SITE AND THE GAME ARE NOT DIRECTED AT CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF
   AGE, NOR DOES SUPER EVIL KNOWINGLY COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
   UNDER 13. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONALLY
   IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO SUPER EVIL.

   C. Login Credentials. In creating an Account, you will be required to
   select a unique username and password (collectively, “Login
   Credentials”), which you will use each time you access the Game using
   your Account. You may not share your Account with anyone other than as
   expressly set forth herein, and you are entirely responsible for
   maintaining the confidentiality of your Login Credentials and for any
   and all activities (including purchases and charges, as applicable)
   that are conducted through your Account. Please notify Super Evil
   immediately if you become aware of any breach of security, including
   any loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your Login Credentials.

   D. Account Sales. The Account supplied to you is personal to you, and
   Super Evil does not recognize and expressly forbids the transfer of
   user Accounts. You shall not purchase, sell, gift or trade any Account,
   or make any such offer, and any attempt shall be null and void. Any
   distribution by you of your Account and/or your Login Credentials
   (except as expressly provided herein or otherwise explicitly approved
   of by Super Evil) may result in suspension or termination of your
   Account.

   E. Suspension/Termination.

   1. By Super Evil. SUPER EVIL RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SUSPEND, TERMINATE,
   MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON,
   WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU, AND WITH NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND TO
   YOU. Additionally, Super Evil may stop offering and/or supporting the
   Game at any time. For purposes of explanation and not limitation, most
   Account suspensions, terminations and/or deletions are the result of
   violation of this Agreement. Accounts terminated by Super Evil shall
   not be reinstated under any conditions whatsoever.

   2. By You. You may terminate your Account at any time, for any reason
   or no reason, by contacting Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com.

IV. OWNERSHIP

   A. Intellectual Property. All rights and title in and to the
   Properties, and all content included therein (including, without
   limitation, user Accounts, computer code, titles, objects, artifacts,
   characters, character names, locations, location names, stories, story
   lines, dialog, catch phrases, artwork, graphics, structural or
   landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and
   recordings, audio-visual effects, character likenesses, and methods of
   operation) are owned by Super Evil or its licensors. The Properties,
   and all content therein are protected by United States and other
   international intellectual property laws. Super Evil and its licensors
   reserve all rights in connection with the Properties, including,
   without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works
   therefrom. You agree that you will not create any work of authorship
   based on the Properties except as expressly permitted by Super Evil.
   Additionally, except as otherwise set forth in this Section IV.A, Super
   Evil does not authorize you to make any use whatsoever of any Super
   Evil trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names,
   taglines, and/or trade dress (collectively, the "Super Evil Marks")
   under any circumstances without a written license agreement. Any
   reproduction, redistribution, or modification of the Properties, or use
   of the Properties not in accordance with the this Agreement, is
   expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal
   penalties.

   B. Game Assets, Virtual Items. When using the Game, you may accumulate
   in-Game assets associated with your Account, including, without
   limitation, objects, artifacts, currency, items, equipment, and/or
   other value or status indicators (“Game Assets”) that reside on servers
   operated by Super Evil as data. You acknowledge and agree that such
   Game Assets are accumulated as part of your Account and therefore you
   shall have no ownership or other property interest in any of those Game
   Assets. You further acknowledge and agree that Super Evil has the
   right, but not the obligation, to delete, alter, move, remove, or
   transfer any and all Game Assets, in whole or in part, at any time and
   for any reason, with or without notice to you, and with no liability of
   any kind to you. Super Evil does not provide or guarantee, and
   expressly disclaims any value, cash or otherwise, attributed to any
   data residing on servers operated by Super Evil, including without
   limitation the Game Assets associated with your Account.

   C. Unsolicited Idea Submissions. Super Evil values your feedback on its
   services and products, but please do not submit any creative ideas,
   suggestions or materials. Neither Super Evil nor any of its employees
   and/or contractors accept or consider unsolicited ideas, original
   creative artwork or other works, including, without limitation, ideas
   or suggestions for new or improved games or technologies, game or
   product enhancements, marketing plans or names for new games
   (collectively “Unsolicited Ideas”). Please do not send your Unsolicited
   Ideas to Super Evil or its employees and/or contractors. This policy is
   aimed at avoiding potential misunderstandings or disputes when Super
   Evil’ products or services might seem similar to Unsolicited Ideas that
   are submitted. If you do submit your Unsolicited Ideas to Super Evil or
   to any of its employees and/or contractors despite this policy, then
   you hereby acknowledge and agree that, from the time of transmission or
   dispatch, you grant Super Evil and its designees a worldwide,
   perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, transferable, assignable,
   non-exclusive and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce,
   distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works of,
   publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made,
   sell, offer for sale and import your Unsolicited Ideas, including,
   without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents,
   industrial rights and all other intellectual and proprietary rights
   related thereto, in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any
   purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, including, without
   limitation, giving the Unsolicited Ideas to others, without any
   compensation to you. To the extent necessary, you agree that you
   undertake to execute and deliver any and all documents and perform any
   and all actions necessary or desirable to ensure that the rights to use
   the Unsolicited Ideas granted to Super Evil as specified above are
   valid, effective and enforceable. You also give up any claim that any
   use by Super Evil and/or its licensees of your Unsolicited Ideas
   violates any of your rights, including but not limited to moral rights,
   privacy rights, rights to publicity, proprietary or other rights,
   and/or rights to credit for the material or ideas set for therein.

V. CODE OF CONDUCT

   While using any of the Properties, you agree to comply with all
   applicable laws, rules and regulations. You also agree to comply with
   certain additional rules that govern your use of the Properties (the
   "Code of Conduct"). The Code of Conduct is not meant to be exhaustive,
   and Super Evil reserves the right to modify this Code of Conduct at any
   time, as well as take appropriate disciplinary measures including
   Account termination and deletion to protect the integrity and spirit of
   the Properties, regardless of whether a specific behavior is listed
   here as prohibited. The following are examples of behavior that warrant
   disciplinary measures:

   A. Impersonating any person, business, or entity, including an employee
   of Super Evil, or communicating in any way that makes it appear that
   the communication originates from Super Evil;

   B. Posting identifying information about yourself, or any other user,
   to the Site or within the Game;

   C. Harassing, stalking, or threatening any other users in the Game;

   D. Removing, altering or concealing any copyright, trademark, patent or
   other proprietary rights notices of Super Evil contained in the Site,
   the Game and/or the Software. You also may not transmit content that
   violates or infringes the rights of others, including without
   limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity,
   personal rights or other proprietary or non-proprietary rights;

   E. Transmitting or communicating any content which, in the sole and
   exclusive discretion of Super Evil, is deemed offensive, including, but
   not limited to, language that is unlawful, harmful, threatening,
   abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, or
   racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;

   F. Transmitting or facilitating the transmission of any content that
   contains a virus, corrupted data, trojan horse, bot keystroke logger,
   worm, time bomb, cancelbot or other computer programming routines that
   are intended to and/or actually damage, detrimentally interfere with,
   surreptitiously intercept or mine, scrape or expropriate any system,
   data or personal information;

   G. Spamming chat, whether for personal or commercial purposes, by
   disrupting the flow of conversation with repeated postings of a similar
   nature;

   H. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, "exploits" an undocumented aspect of the Game
   in order to secure an unfair advantage over other users;

   I. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, defrauds any other user of the Game, including,
   but not limited to, by "scamming" or "social engineering;”

   J. Using any unauthorized third party programs, including but not
   limited to "mods," "hacks," "cheats," "scripts," "bots," "trainers,"
   and automation programs, that interact with the Software in any way,
   for any purpose, including, without limitation, any unauthorized third
   party programs that intercept, emulate, or redirect any communication
   between the Software and Super Evil and any unauthorized third party
   programs that collect information about the Game by reading areas of
   memory used by the Software to store information;

   K. Accessing or attempting to access areas of the Game or Game servers
   that have not been made available to the public;

   L. Selecting a name that is falsely indicative of an association with
   Super Evil, contains personally identifying information, infringes on
   the proprietary or non-proprietary rights of third parties, or that is
   offensive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, racially,
   ethnically, or otherwise objectionable. You may not use a misspelling
   or an alternative spelling to circumvent this restriction on name
   choices. Super Evil may modify any name which, in the sole and
   exclusive judgment of Super Evil, violates this provision without
   further notification to you, and may take further disciplinary
   measures, including Account termination, for repeated violations; or

VI. USER CONTENT

   A. Ownership. “Content” means any communications, images, sounds, and
   all the material and information that you upload or transmit through
   the Site or the Game, or that other users upload or transmit,
   including, without limitation, any Forum (defined below) postings.

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that you remain fully responsible for
   and are the owner of any and all Content. However, you grant Super Evil
   from the time of uploading or transmission of the Content through any
   channel, non-exclusively, all now known or hereafter existing
   copyrights and all other intellectual property rights to all Content of
   every kind and nature, in perpetuity (or for the maximum duration of
   protection afforded by applicable law), throughout the universe and you
   hereby grant Super Evil as a present non-exclusive license of future
   rights all such intellectual property rights to the extent owned by
   you. In the event that any of the Content is not licensable, you hereby
   grant to Super Evil and its licensors, including, without limitation,
   its respective successors and assigns, a perpetual, irrevocable,
   sublicensable, transferable, worldwide, paid-up right to reproduce,
   fix, adapt, modify, translate, reformat, transmit, or provide access to
   electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public by
   telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and
   use and practice such Content as well as all modified and derivative
   works thereof, without compensation to you. To the extent necessary,
   you agree that you will undertake to execute and deliver any and all
   documents and perform any and all actions necessary or desirable to
   ensure that the rights to use the Content granted to Super Evil as
   specified above are valid, effective and enforceable. You also hereby
   waive any moral rights you may have in such Content under the laws of
   any jurisdiction to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your
   jurisdiction. You represent, warrant and agree that none of the Content
   will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality,
   attribution or otherwise, on the part of Super Evil and Super Evil will
   not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content. You further
   acknowledge and agree that you shall not upload or otherwise transmit
   on or through the Site or the Game any Content that is subject to any
   third-party rights.

   B. Consent to Monitoring. Super Evil does not, and cannot, pre-screen
   or monitor all Content. However, its representatives may monitor and/or
   record your communications (including, without limitation, Forum
   postings and/or Chat) when you are playing the Game or using the Site,
   and you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and
   recording. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of
   privacy concerning the submission of any Content. Super Evil does not
   assume any responsibility or liability for Content that is generated by
   users of the Site and/or Game. Super Evil has the right but not the
   obligation, in its sole discretion, to edit, refuse to post, or remove
   any Content. Furthermore, Super Evil also reserves the right, at all
   times and in its sole discretion, to disclose any Content for any
   reason, including, without limitation (i) to satisfy any applicable
   law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) to enforce
   the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement; (iii) to protect
   the legal rights and remedies of Super Evil; (iv) where someone’s
   health or safety may be threatened; or (v) to report a crime or other
   offensive behavior. Please take care to not provide any personally
   identifiable information in the Chat or the Forums and to abide by the
   Code of Conduct, understanding that you do not have an expectation of
   privacy in the Content you provide in the Chat or Forums, and that
   members of Super Evil and the Community, outside of those you play
   directly with or against in the Game, might have access to the
   information in the Chat or the Forums at any time.

   C. Forums. If you have a valid and active Account, you may post
   communications and other content to the “forums” section of the Site
   (the “Forums”). You agree to abide by the Code of Conduct, as well as
   the policy concerning Links (found below) while participating in the
   Forums. You understand that much of the information included in the
   Forums is from other players who are not employed by or under the
   control of Super Evil. You further acknowledge that a large volume of
   information is available in the Forums and that people participating in
   such Forums may occasionally post messages or make statements, whether
   intentionally or unintentionally, that are inaccurate, misleading,
   deceptive, abusive or even unlawful. Super Evil neither endorses nor is
   responsible for such messages or statements, or for any opinion,
   advice, information or other utterance made or displayed in the Forums
   by you or the other users. The opinions expressed in the Forums reflect
   solely the opinions of you and/or the other users and may not reflect
   the opinions of Super Evil. Super Evil is not responsible for any
   errors or omissions in postings, for hyperlinks embedded in messages or
   for any results obtained from the use of the information contained in
   the Forums. Under no circumstances will Super Evil be liable for any
   loss or damage caused by your reliance on the information in the Forums
   or your use of the Forums. You should be aware that, when you disclose
   information about yourself in a Forum, the information is being made
   publicly available and may be collected and used by other users. When
   you disclose any information in a Forum, you do so at your own risk.
   Super Evil reserves the right to, but has no obligation to, monitor the
   Forums, or any postings or other materials that you or other players
   transmit or post on the Forums, to alter or remove any such materials,
   and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their
   transmission to any third party in order to operate the Site properly
   or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.

VII. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS

   A. Agreement. Super Evil reserves the right, in its sole and absolute
   discretion, to revise, update, change, modify, add to, supplement, or
   delete certain terms of this Agreement as the Properties evolve;
   provided, however, that material changes to this Agreement will not be
   applied retroactively. Such changes will be effective with or without
   prior notice to you. You can review the most current version of this
   Agreement by clicking on the “Terms of Use” link located at the bottom
   of the Site. You are responsible for checking this Agreement
   periodically for changes. If any future changes to this Agreement are
   unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in agreement or
   compliance with this Agreement, you must terminate this Agreement and
   immediately stop using the Properties. Your continued use of any of the
   Properties following any revision to this Agreement constitutes your
   complete and irrevocable acceptance of any and all such changes. If at
   any time you do not agree with any portion of the then-current version
   of a particular Super Evil policy, including but not limited to this
   Agreement, you must immediately stop using the Properties.

   B. The Properties. In an effort to improve the Properties, you agree
   that Super Evil may change, modify, update, suspend, “nerf,” or
   restrict your access to any features or parts of the Properties,
   including purchased or unlockable content, and may require that you
   download and install updates to the Software, at any time without
   notice or liability to you. You also understand and agree that any such
   changes or updates to the Properties might change the system
   specifications necessary to play the Game, and in such a case, you, and
   not Super Evil, are responsible for purchasing any necessary additional
   software and/or hardware in order to access and play the Game.

VIII. LINKS

   The Site may contain links to websites operated by other parties. Super
   Evil provides these links to you as a convenience, or other users might
   be posting these links as user-provided Content. Use of these links and
   the external websites are at your own risk. The linked sites are not
   under the control of Super Evil, and Super Evil is not responsible for
   the content available on the other sites. Such links do not imply
   endorsement by Super Evil of information or material on any other site,
   and Super Evil disclaims all liability with regard to your access to
   and use of such linked websites.

   Should you choose to provide a link on the Site or within the Game
   (e.g., on the Forums or via Chat) to an external website, unless
   otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and Super Evil,
   you acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) the appearance,
   position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or
   dilute the goodwill associated with Super Evil’ and/or its licensors’
   names and trademarks; (ii) the appearance, position and other
   attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your
   organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated
   with Super Evil; (iii) when selected by a user, the link must display
   the external website on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the
   linking Site; and (iv) Super Evil reserves the right to revoke its
   consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.

IX. FEES

   Some aspects of the Game may require you to pay a fee, and you agree
   that you will provide accurate and complete payment information to the
   third-party payment provider used by Super Evil. You further agree to
   pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an
   Account registered to you. Super Evil may revise the pricing for the
   Game or any item associated therewith at any time. All fees and charges
   are payable in accordance with payment terms in effect at the time the
   fee or the charge becomes due and payable. Super Evil may, from time to
   time, modify, amend, or supplement its fees and fee-billing methods,
   and such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting in this
   Agreement or elsewhere on the Site or in the Game. If there is a
   dispute regarding payment of fees to Super Evil, your Account may be
   closed without warning or notice at the sole discretion of Super Evil.

   YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY APPLICABLE FEES AND OTHER CHARGES
   FOR FEE-BASED SERVICES ARE PAYABLE IN ADVANCE AND NOT REFUNDABLE IN
   WHOLE OR IN PART. YOU ARE FULLY LIABLE FOR ALL CHARGES TO YOUR ACCOUNT,
   INCLUDING ANY UNAUTHORIZED CHARGES.

   X. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (DMCA) If
   you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content
   posted on the Site by a Super Evil user infringes upon your copyright,
   please submit notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
   (17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) to the Super Evil Copyright Agent with the
   following information:

   A. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act
   on behalf of the owner of the copyright;

   B. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
   infringed;

   C. The URL of the location on the Super Evil Site containing the
   material that you claim is infringing;

   D. Your address, telephone number, and email address;

   E. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
   disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
   the law; and

   F. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
   information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
   owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

   Super Evil’s Copyright Agent can be reached by mail at: Super Evil Mega
   Corp, 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, ATTN: Copyright Agent; or by
   email at: support@superevilmegacorp.com. Attachments cannot be accepted
   at the email address for security reasons. Accordingly, any
   notification of infringement submitted electronically with an
   attachment will not be received or processed. Please note that these
   notifications are legal notices, and that Super Evil may provide copies
   of such notices to the participants in the dispute or to third parties,
   at its discretion or as required by law.

XI. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

   THE PROPERTIES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”
   BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUPER EVIL
   DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHICH MIGHT APPLY TO THE
   PROPERTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
   NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
   ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
   PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, AND ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY,
   RELIABILITY OR QUALITY OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN
   THE PROPERTIES. SUPER EVIL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROPERTIES WILL BE
   UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT
   THE PROPERTIES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU
   ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE PROPERTIES TO ACHIEVE YOUR
   INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS
   OBTAINED FROM THE PROPERTIES.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of
   implied warranties, the forgoing disclaimer may, in whole or in part,
   not apply to you.

XII. INDEMNIFICATION

   YOU HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS SUPER EVIL FROM
   AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LAWSUITS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES
   AND COSTS (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) THAT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISE
   OR RESULT FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES, OR ANY VIOLATION
   BY YOU OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. Super Evil reserves
   the right, at its own expense and in its sole and absolute discretion,
   to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise
   subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate
   with Super Evil in asserting any available defenses.

XIII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

   UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL Super
   Evil BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
   (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF
   DATA, LOSS OF GOOD WILL, OR LOST PROFITS), OR ANY DAMAGES FOR GROSS
   NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR WORK
   STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL
   DAMAGES OR LOSSES) ARISING FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES,
   EVEN IF Super Evil KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
   DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL Super Evil BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN
   EXCESS OF ANY AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO Super Evil FOR GAME-RELATED
   TRANSACTIONS, IF ANY, DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO
   THE TIME YOUR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the
   limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in
   such states or jurisdictions, the liability of Super Evil shall be
   limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

XIV. EQUITABLE REMEDIES

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that Super Evil would suffer
   irreparable harm if this Agreement were not specifically enforced.
   Consequently, in addition to such monetary and other relief as may be
   recoverable at law, you agree that Super Evil shall be entitled to
   specific performance or other injunctive relief, without bond, other
   security, or proof of damages, as remedy for any breach or threatened
   breach of this Agreement. Additionally, in the event any legal or
   administrative action or proceeding is brought by either party in
   connection with this Agreement and consistent with Section XV below,
   the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to
   recover from the other party all the costs, attorneys’ fees and other
   expenses incurred by such prevailing party as the result of the action
   or proceeding.

XV. NEGOTIATIONS, BINDING ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW

   A. Negotiations. Disputes can be expensive and time consuming for both
   parties. In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of
   any dispute or claim related to this Agreement (“Claim”), you and Super
   Evil agree to first attempt to informally negotiate any Claim for at
   least thirty (30) days (except those Claims expressly excluded in
   Section XV.F below). Super Evil will send its notice to the address it
   has on file to the extent that you have provided additional contact
   information to Super Evil (e.g. by participating in a promotion or
   survey, or contacting a customer services representative). Otherwise,
   Super Evil will send its notice to the email address associated with
   your Account. You will send your notice to Super Evil Mega Corp 400 1st
   Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, Attn: Legal Department. Please note that
   this informal resolution procedure does not suspend any statutory
   limitation periods applicable to the bringing of a Claim.

   B. Binding Arbitration. If the parties fail to resolve a Claim through
   negotiations, within such thirty (30)-day period, either you or Super
   Evil may elect to have the Claim (except as otherwise provided in
   Section XV.F) finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration
   by sending a written notice requesting arbitration to the other party.
   Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on
   the other. The arbitration will be conducted under the Commercial
   Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”)
   and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer
   Related Disputes (“AAA Consumer Rules”) that are in effect at the time
   the arbitration is initiated and under the terms set forth in this
   Agreement. Both the AAA Rules and the AAA Consumer Rules can be found
   at the AAA website, www.adr.org. In the event of a conflict between the
   terms set forth in this Section XV.B and either the AAA Rules or the
   AAA Consumer Rules, the terms in this Section XV.B will control and
   prevail.

   Except as otherwise set forth in Section XV.F, you may seek any
   remedies available to you under federal, state or local laws in an
   arbitration action. As part of the arbitration, both you and Super Evil
   will have the opportunity for discovery of non-privileged information
   that is relevant to the Claim. The arbitrator will provide a written
   statement of the arbitrator’s decision regarding the Claim, the award
   given and the arbitrator’s findings and conclusions on which the
   arbitrator’s decision is based. The determination of whether a Claim is
   subject to arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act
   and determined by a court rather than an arbitrator. Except as
   otherwise provided in this Agreement, (i) you and Super Evil may
   litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending
   arbitration, or confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award
   entered by the arbitrator; and (ii) the arbitrator’s decision is final,
   binding on all parties and enforceable in any court that has
   jurisdiction, provided that any award may be challenged if the
   arbitrator fails to follow applicable law.

   BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND
   Super Evil ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL.

   C. Arbitration Fees. If we are initiating arbitration for a Claim, we
   will pay all costs charged by the AAA Rules for initiating the
   arbitration. Your share of all other fees and costs of the arbitration,
   including your share of arbitrator compensation, will be charged
   pursuant to the AAA Rules, and where appropriate, limited by the AAA
   Consumer Rules. Where your share of the costs is deemed to be excessive
   by the arbitrator, Super Evil will pay all arbitration fees and
   expenses.

   D. Location. The arbitration will take place in your hometown area if
   you so notify Super Evil in your notice of arbitration or within ten
   (10) days following receipt of Super Evil’ arbitration notice. In the
   absence of a notice to conduct the arbitration in your hometown area,
   the arbitration will be conducted in Los Angeles, California, unless
   the parties agree to video, phone and/or internet connection
   appearances. Any Claim not subject to arbitration (other than claims
   proceeding in any small claims court), or where no election to
   arbitrate has been made, shall be decided exclusively by a court of
   competent jurisdiction in San Mateo, California, United States of
   America, and you and Super Evil agree to submit to the personal
   jurisdiction of that court.

   E. Limitations. You and Super Evil agree that any arbitration shall be
   limited to the Claim between Super Evil and you individually. YOU AND
   Super Evil AGREE THAT (A) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY
   DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS
   ACTION PROCEDURES; (B) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE
   TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR AS A PRIVATE
   ATTORNEY GENERAL; AND (C) NO ARBITRATION SHALL BE JOINED WITH ANY
   OTHER.

   F. Exceptions to Negotiations and Arbitration. You and Super Evil agree
   that the following Claims are not subject to the above provisions
   concerning negotiations and binding arbitration: (i) any Claims seeking
   to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of your or
   Super Evil’ intellectual property rights; (ii) any Claim related to, or
   arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or
   unauthorized use; and (iii) any claim for equitable relief. In addition
   to the foregoing, either party may assert an individual action in small
   claims court for Claims that are within the scope of such courts’
   jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration.

   G. Governing Law. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this
   Agreement shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws
   of the United States of America and the law of the State of California,
   without regard to conflict of law principles. The application of the
   United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
   Goods is expressly excluded. Other laws may apply if you choose to
   access the Game from outside of the United States. In such an event,
   those local laws shall affect this Agreement only to the extent
   necessary in that jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be interpreted
   to give maximum effect to the terms and conditions in this Agreement.
   You are responsible for compliance with all local laws if and to the
   extent local laws are applicable. The New Zealand Consumer Guarantees
   Act of 1993 (the “Act”) may apply to the Game if you access the Game
   from, and are a resident of, New Zealand. Notwithstanding anything to
   the contrary in this Agreement, if the Act applies then you may have
   other rights or remedies as set out in the Act which may apply in
   addition to or instead of those set out in this Agreement.

   H. Severability. You and Super Evil agree that if any portion this
   Section XV is found illegal or unenforceable (except any portion of
   Section XV.F), that portion shall be severed and the remainder of the
   Section shall be given full force and effect. If Section XV.F is found
   to be illegal or unenforceable then neither you nor Super Evil will
   elect to arbitrate any Claim falling within that portion of Section
   XV.F found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Claim shall be
   exclusively decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within Los
   Angeles, State of California, United States of America, and you and
   Super Evil agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.

XVI. TERMINATION

   This Agreement (and all subsequent modifications, if any) shall remain
   effective until terminated. Both you and Super Evil may terminate this
   Agreement at any time for any reason or for no reason. Termination by
   Super Evil will be effective upon notice to you, termination or
   deletion of your Account, or its decision to permanently discontinue
   offering and/or supporting the Game, which it may do at any time in its
   sole discretion. You may terminate this Agreement at any time simply by
   not using the Site or the Game. If, however, you wish to terminate your
   Account, you must affirmatively do so by notifying Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com as stated above. Upon termination of this
   Agreement, your right to use the Properties shall immediately cease.

XVII. MISCELLANEOUS

   A. Assignment. Super Evil may assign this Agreement, in whole or in
   part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent.
   You may not assign the Agreement without Super Evil’s prior written
   consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be null and void.

   B. Customer Contact. If you have any questions concerning these terms
   and conditions, or if you would like to contact Super Evil for any
   other reason, please contact Super Evil support at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com, or visit the “support” tab on the Site.

   C. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the complete agreement
   between you and Super Evil concerning the Site, the Game, and the
   subject matter of the Agreement, and supersedes any prior or
   contemporaneous agreements between you and Super Evil.

   D. Force Majeure. Super Evil shall not be liable for any delay or
   failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control
   of Super Evil, including, without limitation, any failure to perform
   hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Super Evil’s
   control such as acts of god, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of
   civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or
   shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or
   materials.

   E. Location. The Site and the Game are operated by Super Evil in the
   United States. Those who choose to access the Site and/or the Game from
   locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and
   are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The Software
   is subject to United States export controls.

   F. No Partnership. You agree that no joint venture, partnership,
   employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Super Evil as
   a result of this Agreement or your use of the Site or the Game.

   G. No Waiver. Super Evil’s failure to enforce any provision of this
   Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver
   of such provision, nor in any way affect the right of any party to
   enforce each and every such provision thereafter. The express waiver by
   Super Evil of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement
   shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with
   such provision, condition or requirement.

   H. Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices
   given by you or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and
   addressed to: Super Evil Mega Corp at 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA
   94401.

   I. Reform and Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held
   to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be
   reformed to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum
   extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the
   remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
   If, however, it is determined that such provision cannot be reformed,
   then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and
   shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
   provisions.

   J. Section Headings. The section headings used herein are for
   convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
   Agreement or have any other legal effect.

   K. Survival. The provisions of Sections IV, VI.A, IX, XI-XV, and XVII
   shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

   YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING
   TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT SELECTING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON
   BELOW AND/OR YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE PROPERTIES IS AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF
   YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
   AGREEMENT.

Privacy Policy

   Vainglory

Privacy Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

   I. INTRODUCTION

   Super Evil Mega Corp, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (“Super Evil”) is
   committed to respecting the privacy rights of the customers, visitors,
   and other users of Super Evil’s free-to-play computer game, Vainglory
   (the “Game”) and its related websites, including
   http://www.vainglorygame.com, and http://www.superevilmegacorp.com
   (collectively, the “Site”) and our mobile application. We created this
   Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you, the user, confidence as you
   visit and use the Site or the Game, and to demonstrate our commitment
   to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. By
   visiting the Site or using the Game, you consent to our collection,
   use, storage, deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as
   set forth in this Policy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site
   and the Game, and not to any other third-party websites that you may be
   able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection
   and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.

   If you have questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you should
   first contact privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   II. GENERAL INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

   A. General Disclosure

   For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, the data
   controller of your personal data is Super Evil Megacorp Inc. of 119 S B
   St, Ste A, San Mateo, CA, 94001, USA. Our EU Representative can be
   contacted by mailing them at one of the following addresses. Please
   make sure to address your letters to the DPR Group and not Super Evil
   Megacorp.
   Country Address
   Austria DPR Group, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020,
   Austria
   Belgium DPR Group, Place de L’Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals
   Brabant, 1348, Belgium
   Bulgaria DPR Group, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria
   Croatia DPR Group, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32,
   Zagreb, 10000, Croatia
   Cyprus DPR Group, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue,
   Limassol, 3030, Cyprus
   Czech Republic DPR Group, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91,
   Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, Czech Republic
   Denmark DPR Group, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark
   Estonia DPR Group, 2^nd Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia
   Finland DPR Group, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki,
   00100, Finland
   France DPR Group, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
   Germany DPR Group, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067,
   Germany
   Greece DPR Group, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece
   Hungary DPR Group, EMKE Building, Rákóczi Út 42, Budapest, 1072,
   Hungary
   Ireland DPR Group, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY,
   Republic of Ireland
   Italy DPR Group, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073 , Turin, Italy
   Latvia DPR Group, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011,
   Latvia
   Lithuania DPR Group, Vilniaus g.31, Vilnius, LT- 01402, Lithuania
   Luxembourg DPR Group, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre,
   Luxembourg
   Malta DPR Group, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street,
   Swatar, BKR4013, Malta
   Netherlands DPR Group, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081
   CN, Netherlands
   Poland DPR Group, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403,
   Poland
   Portugal DPR Group, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor,
   Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, Portugal
   Romania DPR Group, World Trade Centre, Piata Montreal no 10, Entrance
   F, 1st Floor, Sector 1, Bucharest, 11469, Romania
   Slovakia DPR Group, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D
   Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
   Slovenia DPR Group, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000,
   Slovenia
   Spain DPR Group, Puerta de las Naciones, Ribera del Loira 46, Madrid,
   28042, Spain
   Sweden DPR Group, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE – 211 46,
   Sweden
   United Kingdom DPR Group, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London,
   United Kingdom


   Subject to the next paragraph, we ask that you not send us, and you do
   not disclose, any sensitive personal data (e.g., social security
   numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political
   opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic
   characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or
   through the Site or Game or otherwise to us.

   If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us when you
   submit user-generated content to the Site or Game, you consent to our
   processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with
   this policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such
   sensitive personal data, you must not submit such user generated
   content to the Site or the Game.

   B. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield

   Super Evil participates in and has certified its compliance with the
   EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Super Evil is committed to subjecting
   all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries,
   in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s
   applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield
   Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

   Super Evil is responsible for the processing of personal data it
   receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently
   transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Super Evil
   complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of
   personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability
   provisions.

   With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the
   Privacy Shield Framework, Super Evil is subject to the regulatory
   enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements.

   In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Super Evil commits to
   resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal
   information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our
   Privacy Shield policy should first contact Super Evil at:

   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com

   Super Evil has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
   complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located
   in the US. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
   complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your
   satisfaction, please contact or visit
   https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to
   file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

   Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome, you may invoke binding
   arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been
   exhausted.

   III. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE PRACTICES

   A. What Basic Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   We typically collect personal information that you provide to us on a
   voluntary basis, and you may visit areas on the Site without choosing
   to do so. However, in order to use certain parts of the Site and/or
   log-on to play the Game, you will be required to create an account by
   providing us your email address and selecting a unique username and
   password (an “Account”). In the course of maintaining your Account, you
   might also be asked to participate in online surveys about the Game, or
   in other Game-related promotional contests, participation in which is
   entirely voluntary. You might also desire to contact our customer
   support team via the “Support” tab found on the Site. In participating
   in such promotional activities or in contacting customer support, you
   might be requested to provide additional information beyond your email
   address, including your name, full address and phone number. In
   operating the Site or otherwise offering the Game, we might also
   request other information from you, including hardware specs, software
   performance metrics, game experience, and other demographic information
   that might be associated with your personal information, such as your
   gender, hobbies, occupation, platform preferences, and other game
   ownership information.

   When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect
   information on the type of operating system, device you use.

   We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you
   about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer
   wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at
   the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will
   need to collect certain information about your device such as operating
   system and user identification information.

   We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the
   functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may
   record information such as how often you use the application, the
   events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance
   data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the
   information we store within the analytics software to any personally
   identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.

   Please note that in utilizing certain areas of the Site (e.g.
   purchasing merchandise) or the Game (e.g. purchasing in-game currency),
   you will be requested to provide additional information in order to
   complete a purchase, such as your name, full address, phone number,
   internet protocol address (for fraud tracking purposes) and Our
   shopping cart is hosted by our e-commerce solutions provider. They host
   our ordering system, and collect your billing information directly from
   you for the purpose of processing your order. This company does not use
   this information for any other purpose. Please see Section V below
   regarding how third parties working on behalf of Super Evil use your
   personal information.

   In the event that you choose to create an Account and play the Game, we
   also collect certain information regarding your in-Game performance
   and/or interactions with other users (e.g., wins / losses, recent
   heroes played, average number of kills / deaths etc.). These statistics
   are associated with your in-Game name and are publicly accessible by
   members of the Super Evil community. In addition, we may share your
   in-Game statistics with third parties in accordance with the terms and
   conditions set forth in this Policy. To be clear, no personal
   information about you, such as your email address, IP address, or other
   sensitive information, will be shared as a part of this process.

   B. What Additional Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   (1) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’
   domain names and internet protocol (IP) addresses (the number assigned
   to computers on the Internet). In addition, your web browser or Game
   software may transmit to Super Evil certain geographic information or
   other information regarding your computer, including its capabilities,
   hardware specs and game data processing. No personal information about
   you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous
   “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be
   helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.

   (2) COOKIES. The Site or Game uses Analytics and Performance Cookies.
   These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to the
   Site. The information gathered does not identify any individual
   visitor. The information is aggregated and anonymous. It includes the
   number of visitors to the Site, the websites that referred them to the
   Site, the pages they visited on the Site, what time of day they visited
   the Site, whether they have visited the Site before, and other similar
   information. We use this information to help operate the Site more
   efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the
   level of activity on the Site.

   We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. It is
   only used to improve how the Site works. You can find out more
   information about Google Analytics cookies here:
   https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCo
   okies.

   You can find out more about how Google protects your data here:
   https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.

   You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of the
   Site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via
   this link:
   http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.

   We use the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook, Inc. This
   tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected
   to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are
   thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for
   statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remains
   anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any
   individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by
   Facebook. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook
   account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in
   accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under:
   https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.

   Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to
   show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. In addition, a
   cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.

   Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. If you are
   younger than this age, please consult your legal guardians.

   Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission:
   https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.

   Super Evil also works with Unity Ads and Iron Source to serve ads
   within the game. If you wish to limit behaviorally targeted
   advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device
   settings. Please note that opt-outs are specific to each browser and
   device and it may take a little bit of time before your opt-out will
   take effect.

   Ad networks can use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking
   technologies to collect or receive data about you and might claim
   controller rights over your personal data. For more information about
   their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities, please review their
   privacy policy:
   Unity Ads – https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

   Iron Source –
   https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-
   privacy-policy

   C. Why do we need your personal data?

   We will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable
   data protection and privacy laws. We need certain personal data in
   order to provide you with access to the Site or Game. If you created a
   profile, you will have been asked to check a tick box indicating your
   agreement to provide this data in order to play the Game. This consent
   provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to
   process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at
   any time. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data in line
   with this policy, please do not use the Site or Game.

   D. What Does Super Evil Do With Collected Information?

   (1) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not share your personal information
   with any third parties without your consent, except as necessary to
   provide you with the services offered by us, to comply with the law or
   as otherwise described in this Policy. We may use your personal
   information to verify your identity or to check your qualifications, to
   inform you of any changes to the Site or Game, or to send you
   additional information about Super Evil. We may also use your
   information to contact you should we believe that you are in violation
   of the Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”). If you do not want us
   to share your personal information with these companies, you may
   contact us at: privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   (2) COMPELLED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose
   personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith
   belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with requirements of
   the law or comply with legal process served on Super Evil (b) protect
   and defend the rights or property of Super Evil or the users of the
   Site or Game, or (c) act under unusual, extraordinary or emergency
   circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site
   or Game.

   (3) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our
   business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies
   or assets, including the information collected through the Site or
   otherwise collected in connection with the Game. If Super Evil or
   substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information and
   personal information will be one of the assets transferred to the
   acquirer. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to
   notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site.

   (4) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. At any time you may request access to the
   information that we have from you, or request that we remove all
   information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance
   with Section VII.A below.

   (5) Your data, including personal data that we collect from you, may be
   transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and
   other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including,
   but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy
   regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other
   parts of the world. By using the Site or Game, you agree to this
   transfer, storing or processing. As noted in Section II of this Privacy
   Policy we are a participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and we will
   take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
   securely and in accordance with this policy.

   (6) We will only retain your personal data until you request to close
   your account unless a longer retention period is required or permitted
   by law (for example, for regulatory purposes).

   (7) We do not use your personal data for the purposes of automated
   decision-making. However, we may do so in order to fulfil obligations
   imposed by law, in which case we will inform you of any such processing
   and provide you with an opportunity to object.

   E. Notice Concerning Children

   PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of
   our content specifically at children under 16 years of age. The Site
   and the Game are not intended for children under the age of 16. We
   understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of
   children’s privacy online, and as such do not knowingly collect any
   personal information from any user under age 16. If we learn or have
   reason to suspect that a Site or Game user is under age 16, we will
   promptly delete any personal information in that user’s Account.

   IV. SECURITY

   The Site and the Game have security measures in place to help protect
   against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we
   obtain from you. We store your personal information on our servers,
   which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and
   protected by protocols and procedures designed to protect the security
   of such information. In addition, we restrict access to personal
   information to Super Evil employees, independent contractors and agents
   who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and
   maintain the Site and the Game. However, no server, computer or
   communications network or system, or data transmission over the
   Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we
   strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the
   security of any information you transmit to us through the use of the
   Game or the Site and we make no assurances about our ability to prevent
   any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party. You acknowledge
   and agree that you provide such information and engage in such
   transmissions at your own risk.

   When you enter information, we encrypt the transmission of that
   information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you have any
   questions about the security of your personal information, you can
   contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   V. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND OUR CONTROL

   A. Third Party Websites

   The Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit other
   websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content
   of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the
   privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and
   agree with their policies.

   B. Opt-Out Preferences

   Opt-out. You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing
   communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii)
   our collection of sensitive personal data; (iv) any new processing of
   your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose;
   or (v) the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA. Please note
   that your use of some of the Site or Game may be ineffective upon
   opt-out.

   Access. You may access the data we hold about you at any time by
   contacting us directly.

   Amend. You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in
   your personal data.

   Move. Your data is portable – i.e. you to have the flexibility to move
   your data to other service providers as you wish.

   Erase and forget. In certain situations, for example when the data we
   hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request
   that we erase your data.

   You may contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com or 400 1st Ave, San
   Mateo, CA, 94401, USA anytime for any other questions you may have
   about your personal data and our use of such personal data.

   VI. SERVICE PROVIDERS

   We may share your personal information with service providers that we
   engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your
   behalf, such as to fulfill product orders, collect billing information
   and process payments. While providing services for us, these companies
   may access your personal information.

   To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this
   Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Some of
   the pages within the Site utilize masking techniques to serve content
   to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our
   Site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information
   to these third parties, and are doing so pursuant to the third party’s
   privacy policy.

   VII. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES

   A. Contacting Us

   If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices regarding
   your personal information related to the Site or Game, or if you would
   like to have us remove your information from our database and
   deactivate your Account, please feel contact us at
   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com. Upon request Super Evil will provide you
   with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third
   party, any of your personal information. If your personally
   identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our
   service, you may correct, update or amend it by emailing our Customer
   Support at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com, or by contacting us by postal
   mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your
   request to access within 30 days of receipt of the request. Please note
   that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your
   Account and applicable services.

   B. Updates and Changes

   We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our
   information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify
   you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
   by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming
   effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the
   latest information on our privacy practices.

   BY USING THE SITE AND/OR THE GAME, YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ,
   UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT
   AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR THE GAME.

   C. Additional Policies

   There are additional Super Evil legal policies that govern your use of
   the Site and the Game. Please take time to review and familiarize
   yourself with the Terms of Use.

   Effective Date: June 19, 2019

Open A Ticket

Open A Ticket

   * Required
     __________________________________________________________________

   [contact-form-7 id="4" title="Open A Ticket"]

Download Vainglory App Now

Download Vainglory App Now

   Play for free
   Play for free
   Play for free

   ©2015 Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo
   are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.
   #Vainglory » Feed Vainglory » Comments Feed Vainglory » Search Results
   for “{search_term_string}” Feed

   [tr?id=284452198416460&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Vainglory
   Download Vainglory on Google Play
   Download Vainglory in the App Store
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
   [English__]
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Twitch

     * English
     * /
     * 日本語
     * /
     * 한국어

     * Vainglory Fire
     * Vainglory Twitch
     * Vainglory YouTube
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Vainglory Facebook
     * Vainglory Reddit
     * Vainglory VK
     * Vainglory Twitter

Nothing Found

   Sorry, but nothing matched your search terms. Please try again with
   some different keywords.
   Search for: {search_term_string} Search

   Vainglory

   © Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo are
   trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.

   Privacy Policy | Fan Content Policy | Terms Of Use
   Vainglory

   Top

Terms Of Use Agreement

Terms Of Use Agreement
     __________________________________________________________________

   Last Modified: September 8, 2014

   Vainglory™ (the “Game”) is a free-to-play, session-based, multiplayer
   online battle arena game developed and operated by Super Evil MegaCorp
   (“Super Evil”). For purposes of this Agreement (defined below), “you”
   and “your” mean the user of the platform on which the Game will be or
   has been installed.

   PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT (THIS “TERMS OF USE” OR
   "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW, OR BY
   PARTICIPATING IN THE GAME, OR BY USING THE HTTP://WWW.VAINGLORYGAME.COM
   OR HTTP://FORUMS.VAINGLORYGAME.COM WEBSITES AND RELATED WEBPAGES (THE
   “SITE”), YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN
   CONTRACT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE
   AGREEMENT, CLICK ON THE BUTTON THAT INDICATES THAT YOU DO NOT AGREE TO
   ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT (IF APPLICABLE) AND DO NOT
   PARTICIPATE IN THE GAME OR USE THE SITE.

I. LIMITED USE LICENSE

   The Site and the Game are available for use only by authorized end
   users in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
   Agreement. In addition to this Agreement. The Site, and the Game
   (collectively, the “Properties”) are provided for your individual,
   non-commercial, entertainment purposes only. Except as may be expressly
   permitted by Super Evil, you may not sell, copy, exchange, transfer,
   publish, assign or otherwise distribute anything you copy or derive
   from the Properties.

II. REQUIREMENTS

   In using the Site, and/or by clicking “accept” when you install the
   Software, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree with
   the terms of this Agreement. You are wholly responsible for the cost of
   all internet connection fees, along with all equipment, servicing, or
   repair costs necessary to allow you access to the Game.

III. ACCOUNT INFORMATION

   A. General. While some elements of the Site and the Game may be
   generally accessed by the public, certain aspects of the Site and the
   Game (e.g. posting in the Forums, as defined below) require you to
   create an Account by providing Super Evil with certain personal
   information, specifically, your email address and date of birth. You
   agree that you will supply accurate and complete information to Super
   Evil, and that you will update that information promptly after it
   changes. The information will be used by Super Evil for a variety of
   internal purposes, including without limitation, to maintain the
   Account, to ensure that your Account is unique, to deal with security,
   debugging and technical support issues, and for possible
   payment-related issues. You acknowledge that, if any information
   provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Super
   Evil reserves the right to terminate this Agreement, your Account,
   and/or your use of the Game. Please note that in utilizing certain
   areas of the Site or the Game, you will be requested to provide
   additional information in order to complete a purchase, such as your
   name, full address, credit card information or other payment
   information as appropriate to the selected payment method.

   B. Eligibility. Only “natural persons,” as opposed to any kinds of
   legal entities (e.g., corporations, limited liability companies, and/or
   partnerships), shall have the privilege of establishing an Account. By
   entering into this Agreement and creating an Account, you represent
   that you have the legal capacity to enter into a contract in the
   jurisdiction where you reside. You agree to comply with this Agreement
   on behalf of yourself and, at your discretion, any minor children for
   whom you are the parent or legal guardian and whom you have authorized
   to play the Game using your Account. You further agree that you are
   entirely liable for all activities conducted through your Account, and
   are responsible for ensuring that you and/or your child is aware of,
   understands, and complies with the terms of this Agreement and any and
   all other Super Evil rules, policies, notices and/or agreements.

   THE SITE AND THE GAME ARE NOT DIRECTED AT CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF
   AGE, NOR DOES SUPER EVIL KNOWINGLY COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
   UNDER 13. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONALLY
   IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO SUPER EVIL.

   C. Login Credentials. In creating an Account, you will be required to
   select a unique username and password (collectively, “Login
   Credentials”), which you will use each time you access the Game using
   your Account. You may not share your Account with anyone other than as
   expressly set forth herein, and you are entirely responsible for
   maintaining the confidentiality of your Login Credentials and for any
   and all activities (including purchases and charges, as applicable)
   that are conducted through your Account. Please notify Super Evil
   immediately if you become aware of any breach of security, including
   any loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your Login Credentials.

   D. Account Sales. The Account supplied to you is personal to you, and
   Super Evil does not recognize and expressly forbids the transfer of
   user Accounts. You shall not purchase, sell, gift or trade any Account,
   or make any such offer, and any attempt shall be null and void. Any
   distribution by you of your Account and/or your Login Credentials
   (except as expressly provided herein or otherwise explicitly approved
   of by Super Evil) may result in suspension or termination of your
   Account.

   E. Suspension/Termination.

   1. By Super Evil. SUPER EVIL RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SUSPEND, TERMINATE,
   MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON,
   WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU, AND WITH NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND TO
   YOU. Additionally, Super Evil may stop offering and/or supporting the
   Game at any time. For purposes of explanation and not limitation, most
   Account suspensions, terminations and/or deletions are the result of
   violation of this Agreement. Accounts terminated by Super Evil shall
   not be reinstated under any conditions whatsoever.

   2. By You. You may terminate your Account at any time, for any reason
   or no reason, by contacting Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com.

IV. OWNERSHIP

   A. Intellectual Property. All rights and title in and to the
   Properties, and all content included therein (including, without
   limitation, user Accounts, computer code, titles, objects, artifacts,
   characters, character names, locations, location names, stories, story
   lines, dialog, catch phrases, artwork, graphics, structural or
   landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and
   recordings, audio-visual effects, character likenesses, and methods of
   operation) are owned by Super Evil or its licensors. The Properties,
   and all content therein are protected by United States and other
   international intellectual property laws. Super Evil and its licensors
   reserve all rights in connection with the Properties, including,
   without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works
   therefrom. You agree that you will not create any work of authorship
   based on the Properties except as expressly permitted by Super Evil.
   Additionally, except as otherwise set forth in this Section IV.A, Super
   Evil does not authorize you to make any use whatsoever of any Super
   Evil trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names,
   taglines, and/or trade dress (collectively, the "Super Evil Marks")
   under any circumstances without a written license agreement. Any
   reproduction, redistribution, or modification of the Properties, or use
   of the Properties not in accordance with the this Agreement, is
   expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal
   penalties.

   B. Game Assets, Virtual Items. When using the Game, you may accumulate
   in-Game assets associated with your Account, including, without
   limitation, objects, artifacts, currency, items, equipment, and/or
   other value or status indicators (“Game Assets”) that reside on servers
   operated by Super Evil as data. You acknowledge and agree that such
   Game Assets are accumulated as part of your Account and therefore you
   shall have no ownership or other property interest in any of those Game
   Assets. You further acknowledge and agree that Super Evil has the
   right, but not the obligation, to delete, alter, move, remove, or
   transfer any and all Game Assets, in whole or in part, at any time and
   for any reason, with or without notice to you, and with no liability of
   any kind to you. Super Evil does not provide or guarantee, and
   expressly disclaims any value, cash or otherwise, attributed to any
   data residing on servers operated by Super Evil, including without
   limitation the Game Assets associated with your Account.

   C. Unsolicited Idea Submissions. Super Evil values your feedback on its
   services and products, but please do not submit any creative ideas,
   suggestions or materials. Neither Super Evil nor any of its employees
   and/or contractors accept or consider unsolicited ideas, original
   creative artwork or other works, including, without limitation, ideas
   or suggestions for new or improved games or technologies, game or
   product enhancements, marketing plans or names for new games
   (collectively “Unsolicited Ideas”). Please do not send your Unsolicited
   Ideas to Super Evil or its employees and/or contractors. This policy is
   aimed at avoiding potential misunderstandings or disputes when Super
   Evil’ products or services might seem similar to Unsolicited Ideas that
   are submitted. If you do submit your Unsolicited Ideas to Super Evil or
   to any of its employees and/or contractors despite this policy, then
   you hereby acknowledge and agree that, from the time of transmission or
   dispatch, you grant Super Evil and its designees a worldwide,
   perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, transferable, assignable,
   non-exclusive and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce,
   distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works of,
   publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made,
   sell, offer for sale and import your Unsolicited Ideas, including,
   without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents,
   industrial rights and all other intellectual and proprietary rights
   related thereto, in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any
   purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, including, without
   limitation, giving the Unsolicited Ideas to others, without any
   compensation to you. To the extent necessary, you agree that you
   undertake to execute and deliver any and all documents and perform any
   and all actions necessary or desirable to ensure that the rights to use
   the Unsolicited Ideas granted to Super Evil as specified above are
   valid, effective and enforceable. You also give up any claim that any
   use by Super Evil and/or its licensees of your Unsolicited Ideas
   violates any of your rights, including but not limited to moral rights,
   privacy rights, rights to publicity, proprietary or other rights,
   and/or rights to credit for the material or ideas set for therein.

V. CODE OF CONDUCT

   While using any of the Properties, you agree to comply with all
   applicable laws, rules and regulations. You also agree to comply with
   certain additional rules that govern your use of the Properties (the
   "Code of Conduct"). The Code of Conduct is not meant to be exhaustive,
   and Super Evil reserves the right to modify this Code of Conduct at any
   time, as well as take appropriate disciplinary measures including
   Account termination and deletion to protect the integrity and spirit of
   the Properties, regardless of whether a specific behavior is listed
   here as prohibited. The following are examples of behavior that warrant
   disciplinary measures:

   A. Impersonating any person, business, or entity, including an employee
   of Super Evil, or communicating in any way that makes it appear that
   the communication originates from Super Evil;

   B. Posting identifying information about yourself, or any other user,
   to the Site or within the Game;

   C. Harassing, stalking, or threatening any other users in the Game;

   D. Removing, altering or concealing any copyright, trademark, patent or
   other proprietary rights notices of Super Evil contained in the Site,
   the Game and/or the Software. You also may not transmit content that
   violates or infringes the rights of others, including without
   limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity,
   personal rights or other proprietary or non-proprietary rights;

   E. Transmitting or communicating any content which, in the sole and
   exclusive discretion of Super Evil, is deemed offensive, including, but
   not limited to, language that is unlawful, harmful, threatening,
   abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, or
   racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;

   F. Transmitting or facilitating the transmission of any content that
   contains a virus, corrupted data, trojan horse, bot keystroke logger,
   worm, time bomb, cancelbot or other computer programming routines that
   are intended to and/or actually damage, detrimentally interfere with,
   surreptitiously intercept or mine, scrape or expropriate any system,
   data or personal information;

   G. Spamming chat, whether for personal or commercial purposes, by
   disrupting the flow of conversation with repeated postings of a similar
   nature;

   H. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, "exploits" an undocumented aspect of the Game
   in order to secure an unfair advantage over other users;

   I. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, defrauds any other user of the Game, including,
   but not limited to, by "scamming" or "social engineering;”

   J. Using any unauthorized third party programs, including but not
   limited to "mods," "hacks," "cheats," "scripts," "bots," "trainers,"
   and automation programs, that interact with the Software in any way,
   for any purpose, including, without limitation, any unauthorized third
   party programs that intercept, emulate, or redirect any communication
   between the Software and Super Evil and any unauthorized third party
   programs that collect information about the Game by reading areas of
   memory used by the Software to store information;

   K. Accessing or attempting to access areas of the Game or Game servers
   that have not been made available to the public;

   L. Selecting a name that is falsely indicative of an association with
   Super Evil, contains personally identifying information, infringes on
   the proprietary or non-proprietary rights of third parties, or that is
   offensive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, racially,
   ethnically, or otherwise objectionable. You may not use a misspelling
   or an alternative spelling to circumvent this restriction on name
   choices. Super Evil may modify any name which, in the sole and
   exclusive judgment of Super Evil, violates this provision without
   further notification to you, and may take further disciplinary
   measures, including Account termination, for repeated violations; or

VI. USER CONTENT

   A. Ownership. “Content” means any communications, images, sounds, and
   all the material and information that you upload or transmit through
   the Site or the Game, or that other users upload or transmit,
   including, without limitation, any Forum (defined below) postings.

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that you remain fully responsible for
   and are the owner of any and all Content. However, you grant Super Evil
   from the time of uploading or transmission of the Content through any
   channel, non-exclusively, all now known or hereafter existing
   copyrights and all other intellectual property rights to all Content of
   every kind and nature, in perpetuity (or for the maximum duration of
   protection afforded by applicable law), throughout the universe and you
   hereby grant Super Evil as a present non-exclusive license of future
   rights all such intellectual property rights to the extent owned by
   you. In the event that any of the Content is not licensable, you hereby
   grant to Super Evil and its licensors, including, without limitation,
   its respective successors and assigns, a perpetual, irrevocable,
   sublicensable, transferable, worldwide, paid-up right to reproduce,
   fix, adapt, modify, translate, reformat, transmit, or provide access to
   electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public by
   telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and
   use and practice such Content as well as all modified and derivative
   works thereof, without compensation to you. To the extent necessary,
   you agree that you will undertake to execute and deliver any and all
   documents and perform any and all actions necessary or desirable to
   ensure that the rights to use the Content granted to Super Evil as
   specified above are valid, effective and enforceable. You also hereby
   waive any moral rights you may have in such Content under the laws of
   any jurisdiction to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your
   jurisdiction. You represent, warrant and agree that none of the Content
   will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality,
   attribution or otherwise, on the part of Super Evil and Super Evil will
   not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content. You further
   acknowledge and agree that you shall not upload or otherwise transmit
   on or through the Site or the Game any Content that is subject to any
   third-party rights.

   B. Consent to Monitoring. Super Evil does not, and cannot, pre-screen
   or monitor all Content. However, its representatives may monitor and/or
   record your communications (including, without limitation, Forum
   postings and/or Chat) when you are playing the Game or using the Site,
   and you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and
   recording. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of
   privacy concerning the submission of any Content. Super Evil does not
   assume any responsibility or liability for Content that is generated by
   users of the Site and/or Game. Super Evil has the right but not the
   obligation, in its sole discretion, to edit, refuse to post, or remove
   any Content. Furthermore, Super Evil also reserves the right, at all
   times and in its sole discretion, to disclose any Content for any
   reason, including, without limitation (i) to satisfy any applicable
   law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) to enforce
   the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement; (iii) to protect
   the legal rights and remedies of Super Evil; (iv) where someone’s
   health or safety may be threatened; or (v) to report a crime or other
   offensive behavior. Please take care to not provide any personally
   identifiable information in the Chat or the Forums and to abide by the
   Code of Conduct, understanding that you do not have an expectation of
   privacy in the Content you provide in the Chat or Forums, and that
   members of Super Evil and the Community, outside of those you play
   directly with or against in the Game, might have access to the
   information in the Chat or the Forums at any time.

   C. Forums. If you have a valid and active Account, you may post
   communications and other content to the “forums” section of the Site
   (the “Forums”). You agree to abide by the Code of Conduct, as well as
   the policy concerning Links (found below) while participating in the
   Forums. You understand that much of the information included in the
   Forums is from other players who are not employed by or under the
   control of Super Evil. You further acknowledge that a large volume of
   information is available in the Forums and that people participating in
   such Forums may occasionally post messages or make statements, whether
   intentionally or unintentionally, that are inaccurate, misleading,
   deceptive, abusive or even unlawful. Super Evil neither endorses nor is
   responsible for such messages or statements, or for any opinion,
   advice, information or other utterance made or displayed in the Forums
   by you or the other users. The opinions expressed in the Forums reflect
   solely the opinions of you and/or the other users and may not reflect
   the opinions of Super Evil. Super Evil is not responsible for any
   errors or omissions in postings, for hyperlinks embedded in messages or
   for any results obtained from the use of the information contained in
   the Forums. Under no circumstances will Super Evil be liable for any
   loss or damage caused by your reliance on the information in the Forums
   or your use of the Forums. You should be aware that, when you disclose
   information about yourself in a Forum, the information is being made
   publicly available and may be collected and used by other users. When
   you disclose any information in a Forum, you do so at your own risk.
   Super Evil reserves the right to, but has no obligation to, monitor the
   Forums, or any postings or other materials that you or other players
   transmit or post on the Forums, to alter or remove any such materials,
   and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their
   transmission to any third party in order to operate the Site properly
   or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.

VII. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS

   A. Agreement. Super Evil reserves the right, in its sole and absolute
   discretion, to revise, update, change, modify, add to, supplement, or
   delete certain terms of this Agreement as the Properties evolve;
   provided, however, that material changes to this Agreement will not be
   applied retroactively. Such changes will be effective with or without
   prior notice to you. You can review the most current version of this
   Agreement by clicking on the “Terms of Use” link located at the bottom
   of the Site. You are responsible for checking this Agreement
   periodically for changes. If any future changes to this Agreement are
   unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in agreement or
   compliance with this Agreement, you must terminate this Agreement and
   immediately stop using the Properties. Your continued use of any of the
   Properties following any revision to this Agreement constitutes your
   complete and irrevocable acceptance of any and all such changes. If at
   any time you do not agree with any portion of the then-current version
   of a particular Super Evil policy, including but not limited to this
   Agreement, you must immediately stop using the Properties.

   B. The Properties. In an effort to improve the Properties, you agree
   that Super Evil may change, modify, update, suspend, “nerf,” or
   restrict your access to any features or parts of the Properties,
   including purchased or unlockable content, and may require that you
   download and install updates to the Software, at any time without
   notice or liability to you. You also understand and agree that any such
   changes or updates to the Properties might change the system
   specifications necessary to play the Game, and in such a case, you, and
   not Super Evil, are responsible for purchasing any necessary additional
   software and/or hardware in order to access and play the Game.

VIII. LINKS

   The Site may contain links to websites operated by other parties. Super
   Evil provides these links to you as a convenience, or other users might
   be posting these links as user-provided Content. Use of these links and
   the external websites are at your own risk. The linked sites are not
   under the control of Super Evil, and Super Evil is not responsible for
   the content available on the other sites. Such links do not imply
   endorsement by Super Evil of information or material on any other site,
   and Super Evil disclaims all liability with regard to your access to
   and use of such linked websites.

   Should you choose to provide a link on the Site or within the Game
   (e.g., on the Forums or via Chat) to an external website, unless
   otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and Super Evil,
   you acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) the appearance,
   position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or
   dilute the goodwill associated with Super Evil’ and/or its licensors’
   names and trademarks; (ii) the appearance, position and other
   attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your
   organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated
   with Super Evil; (iii) when selected by a user, the link must display
   the external website on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the
   linking Site; and (iv) Super Evil reserves the right to revoke its
   consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.

IX. FEES

   Some aspects of the Game may require you to pay a fee, and you agree
   that you will provide accurate and complete payment information to the
   third-party payment provider used by Super Evil. You further agree to
   pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an
   Account registered to you. Super Evil may revise the pricing for the
   Game or any item associated therewith at any time. All fees and charges
   are payable in accordance with payment terms in effect at the time the
   fee or the charge becomes due and payable. Super Evil may, from time to
   time, modify, amend, or supplement its fees and fee-billing methods,
   and such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting in this
   Agreement or elsewhere on the Site or in the Game. If there is a
   dispute regarding payment of fees to Super Evil, your Account may be
   closed without warning or notice at the sole discretion of Super Evil.

   YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY APPLICABLE FEES AND OTHER CHARGES
   FOR FEE-BASED SERVICES ARE PAYABLE IN ADVANCE AND NOT REFUNDABLE IN
   WHOLE OR IN PART. YOU ARE FULLY LIABLE FOR ALL CHARGES TO YOUR ACCOUNT,
   INCLUDING ANY UNAUTHORIZED CHARGES.

   X. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (DMCA) If
   you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content
   posted on the Site by a Super Evil user infringes upon your copyright,
   please submit notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
   (17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) to the Super Evil Copyright Agent with the
   following information:

   A. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act
   on behalf of the owner of the copyright;

   B. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
   infringed;

   C. The URL of the location on the Super Evil Site containing the
   material that you claim is infringing;

   D. Your address, telephone number, and email address;

   E. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
   disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
   the law; and

   F. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
   information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
   owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

   Super Evil’s Copyright Agent can be reached by mail at: Super Evil Mega
   Corp, 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, ATTN: Copyright Agent; or by
   email at: support@superevilmegacorp.com. Attachments cannot be accepted
   at the email address for security reasons. Accordingly, any
   notification of infringement submitted electronically with an
   attachment will not be received or processed. Please note that these
   notifications are legal notices, and that Super Evil may provide copies
   of such notices to the participants in the dispute or to third parties,
   at its discretion or as required by law.

XI. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

   THE PROPERTIES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”
   BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUPER EVIL
   DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHICH MIGHT APPLY TO THE
   PROPERTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
   NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
   ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
   PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, AND ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY,
   RELIABILITY OR QUALITY OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN
   THE PROPERTIES. SUPER EVIL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROPERTIES WILL BE
   UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT
   THE PROPERTIES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU
   ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE PROPERTIES TO ACHIEVE YOUR
   INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS
   OBTAINED FROM THE PROPERTIES.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of
   implied warranties, the forgoing disclaimer may, in whole or in part,
   not apply to you.

XII. INDEMNIFICATION

   YOU HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS SUPER EVIL FROM
   AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LAWSUITS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES
   AND COSTS (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) THAT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISE
   OR RESULT FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES, OR ANY VIOLATION
   BY YOU OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. Super Evil reserves
   the right, at its own expense and in its sole and absolute discretion,
   to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise
   subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate
   with Super Evil in asserting any available defenses.

XIII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

   UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL Super
   Evil BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
   (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF
   DATA, LOSS OF GOOD WILL, OR LOST PROFITS), OR ANY DAMAGES FOR GROSS
   NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR WORK
   STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL
   DAMAGES OR LOSSES) ARISING FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES,
   EVEN IF Super Evil KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
   DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL Super Evil BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN
   EXCESS OF ANY AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO Super Evil FOR GAME-RELATED
   TRANSACTIONS, IF ANY, DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO
   THE TIME YOUR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the
   limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in
   such states or jurisdictions, the liability of Super Evil shall be
   limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

XIV. EQUITABLE REMEDIES

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that Super Evil would suffer
   irreparable harm if this Agreement were not specifically enforced.
   Consequently, in addition to such monetary and other relief as may be
   recoverable at law, you agree that Super Evil shall be entitled to
   specific performance or other injunctive relief, without bond, other
   security, or proof of damages, as remedy for any breach or threatened
   breach of this Agreement. Additionally, in the event any legal or
   administrative action or proceeding is brought by either party in
   connection with this Agreement and consistent with Section XV below,
   the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to
   recover from the other party all the costs, attorneys’ fees and other
   expenses incurred by such prevailing party as the result of the action
   or proceeding.

XV. NEGOTIATIONS, BINDING ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW

   A. Negotiations. Disputes can be expensive and time consuming for both
   parties. In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of
   any dispute or claim related to this Agreement (“Claim”), you and Super
   Evil agree to first attempt to informally negotiate any Claim for at
   least thirty (30) days (except those Claims expressly excluded in
   Section XV.F below). Super Evil will send its notice to the address it
   has on file to the extent that you have provided additional contact
   information to Super Evil (e.g. by participating in a promotion or
   survey, or contacting a customer services representative). Otherwise,
   Super Evil will send its notice to the email address associated with
   your Account. You will send your notice to Super Evil Mega Corp 400 1st
   Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, Attn: Legal Department. Please note that
   this informal resolution procedure does not suspend any statutory
   limitation periods applicable to the bringing of a Claim.

   B. Binding Arbitration. If the parties fail to resolve a Claim through
   negotiations, within such thirty (30)-day period, either you or Super
   Evil may elect to have the Claim (except as otherwise provided in
   Section XV.F) finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration
   by sending a written notice requesting arbitration to the other party.
   Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on
   the other. The arbitration will be conducted under the Commercial
   Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”)
   and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer
   Related Disputes (“AAA Consumer Rules”) that are in effect at the time
   the arbitration is initiated and under the terms set forth in this
   Agreement. Both the AAA Rules and the AAA Consumer Rules can be found
   at the AAA website, www.adr.org. In the event of a conflict between the
   terms set forth in this Section XV.B and either the AAA Rules or the
   AAA Consumer Rules, the terms in this Section XV.B will control and
   prevail.

   Except as otherwise set forth in Section XV.F, you may seek any
   remedies available to you under federal, state or local laws in an
   arbitration action. As part of the arbitration, both you and Super Evil
   will have the opportunity for discovery of non-privileged information
   that is relevant to the Claim. The arbitrator will provide a written
   statement of the arbitrator’s decision regarding the Claim, the award
   given and the arbitrator’s findings and conclusions on which the
   arbitrator’s decision is based. The determination of whether a Claim is
   subject to arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act
   and determined by a court rather than an arbitrator. Except as
   otherwise provided in this Agreement, (i) you and Super Evil may
   litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending
   arbitration, or confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award
   entered by the arbitrator; and (ii) the arbitrator’s decision is final,
   binding on all parties and enforceable in any court that has
   jurisdiction, provided that any award may be challenged if the
   arbitrator fails to follow applicable law.

   BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND
   Super Evil ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL.

   C. Arbitration Fees. If we are initiating arbitration for a Claim, we
   will pay all costs charged by the AAA Rules for initiating the
   arbitration. Your share of all other fees and costs of the arbitration,
   including your share of arbitrator compensation, will be charged
   pursuant to the AAA Rules, and where appropriate, limited by the AAA
   Consumer Rules. Where your share of the costs is deemed to be excessive
   by the arbitrator, Super Evil will pay all arbitration fees and
   expenses.

   D. Location. The arbitration will take place in your hometown area if
   you so notify Super Evil in your notice of arbitration or within ten
   (10) days following receipt of Super Evil’ arbitration notice. In the
   absence of a notice to conduct the arbitration in your hometown area,
   the arbitration will be conducted in Los Angeles, California, unless
   the parties agree to video, phone and/or internet connection
   appearances. Any Claim not subject to arbitration (other than claims
   proceeding in any small claims court), or where no election to
   arbitrate has been made, shall be decided exclusively by a court of
   competent jurisdiction in San Mateo, California, United States of
   America, and you and Super Evil agree to submit to the personal
   jurisdiction of that court.

   E. Limitations. You and Super Evil agree that any arbitration shall be
   limited to the Claim between Super Evil and you individually. YOU AND
   Super Evil AGREE THAT (A) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY
   DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS
   ACTION PROCEDURES; (B) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE
   TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR AS A PRIVATE
   ATTORNEY GENERAL; AND (C) NO ARBITRATION SHALL BE JOINED WITH ANY
   OTHER.

   F. Exceptions to Negotiations and Arbitration. You and Super Evil agree
   that the following Claims are not subject to the above provisions
   concerning negotiations and binding arbitration: (i) any Claims seeking
   to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of your or
   Super Evil’ intellectual property rights; (ii) any Claim related to, or
   arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or
   unauthorized use; and (iii) any claim for equitable relief. In addition
   to the foregoing, either party may assert an individual action in small
   claims court for Claims that are within the scope of such courts’
   jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration.

   G. Governing Law. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this
   Agreement shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws
   of the United States of America and the law of the State of California,
   without regard to conflict of law principles. The application of the
   United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
   Goods is expressly excluded. Other laws may apply if you choose to
   access the Game from outside of the United States. In such an event,
   those local laws shall affect this Agreement only to the extent
   necessary in that jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be interpreted
   to give maximum effect to the terms and conditions in this Agreement.
   You are responsible for compliance with all local laws if and to the
   extent local laws are applicable. The New Zealand Consumer Guarantees
   Act of 1993 (the “Act”) may apply to the Game if you access the Game
   from, and are a resident of, New Zealand. Notwithstanding anything to
   the contrary in this Agreement, if the Act applies then you may have
   other rights or remedies as set out in the Act which may apply in
   addition to or instead of those set out in this Agreement.

   H. Severability. You and Super Evil agree that if any portion this
   Section XV is found illegal or unenforceable (except any portion of
   Section XV.F), that portion shall be severed and the remainder of the
   Section shall be given full force and effect. If Section XV.F is found
   to be illegal or unenforceable then neither you nor Super Evil will
   elect to arbitrate any Claim falling within that portion of Section
   XV.F found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Claim shall be
   exclusively decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within Los
   Angeles, State of California, United States of America, and you and
   Super Evil agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.

XVI. TERMINATION

   This Agreement (and all subsequent modifications, if any) shall remain
   effective until terminated. Both you and Super Evil may terminate this
   Agreement at any time for any reason or for no reason. Termination by
   Super Evil will be effective upon notice to you, termination or
   deletion of your Account, or its decision to permanently discontinue
   offering and/or supporting the Game, which it may do at any time in its
   sole discretion. You may terminate this Agreement at any time simply by
   not using the Site or the Game. If, however, you wish to terminate your
   Account, you must affirmatively do so by notifying Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com as stated above. Upon termination of this
   Agreement, your right to use the Properties shall immediately cease.

XVII. MISCELLANEOUS

   A. Assignment. Super Evil may assign this Agreement, in whole or in
   part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent.
   You may not assign the Agreement without Super Evil’s prior written
   consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be null and void.

   B. Customer Contact. If you have any questions concerning these terms
   and conditions, or if you would like to contact Super Evil for any
   other reason, please contact Super Evil support at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com, or visit the “support” tab on the Site.

   C. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the complete agreement
   between you and Super Evil concerning the Site, the Game, and the
   subject matter of the Agreement, and supersedes any prior or
   contemporaneous agreements between you and Super Evil.

   D. Force Majeure. Super Evil shall not be liable for any delay or
   failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control
   of Super Evil, including, without limitation, any failure to perform
   hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Super Evil’s
   control such as acts of god, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of
   civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or
   shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or
   materials.

   E. Location. The Site and the Game are operated by Super Evil in the
   United States. Those who choose to access the Site and/or the Game from
   locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and
   are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The Software
   is subject to United States export controls.

   F. No Partnership. You agree that no joint venture, partnership,
   employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Super Evil as
   a result of this Agreement or your use of the Site or the Game.

   G. No Waiver. Super Evil’s failure to enforce any provision of this
   Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver
   of such provision, nor in any way affect the right of any party to
   enforce each and every such provision thereafter. The express waiver by
   Super Evil of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement
   shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with
   such provision, condition or requirement.

   H. Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices
   given by you or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and
   addressed to: Super Evil Mega Corp at 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA
   94401.

   I. Reform and Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held
   to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be
   reformed to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum
   extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the
   remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
   If, however, it is determined that such provision cannot be reformed,
   then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and
   shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
   provisions.

   J. Section Headings. The section headings used herein are for
   convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
   Agreement or have any other legal effect.

   K. Survival. The provisions of Sections IV, VI.A, IX, XI-XV, and XVII
   shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

   YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING
   TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT SELECTING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON
   BELOW AND/OR YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE PROPERTIES IS AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF
   YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
   AGREEMENT.

Privacy Policy

   Vainglory

Privacy Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

   I. INTRODUCTION

   Super Evil Mega Corp, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (“Super Evil”) is
   committed to respecting the privacy rights of the customers, visitors,
   and other users of Super Evil’s free-to-play computer game, Vainglory
   (the “Game”) and its related websites, including
   http://www.vainglorygame.com, and http://www.superevilmegacorp.com
   (collectively, the “Site”) and our mobile application. We created this
   Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you, the user, confidence as you
   visit and use the Site or the Game, and to demonstrate our commitment
   to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. By
   visiting the Site or using the Game, you consent to our collection,
   use, storage, deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as
   set forth in this Policy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site
   and the Game, and not to any other third-party websites that you may be
   able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection
   and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.

   If you have questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you should
   first contact privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   II. GENERAL INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

   A. General Disclosure

   For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, the data
   controller of your personal data is Super Evil Megacorp Inc. of 119 S B
   St, Ste A, San Mateo, CA, 94001, USA. Our EU Representative can be
   contacted by mailing them at one of the following addresses. Please
   make sure to address your letters to the DPR Group and not Super Evil
   Megacorp.
   Country Address
   Austria DPR Group, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020,
   Austria
   Belgium DPR Group, Place de L’Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals
   Brabant, 1348, Belgium
   Bulgaria DPR Group, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria
   Croatia DPR Group, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32,
   Zagreb, 10000, Croatia
   Cyprus DPR Group, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue,
   Limassol, 3030, Cyprus
   Czech Republic DPR Group, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91,
   Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, Czech Republic
   Denmark DPR Group, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark
   Estonia DPR Group, 2^nd Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia
   Finland DPR Group, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki,
   00100, Finland
   France DPR Group, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
   Germany DPR Group, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067,
   Germany
   Greece DPR Group, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece
   Hungary DPR Group, EMKE Building, Rákóczi Út 42, Budapest, 1072,
   Hungary
   Ireland DPR Group, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY,
   Republic of Ireland
   Italy DPR Group, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073 , Turin, Italy
   Latvia DPR Group, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011,
   Latvia
   Lithuania DPR Group, Vilniaus g.31, Vilnius, LT- 01402, Lithuania
   Luxembourg DPR Group, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre,
   Luxembourg
   Malta DPR Group, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street,
   Swatar, BKR4013, Malta
   Netherlands DPR Group, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081
   CN, Netherlands
   Poland DPR Group, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403,
   Poland
   Portugal DPR Group, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor,
   Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, Portugal
   Romania DPR Group, World Trade Centre, Piata Montreal no 10, Entrance
   F, 1st Floor, Sector 1, Bucharest, 11469, Romania
   Slovakia DPR Group, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D
   Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
   Slovenia DPR Group, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000,
   Slovenia
   Spain DPR Group, Puerta de las Naciones, Ribera del Loira 46, Madrid,
   28042, Spain
   Sweden DPR Group, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE – 211 46,
   Sweden
   United Kingdom DPR Group, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London,
   United Kingdom


   Subject to the next paragraph, we ask that you not send us, and you do
   not disclose, any sensitive personal data (e.g., social security
   numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political
   opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic
   characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or
   through the Site or Game or otherwise to us.

   If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us when you
   submit user-generated content to the Site or Game, you consent to our
   processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with
   this policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such
   sensitive personal data, you must not submit such user generated
   content to the Site or the Game.

   B. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield

   Super Evil participates in and has certified its compliance with the
   EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Super Evil is committed to subjecting
   all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries,
   in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s
   applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield
   Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

   Super Evil is responsible for the processing of personal data it
   receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently
   transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Super Evil
   complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of
   personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability
   provisions.

   With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the
   Privacy Shield Framework, Super Evil is subject to the regulatory
   enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements.

   In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Super Evil commits to
   resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal
   information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our
   Privacy Shield policy should first contact Super Evil at:

   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com

   Super Evil has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
   complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located
   in the US. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
   complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your
   satisfaction, please contact or visit
   https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to
   file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

   Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome, you may invoke binding
   arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been
   exhausted.

   III. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE PRACTICES

   A. What Basic Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   We typically collect personal information that you provide to us on a
   voluntary basis, and you may visit areas on the Site without choosing
   to do so. However, in order to use certain parts of the Site and/or
   log-on to play the Game, you will be required to create an account by
   providing us your email address and selecting a unique username and
   password (an “Account”). In the course of maintaining your Account, you
   might also be asked to participate in online surveys about the Game, or
   in other Game-related promotional contests, participation in which is
   entirely voluntary. You might also desire to contact our customer
   support team via the “Support” tab found on the Site. In participating
   in such promotional activities or in contacting customer support, you
   might be requested to provide additional information beyond your email
   address, including your name, full address and phone number. In
   operating the Site or otherwise offering the Game, we might also
   request other information from you, including hardware specs, software
   performance metrics, game experience, and other demographic information
   that might be associated with your personal information, such as your
   gender, hobbies, occupation, platform preferences, and other game
   ownership information.

   When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect
   information on the type of operating system, device you use.

   We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you
   about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer
   wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at
   the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will
   need to collect certain information about your device such as operating
   system and user identification information.

   We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the
   functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may
   record information such as how often you use the application, the
   events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance
   data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the
   information we store within the analytics software to any personally
   identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.

   Please note that in utilizing certain areas of the Site (e.g.
   purchasing merchandise) or the Game (e.g. purchasing in-game currency),
   you will be requested to provide additional information in order to
   complete a purchase, such as your name, full address, phone number,
   internet protocol address (for fraud tracking purposes) and Our
   shopping cart is hosted by our e-commerce solutions provider. They host
   our ordering system, and collect your billing information directly from
   you for the purpose of processing your order. This company does not use
   this information for any other purpose. Please see Section V below
   regarding how third parties working on behalf of Super Evil use your
   personal information.

   In the event that you choose to create an Account and play the Game, we
   also collect certain information regarding your in-Game performance
   and/or interactions with other users (e.g., wins / losses, recent
   heroes played, average number of kills / deaths etc.). These statistics
   are associated with your in-Game name and are publicly accessible by
   members of the Super Evil community. In addition, we may share your
   in-Game statistics with third parties in accordance with the terms and
   conditions set forth in this Policy. To be clear, no personal
   information about you, such as your email address, IP address, or other
   sensitive information, will be shared as a part of this process.

   B. What Additional Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   (1) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’
   domain names and internet protocol (IP) addresses (the number assigned
   to computers on the Internet). In addition, your web browser or Game
   software may transmit to Super Evil certain geographic information or
   other information regarding your computer, including its capabilities,
   hardware specs and game data processing. No personal information about
   you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous
   “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be
   helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.

   (2) COOKIES. The Site or Game uses Analytics and Performance Cookies.
   These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to the
   Site. The information gathered does not identify any individual
   visitor. The information is aggregated and anonymous. It includes the
   number of visitors to the Site, the websites that referred them to the
   Site, the pages they visited on the Site, what time of day they visited
   the Site, whether they have visited the Site before, and other similar
   information. We use this information to help operate the Site more
   efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the
   level of activity on the Site.

   We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. It is
   only used to improve how the Site works. You can find out more
   information about Google Analytics cookies here:
   https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCo
   okies.

   You can find out more about how Google protects your data here:
   https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.

   You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of the
   Site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via
   this link:
   http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.

   We use the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook, Inc. This
   tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected
   to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are
   thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for
   statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remains
   anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any
   individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by
   Facebook. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook
   account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in
   accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under:
   https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.

   Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to
   show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. In addition, a
   cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.

   Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. If you are
   younger than this age, please consult your legal guardians.

   Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission:
   https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.

   Super Evil also works with Unity Ads and Iron Source to serve ads
   within the game. If you wish to limit behaviorally targeted
   advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device
   settings. Please note that opt-outs are specific to each browser and
   device and it may take a little bit of time before your opt-out will
   take effect.

   Ad networks can use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking
   technologies to collect or receive data about you and might claim
   controller rights over your personal data. For more information about
   their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities, please review their
   privacy policy:
   Unity Ads – https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

   Iron Source –
   https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-
   privacy-policy

   C. Why do we need your personal data?

   We will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable
   data protection and privacy laws. We need certain personal data in
   order to provide you with access to the Site or Game. If you created a
   profile, you will have been asked to check a tick box indicating your
   agreement to provide this data in order to play the Game. This consent
   provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to
   process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at
   any time. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data in line
   with this policy, please do not use the Site or Game.

   D. What Does Super Evil Do With Collected Information?

   (1) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not share your personal information
   with any third parties without your consent, except as necessary to
   provide you with the services offered by us, to comply with the law or
   as otherwise described in this Policy. We may use your personal
   information to verify your identity or to check your qualifications, to
   inform you of any changes to the Site or Game, or to send you
   additional information about Super Evil. We may also use your
   information to contact you should we believe that you are in violation
   of the Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”). If you do not want us
   to share your personal information with these companies, you may
   contact us at: privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   (2) COMPELLED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose
   personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith
   belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with requirements of
   the law or comply with legal process served on Super Evil (b) protect
   and defend the rights or property of Super Evil or the users of the
   Site or Game, or (c) act under unusual, extraordinary or emergency
   circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site
   or Game.

   (3) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our
   business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies
   or assets, including the information collected through the Site or
   otherwise collected in connection with the Game. If Super Evil or
   substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information and
   personal information will be one of the assets transferred to the
   acquirer. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to
   notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site.

   (4) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. At any time you may request access to the
   information that we have from you, or request that we remove all
   information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance
   with Section VII.A below.

   (5) Your data, including personal data that we collect from you, may be
   transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and
   other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including,
   but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy
   regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other
   parts of the world. By using the Site or Game, you agree to this
   transfer, storing or processing. As noted in Section II of this Privacy
   Policy we are a participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and we will
   take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
   securely and in accordance with this policy.

   (6) We will only retain your personal data until you request to close
   your account unless a longer retention period is required or permitted
   by law (for example, for regulatory purposes).

   (7) We do not use your personal data for the purposes of automated
   decision-making. However, we may do so in order to fulfil obligations
   imposed by law, in which case we will inform you of any such processing
   and provide you with an opportunity to object.

   E. Notice Concerning Children

   PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of
   our content specifically at children under 16 years of age. The Site
   and the Game are not intended for children under the age of 16. We
   understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of
   children’s privacy online, and as such do not knowingly collect any
   personal information from any user under age 16. If we learn or have
   reason to suspect that a Site or Game user is under age 16, we will
   promptly delete any personal information in that user’s Account.

   IV. SECURITY

   The Site and the Game have security measures in place to help protect
   against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we
   obtain from you. We store your personal information on our servers,
   which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and
   protected by protocols and procedures designed to protect the security
   of such information. In addition, we restrict access to personal
   information to Super Evil employees, independent contractors and agents
   who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and
   maintain the Site and the Game. However, no server, computer or
   communications network or system, or data transmission over the
   Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we
   strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the
   security of any information you transmit to us through the use of the
   Game or the Site and we make no assurances about our ability to prevent
   any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party. You acknowledge
   and agree that you provide such information and engage in such
   transmissions at your own risk.

   When you enter information, we encrypt the transmission of that
   information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you have any
   questions about the security of your personal information, you can
   contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   V. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND OUR CONTROL

   A. Third Party Websites

   The Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit other
   websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content
   of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the
   privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and
   agree with their policies.

   B. Opt-Out Preferences

   Opt-out. You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing
   communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii)
   our collection of sensitive personal data; (iv) any new processing of
   your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose;
   or (v) the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA. Please note
   that your use of some of the Site or Game may be ineffective upon
   opt-out.

   Access. You may access the data we hold about you at any time by
   contacting us directly.

   Amend. You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in
   your personal data.

   Move. Your data is portable – i.e. you to have the flexibility to move
   your data to other service providers as you wish.

   Erase and forget. In certain situations, for example when the data we
   hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request
   that we erase your data.

   You may contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com or 400 1st Ave, San
   Mateo, CA, 94401, USA anytime for any other questions you may have
   about your personal data and our use of such personal data.

   VI. SERVICE PROVIDERS

   We may share your personal information with service providers that we
   engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your
   behalf, such as to fulfill product orders, collect billing information
   and process payments. While providing services for us, these companies
   may access your personal information.

   To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this
   Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Some of
   the pages within the Site utilize masking techniques to serve content
   to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our
   Site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information
   to these third parties, and are doing so pursuant to the third party’s
   privacy policy.

   VII. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES

   A. Contacting Us

   If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices regarding
   your personal information related to the Site or Game, or if you would
   like to have us remove your information from our database and
   deactivate your Account, please feel contact us at
   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com. Upon request Super Evil will provide you
   with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third
   party, any of your personal information. If your personally
   identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our
   service, you may correct, update or amend it by emailing our Customer
   Support at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com, or by contacting us by postal
   mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your
   request to access within 30 days of receipt of the request. Please note
   that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your
   Account and applicable services.

   B. Updates and Changes

   We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our
   information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify
   you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
   by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming
   effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the
   latest information on our privacy practices.

   BY USING THE SITE AND/OR THE GAME, YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ,
   UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT
   AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR THE GAME.

   C. Additional Policies

   There are additional Super Evil legal policies that govern your use of
   the Site and the Game. Please take time to review and familiarize
   yourself with the Terms of Use.

   Effective Date: June 19, 2019

Open A Ticket

Open A Ticket

   * Required
     __________________________________________________________________

   [contact-form-7 id="4" title="Open A Ticket"]

Download Vainglory App Now

Download Vainglory App Now

   Play for free
   Play for free
   Play for free

   ©2015 Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo
   are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.
   #Vainglory » Feed Vainglory » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   [tr?id=284452198416460&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Vainglory
   Download Vainglory on Google Play
   Download Vainglory in the App Store
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
   [English__]
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Twitch

     * English
     * /
     * 日本語
     * /
     * 한국어

     * Vainglory Fire
     * Vainglory Twitch
     * Vainglory YouTube
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Vainglory Facebook
     * Vainglory Reddit
     * Vainglory VK
     * Vainglory Twitter

Meet us at PAX Prime

     * Share on facebook
     * Share on twitter
     * Email

     * Share on facebook
     * Share on twitter
     * Email

   https://www.vainglor
   Skye Ability Reveal & Lore!
   ‘Cloud Raider’ Vox Skin Reveal!

Meet us at PAX Prime

     * ReadyPlayer1
     * |
     * Aug 26, 2015
     __________________________________________________________________

   PAXPrime

   Team Super Evil goes PAX PRIME!

   PAX PRIME is around the corner! Come meet us at the Twitch Booth, and
   tune into our livestreams, hosted live from PAX. Here’s what’s
   happening from Friday, Aug 28 to Monday, Aug 31:

   We’re at the booth every PAX day from 10AM PDT to 6PM PDT. Win a
   Vainglory t-shirt and come meet the devs and streamers!
     * Come play a match to win a shirt! We have 100 shirts to hand out
       per day! Psst, there’s some other cool PAX-exclusive SWAG, too.
     * Our amazing streamers Shinkaigan, Yumaranken, LadyWabeesh,
       Jonobie87 and our NA Regional Community Manager WolfHands will be
       at our booth to share tips and tricks on how to play Vainglory.
     * Our devs EdTheShred, EvilFinn, Kraken, Nansen, PlayoffBeard,
       ReadyPlayer1, UbelAndre and Zekent will be around the booth. Come
       say hi!

   Tune into our livestreams, hosted from the Twitch booth!
     * 10:30AM PDT every PAX day: Watch the special streams on
       twitch.tv/vainglory. PlayoffBeard and Zekent will be revealing the
       new hero, Skye, on Friday!
     * 5PM PDT on Saturday: Don’t miss the Royal Vainglory Rumble live on
       twitch.tv/twitch (a.k.a. “Put me in, Coach!)
          + Live on the Twitch main stage, streamers, players and devs
            alike will fight in a unique form of Vainglory: If you die,
            you tag out of the match and are replaced by a new player who
            takes over your device on stage.
     * 5PM PDT on Sunday on twitch.tv/twitch, it’s Fitness Sunday!
          + Tune into a physically demanding match, where the power of
            your guns and the power of your guns will be tested. If your
            hero dies, it’s time for burpees and pushups!

   And for all our players, participate in our PAX Twitter competition!
   Tweet us a photo how you watch our streams for a chance to win 500 ICE!
   Make sure you use #VGPAX. Three winners a day per region will we
   rewarded. Competition runs from August 28 to 31.

   See you in Seattle!

Related News
     __________________________________________________________________

Vainglory’s Game Modes in 4.0

A word on the API and Vainglory Esports

   Vainglory

   © Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo are
   trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.

   Privacy Policy | Fan Content Policy | Terms Of Use
   Vainglory

   Top

Terms Of Use Agreement

Terms Of Use Agreement
     __________________________________________________________________

   Last Modified: September 8, 2014

   Vainglory™ (the “Game”) is a free-to-play, session-based, multiplayer
   online battle arena game developed and operated by Super Evil MegaCorp
   (“Super Evil”). For purposes of this Agreement (defined below), “you”
   and “your” mean the user of the platform on which the Game will be or
   has been installed.

   PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT (THIS “TERMS OF USE” OR
   "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW, OR BY
   PARTICIPATING IN THE GAME, OR BY USING THE HTTP://WWW.VAINGLORYGAME.COM
   OR HTTP://FORUMS.VAINGLORYGAME.COM WEBSITES AND RELATED WEBPAGES (THE
   “SITE”), YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN
   CONTRACT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE
   AGREEMENT, CLICK ON THE BUTTON THAT INDICATES THAT YOU DO NOT AGREE TO
   ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT (IF APPLICABLE) AND DO NOT
   PARTICIPATE IN THE GAME OR USE THE SITE.

I. LIMITED USE LICENSE

   The Site and the Game are available for use only by authorized end
   users in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
   Agreement. In addition to this Agreement. The Site, and the Game
   (collectively, the “Properties”) are provided for your individual,
   non-commercial, entertainment purposes only. Except as may be expressly
   permitted by Super Evil, you may not sell, copy, exchange, transfer,
   publish, assign or otherwise distribute anything you copy or derive
   from the Properties.

II. REQUIREMENTS

   In using the Site, and/or by clicking “accept” when you install the
   Software, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree with
   the terms of this Agreement. You are wholly responsible for the cost of
   all internet connection fees, along with all equipment, servicing, or
   repair costs necessary to allow you access to the Game.

III. ACCOUNT INFORMATION

   A. General. While some elements of the Site and the Game may be
   generally accessed by the public, certain aspects of the Site and the
   Game (e.g. posting in the Forums, as defined below) require you to
   create an Account by providing Super Evil with certain personal
   information, specifically, your email address and date of birth. You
   agree that you will supply accurate and complete information to Super
   Evil, and that you will update that information promptly after it
   changes. The information will be used by Super Evil for a variety of
   internal purposes, including without limitation, to maintain the
   Account, to ensure that your Account is unique, to deal with security,
   debugging and technical support issues, and for possible
   payment-related issues. You acknowledge that, if any information
   provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Super
   Evil reserves the right to terminate this Agreement, your Account,
   and/or your use of the Game. Please note that in utilizing certain
   areas of the Site or the Game, you will be requested to provide
   additional information in order to complete a purchase, such as your
   name, full address, credit card information or other payment
   information as appropriate to the selected payment method.

   B. Eligibility. Only “natural persons,” as opposed to any kinds of
   legal entities (e.g., corporations, limited liability companies, and/or
   partnerships), shall have the privilege of establishing an Account. By
   entering into this Agreement and creating an Account, you represent
   that you have the legal capacity to enter into a contract in the
   jurisdiction where you reside. You agree to comply with this Agreement
   on behalf of yourself and, at your discretion, any minor children for
   whom you are the parent or legal guardian and whom you have authorized
   to play the Game using your Account. You further agree that you are
   entirely liable for all activities conducted through your Account, and
   are responsible for ensuring that you and/or your child is aware of,
   understands, and complies with the terms of this Agreement and any and
   all other Super Evil rules, policies, notices and/or agreements.

   THE SITE AND THE GAME ARE NOT DIRECTED AT CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF
   AGE, NOR DOES SUPER EVIL KNOWINGLY COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
   UNDER 13. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONALLY
   IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO SUPER EVIL.

   C. Login Credentials. In creating an Account, you will be required to
   select a unique username and password (collectively, “Login
   Credentials”), which you will use each time you access the Game using
   your Account. You may not share your Account with anyone other than as
   expressly set forth herein, and you are entirely responsible for
   maintaining the confidentiality of your Login Credentials and for any
   and all activities (including purchases and charges, as applicable)
   that are conducted through your Account. Please notify Super Evil
   immediately if you become aware of any breach of security, including
   any loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your Login Credentials.

   D. Account Sales. The Account supplied to you is personal to you, and
   Super Evil does not recognize and expressly forbids the transfer of
   user Accounts. You shall not purchase, sell, gift or trade any Account,
   or make any such offer, and any attempt shall be null and void. Any
   distribution by you of your Account and/or your Login Credentials
   (except as expressly provided herein or otherwise explicitly approved
   of by Super Evil) may result in suspension or termination of your
   Account.

   E. Suspension/Termination.

   1. By Super Evil. SUPER EVIL RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SUSPEND, TERMINATE,
   MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON,
   WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU, AND WITH NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND TO
   YOU. Additionally, Super Evil may stop offering and/or supporting the
   Game at any time. For purposes of explanation and not limitation, most
   Account suspensions, terminations and/or deletions are the result of
   violation of this Agreement. Accounts terminated by Super Evil shall
   not be reinstated under any conditions whatsoever.

   2. By You. You may terminate your Account at any time, for any reason
   or no reason, by contacting Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com.

IV. OWNERSHIP

   A. Intellectual Property. All rights and title in and to the
   Properties, and all content included therein (including, without
   limitation, user Accounts, computer code, titles, objects, artifacts,
   characters, character names, locations, location names, stories, story
   lines, dialog, catch phrases, artwork, graphics, structural or
   landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and
   recordings, audio-visual effects, character likenesses, and methods of
   operation) are owned by Super Evil or its licensors. The Properties,
   and all content therein are protected by United States and other
   international intellectual property laws. Super Evil and its licensors
   reserve all rights in connection with the Properties, including,
   without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works
   therefrom. You agree that you will not create any work of authorship
   based on the Properties except as expressly permitted by Super Evil.
   Additionally, except as otherwise set forth in this Section IV.A, Super
   Evil does not authorize you to make any use whatsoever of any Super
   Evil trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names,
   taglines, and/or trade dress (collectively, the "Super Evil Marks")
   under any circumstances without a written license agreement. Any
   reproduction, redistribution, or modification of the Properties, or use
   of the Properties not in accordance with the this Agreement, is
   expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal
   penalties.

   B. Game Assets, Virtual Items. When using the Game, you may accumulate
   in-Game assets associated with your Account, including, without
   limitation, objects, artifacts, currency, items, equipment, and/or
   other value or status indicators (“Game Assets”) that reside on servers
   operated by Super Evil as data. You acknowledge and agree that such
   Game Assets are accumulated as part of your Account and therefore you
   shall have no ownership or other property interest in any of those Game
   Assets. You further acknowledge and agree that Super Evil has the
   right, but not the obligation, to delete, alter, move, remove, or
   transfer any and all Game Assets, in whole or in part, at any time and
   for any reason, with or without notice to you, and with no liability of
   any kind to you. Super Evil does not provide or guarantee, and
   expressly disclaims any value, cash or otherwise, attributed to any
   data residing on servers operated by Super Evil, including without
   limitation the Game Assets associated with your Account.

   C. Unsolicited Idea Submissions. Super Evil values your feedback on its
   services and products, but please do not submit any creative ideas,
   suggestions or materials. Neither Super Evil nor any of its employees
   and/or contractors accept or consider unsolicited ideas, original
   creative artwork or other works, including, without limitation, ideas
   or suggestions for new or improved games or technologies, game or
   product enhancements, marketing plans or names for new games
   (collectively “Unsolicited Ideas”). Please do not send your Unsolicited
   Ideas to Super Evil or its employees and/or contractors. This policy is
   aimed at avoiding potential misunderstandings or disputes when Super
   Evil’ products or services might seem similar to Unsolicited Ideas that
   are submitted. If you do submit your Unsolicited Ideas to Super Evil or
   to any of its employees and/or contractors despite this policy, then
   you hereby acknowledge and agree that, from the time of transmission or
   dispatch, you grant Super Evil and its designees a worldwide,
   perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, transferable, assignable,
   non-exclusive and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce,
   distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works of,
   publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made,
   sell, offer for sale and import your Unsolicited Ideas, including,
   without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents,
   industrial rights and all other intellectual and proprietary rights
   related thereto, in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any
   purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, including, without
   limitation, giving the Unsolicited Ideas to others, without any
   compensation to you. To the extent necessary, you agree that you
   undertake to execute and deliver any and all documents and perform any
   and all actions necessary or desirable to ensure that the rights to use
   the Unsolicited Ideas granted to Super Evil as specified above are
   valid, effective and enforceable. You also give up any claim that any
   use by Super Evil and/or its licensees of your Unsolicited Ideas
   violates any of your rights, including but not limited to moral rights,
   privacy rights, rights to publicity, proprietary or other rights,
   and/or rights to credit for the material or ideas set for therein.

V. CODE OF CONDUCT

   While using any of the Properties, you agree to comply with all
   applicable laws, rules and regulations. You also agree to comply with
   certain additional rules that govern your use of the Properties (the
   "Code of Conduct"). The Code of Conduct is not meant to be exhaustive,
   and Super Evil reserves the right to modify this Code of Conduct at any
   time, as well as take appropriate disciplinary measures including
   Account termination and deletion to protect the integrity and spirit of
   the Properties, regardless of whether a specific behavior is listed
   here as prohibited. The following are examples of behavior that warrant
   disciplinary measures:

   A. Impersonating any person, business, or entity, including an employee
   of Super Evil, or communicating in any way that makes it appear that
   the communication originates from Super Evil;

   B. Posting identifying information about yourself, or any other user,
   to the Site or within the Game;

   C. Harassing, stalking, or threatening any other users in the Game;

   D. Removing, altering or concealing any copyright, trademark, patent or
   other proprietary rights notices of Super Evil contained in the Site,
   the Game and/or the Software. You also may not transmit content that
   violates or infringes the rights of others, including without
   limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity,
   personal rights or other proprietary or non-proprietary rights;

   E. Transmitting or communicating any content which, in the sole and
   exclusive discretion of Super Evil, is deemed offensive, including, but
   not limited to, language that is unlawful, harmful, threatening,
   abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, or
   racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;

   F. Transmitting or facilitating the transmission of any content that
   contains a virus, corrupted data, trojan horse, bot keystroke logger,
   worm, time bomb, cancelbot or other computer programming routines that
   are intended to and/or actually damage, detrimentally interfere with,
   surreptitiously intercept or mine, scrape or expropriate any system,
   data or personal information;

   G. Spamming chat, whether for personal or commercial purposes, by
   disrupting the flow of conversation with repeated postings of a similar
   nature;

   H. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, "exploits" an undocumented aspect of the Game
   in order to secure an unfair advantage over other users;

   I. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, defrauds any other user of the Game, including,
   but not limited to, by "scamming" or "social engineering;”

   J. Using any unauthorized third party programs, including but not
   limited to "mods," "hacks," "cheats," "scripts," "bots," "trainers,"
   and automation programs, that interact with the Software in any way,
   for any purpose, including, without limitation, any unauthorized third
   party programs that intercept, emulate, or redirect any communication
   between the Software and Super Evil and any unauthorized third party
   programs that collect information about the Game by reading areas of
   memory used by the Software to store information;

   K. Accessing or attempting to access areas of the Game or Game servers
   that have not been made available to the public;

   L. Selecting a name that is falsely indicative of an association with
   Super Evil, contains personally identifying information, infringes on
   the proprietary or non-proprietary rights of third parties, or that is
   offensive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, racially,
   ethnically, or otherwise objectionable. You may not use a misspelling
   or an alternative spelling to circumvent this restriction on name
   choices. Super Evil may modify any name which, in the sole and
   exclusive judgment of Super Evil, violates this provision without
   further notification to you, and may take further disciplinary
   measures, including Account termination, for repeated violations; or

VI. USER CONTENT

   A. Ownership. “Content” means any communications, images, sounds, and
   all the material and information that you upload or transmit through
   the Site or the Game, or that other users upload or transmit,
   including, without limitation, any Forum (defined below) postings.

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that you remain fully responsible for
   and are the owner of any and all Content. However, you grant Super Evil
   from the time of uploading or transmission of the Content through any
   channel, non-exclusively, all now known or hereafter existing
   copyrights and all other intellectual property rights to all Content of
   every kind and nature, in perpetuity (or for the maximum duration of
   protection afforded by applicable law), throughout the universe and you
   hereby grant Super Evil as a present non-exclusive license of future
   rights all such intellectual property rights to the extent owned by
   you. In the event that any of the Content is not licensable, you hereby
   grant to Super Evil and its licensors, including, without limitation,
   its respective successors and assigns, a perpetual, irrevocable,
   sublicensable, transferable, worldwide, paid-up right to reproduce,
   fix, adapt, modify, translate, reformat, transmit, or provide access to
   electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public by
   telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and
   use and practice such Content as well as all modified and derivative
   works thereof, without compensation to you. To the extent necessary,
   you agree that you will undertake to execute and deliver any and all
   documents and perform any and all actions necessary or desirable to
   ensure that the rights to use the Content granted to Super Evil as
   specified above are valid, effective and enforceable. You also hereby
   waive any moral rights you may have in such Content under the laws of
   any jurisdiction to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your
   jurisdiction. You represent, warrant and agree that none of the Content
   will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality,
   attribution or otherwise, on the part of Super Evil and Super Evil will
   not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content. You further
   acknowledge and agree that you shall not upload or otherwise transmit
   on or through the Site or the Game any Content that is subject to any
   third-party rights.

   B. Consent to Monitoring. Super Evil does not, and cannot, pre-screen
   or monitor all Content. However, its representatives may monitor and/or
   record your communications (including, without limitation, Forum
   postings and/or Chat) when you are playing the Game or using the Site,
   and you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and
   recording. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of
   privacy concerning the submission of any Content. Super Evil does not
   assume any responsibility or liability for Content that is generated by
   users of the Site and/or Game. Super Evil has the right but not the
   obligation, in its sole discretion, to edit, refuse to post, or remove
   any Content. Furthermore, Super Evil also reserves the right, at all
   times and in its sole discretion, to disclose any Content for any
   reason, including, without limitation (i) to satisfy any applicable
   law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) to enforce
   the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement; (iii) to protect
   the legal rights and remedies of Super Evil; (iv) where someone’s
   health or safety may be threatened; or (v) to report a crime or other
   offensive behavior. Please take care to not provide any personally
   identifiable information in the Chat or the Forums and to abide by the
   Code of Conduct, understanding that you do not have an expectation of
   privacy in the Content you provide in the Chat or Forums, and that
   members of Super Evil and the Community, outside of those you play
   directly with or against in the Game, might have access to the
   information in the Chat or the Forums at any time.

   C. Forums. If you have a valid and active Account, you may post
   communications and other content to the “forums” section of the Site
   (the “Forums”). You agree to abide by the Code of Conduct, as well as
   the policy concerning Links (found below) while participating in the
   Forums. You understand that much of the information included in the
   Forums is from other players who are not employed by or under the
   control of Super Evil. You further acknowledge that a large volume of
   information is available in the Forums and that people participating in
   such Forums may occasionally post messages or make statements, whether
   intentionally or unintentionally, that are inaccurate, misleading,
   deceptive, abusive or even unlawful. Super Evil neither endorses nor is
   responsible for such messages or statements, or for any opinion,
   advice, information or other utterance made or displayed in the Forums
   by you or the other users. The opinions expressed in the Forums reflect
   solely the opinions of you and/or the other users and may not reflect
   the opinions of Super Evil. Super Evil is not responsible for any
   errors or omissions in postings, for hyperlinks embedded in messages or
   for any results obtained from the use of the information contained in
   the Forums. Under no circumstances will Super Evil be liable for any
   loss or damage caused by your reliance on the information in the Forums
   or your use of the Forums. You should be aware that, when you disclose
   information about yourself in a Forum, the information is being made
   publicly available and may be collected and used by other users. When
   you disclose any information in a Forum, you do so at your own risk.
   Super Evil reserves the right to, but has no obligation to, monitor the
   Forums, or any postings or other materials that you or other players
   transmit or post on the Forums, to alter or remove any such materials,
   and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their
   transmission to any third party in order to operate the Site properly
   or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.

VII. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS

   A. Agreement. Super Evil reserves the right, in its sole and absolute
   discretion, to revise, update, change, modify, add to, supplement, or
   delete certain terms of this Agreement as the Properties evolve;
   provided, however, that material changes to this Agreement will not be
   applied retroactively. Such changes will be effective with or without
   prior notice to you. You can review the most current version of this
   Agreement by clicking on the “Terms of Use” link located at the bottom
   of the Site. You are responsible for checking this Agreement
   periodically for changes. If any future changes to this Agreement are
   unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in agreement or
   compliance with this Agreement, you must terminate this Agreement and
   immediately stop using the Properties. Your continued use of any of the
   Properties following any revision to this Agreement constitutes your
   complete and irrevocable acceptance of any and all such changes. If at
   any time you do not agree with any portion of the then-current version
   of a particular Super Evil policy, including but not limited to this
   Agreement, you must immediately stop using the Properties.

   B. The Properties. In an effort to improve the Properties, you agree
   that Super Evil may change, modify, update, suspend, “nerf,” or
   restrict your access to any features or parts of the Properties,
   including purchased or unlockable content, and may require that you
   download and install updates to the Software, at any time without
   notice or liability to you. You also understand and agree that any such
   changes or updates to the Properties might change the system
   specifications necessary to play the Game, and in such a case, you, and
   not Super Evil, are responsible for purchasing any necessary additional
   software and/or hardware in order to access and play the Game.

VIII. LINKS

   The Site may contain links to websites operated by other parties. Super
   Evil provides these links to you as a convenience, or other users might
   be posting these links as user-provided Content. Use of these links and
   the external websites are at your own risk. The linked sites are not
   under the control of Super Evil, and Super Evil is not responsible for
   the content available on the other sites. Such links do not imply
   endorsement by Super Evil of information or material on any other site,
   and Super Evil disclaims all liability with regard to your access to
   and use of such linked websites.

   Should you choose to provide a link on the Site or within the Game
   (e.g., on the Forums or via Chat) to an external website, unless
   otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and Super Evil,
   you acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) the appearance,
   position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or
   dilute the goodwill associated with Super Evil’ and/or its licensors’
   names and trademarks; (ii) the appearance, position and other
   attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your
   organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated
   with Super Evil; (iii) when selected by a user, the link must display
   the external website on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the
   linking Site; and (iv) Super Evil reserves the right to revoke its
   consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.

IX. FEES

   Some aspects of the Game may require you to pay a fee, and you agree
   that you will provide accurate and complete payment information to the
   third-party payment provider used by Super Evil. You further agree to
   pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an
   Account registered to you. Super Evil may revise the pricing for the
   Game or any item associated therewith at any time. All fees and charges
   are payable in accordance with payment terms in effect at the time the
   fee or the charge becomes due and payable. Super Evil may, from time to
   time, modify, amend, or supplement its fees and fee-billing methods,
   and such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting in this
   Agreement or elsewhere on the Site or in the Game. If there is a
   dispute regarding payment of fees to Super Evil, your Account may be
   closed without warning or notice at the sole discretion of Super Evil.

   YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY APPLICABLE FEES AND OTHER CHARGES
   FOR FEE-BASED SERVICES ARE PAYABLE IN ADVANCE AND NOT REFUNDABLE IN
   WHOLE OR IN PART. YOU ARE FULLY LIABLE FOR ALL CHARGES TO YOUR ACCOUNT,
   INCLUDING ANY UNAUTHORIZED CHARGES.

   X. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (DMCA) If
   you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content
   posted on the Site by a Super Evil user infringes upon your copyright,
   please submit notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
   (17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) to the Super Evil Copyright Agent with the
   following information:

   A. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act
   on behalf of the owner of the copyright;

   B. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
   infringed;

   C. The URL of the location on the Super Evil Site containing the
   material that you claim is infringing;

   D. Your address, telephone number, and email address;

   E. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
   disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
   the law; and

   F. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
   information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
   owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

   Super Evil’s Copyright Agent can be reached by mail at: Super Evil Mega
   Corp, 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, ATTN: Copyright Agent; or by
   email at: support@superevilmegacorp.com. Attachments cannot be accepted
   at the email address for security reasons. Accordingly, any
   notification of infringement submitted electronically with an
   attachment will not be received or processed. Please note that these
   notifications are legal notices, and that Super Evil may provide copies
   of such notices to the participants in the dispute or to third parties,
   at its discretion or as required by law.

XI. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

   THE PROPERTIES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”
   BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUPER EVIL
   DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHICH MIGHT APPLY TO THE
   PROPERTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
   NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
   ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
   PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, AND ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY,
   RELIABILITY OR QUALITY OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN
   THE PROPERTIES. SUPER EVIL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROPERTIES WILL BE
   UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT
   THE PROPERTIES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU
   ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE PROPERTIES TO ACHIEVE YOUR
   INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS
   OBTAINED FROM THE PROPERTIES.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of
   implied warranties, the forgoing disclaimer may, in whole or in part,
   not apply to you.

XII. INDEMNIFICATION

   YOU HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS SUPER EVIL FROM
   AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LAWSUITS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES
   AND COSTS (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) THAT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISE
   OR RESULT FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES, OR ANY VIOLATION
   BY YOU OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. Super Evil reserves
   the right, at its own expense and in its sole and absolute discretion,
   to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise
   subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate
   with Super Evil in asserting any available defenses.

XIII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

   UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL Super
   Evil BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
   (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF
   DATA, LOSS OF GOOD WILL, OR LOST PROFITS), OR ANY DAMAGES FOR GROSS
   NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR WORK
   STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL
   DAMAGES OR LOSSES) ARISING FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES,
   EVEN IF Super Evil KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
   DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL Super Evil BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN
   EXCESS OF ANY AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO Super Evil FOR GAME-RELATED
   TRANSACTIONS, IF ANY, DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO
   THE TIME YOUR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the
   limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in
   such states or jurisdictions, the liability of Super Evil shall be
   limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

XIV. EQUITABLE REMEDIES

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that Super Evil would suffer
   irreparable harm if this Agreement were not specifically enforced.
   Consequently, in addition to such monetary and other relief as may be
   recoverable at law, you agree that Super Evil shall be entitled to
   specific performance or other injunctive relief, without bond, other
   security, or proof of damages, as remedy for any breach or threatened
   breach of this Agreement. Additionally, in the event any legal or
   administrative action or proceeding is brought by either party in
   connection with this Agreement and consistent with Section XV below,
   the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to
   recover from the other party all the costs, attorneys’ fees and other
   expenses incurred by such prevailing party as the result of the action
   or proceeding.

XV. NEGOTIATIONS, BINDING ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW

   A. Negotiations. Disputes can be expensive and time consuming for both
   parties. In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of
   any dispute or claim related to this Agreement (“Claim”), you and Super
   Evil agree to first attempt to informally negotiate any Claim for at
   least thirty (30) days (except those Claims expressly excluded in
   Section XV.F below). Super Evil will send its notice to the address it
   has on file to the extent that you have provided additional contact
   information to Super Evil (e.g. by participating in a promotion or
   survey, or contacting a customer services representative). Otherwise,
   Super Evil will send its notice to the email address associated with
   your Account. You will send your notice to Super Evil Mega Corp 400 1st
   Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, Attn: Legal Department. Please note that
   this informal resolution procedure does not suspend any statutory
   limitation periods applicable to the bringing of a Claim.

   B. Binding Arbitration. If the parties fail to resolve a Claim through
   negotiations, within such thirty (30)-day period, either you or Super
   Evil may elect to have the Claim (except as otherwise provided in
   Section XV.F) finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration
   by sending a written notice requesting arbitration to the other party.
   Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on
   the other. The arbitration will be conducted under the Commercial
   Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”)
   and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer
   Related Disputes (“AAA Consumer Rules”) that are in effect at the time
   the arbitration is initiated and under the terms set forth in this
   Agreement. Both the AAA Rules and the AAA Consumer Rules can be found
   at the AAA website, www.adr.org. In the event of a conflict between the
   terms set forth in this Section XV.B and either the AAA Rules or the
   AAA Consumer Rules, the terms in this Section XV.B will control and
   prevail.

   Except as otherwise set forth in Section XV.F, you may seek any
   remedies available to you under federal, state or local laws in an
   arbitration action. As part of the arbitration, both you and Super Evil
   will have the opportunity for discovery of non-privileged information
   that is relevant to the Claim. The arbitrator will provide a written
   statement of the arbitrator’s decision regarding the Claim, the award
   given and the arbitrator’s findings and conclusions on which the
   arbitrator’s decision is based. The determination of whether a Claim is
   subject to arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act
   and determined by a court rather than an arbitrator. Except as
   otherwise provided in this Agreement, (i) you and Super Evil may
   litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending
   arbitration, or confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award
   entered by the arbitrator; and (ii) the arbitrator’s decision is final,
   binding on all parties and enforceable in any court that has
   jurisdiction, provided that any award may be challenged if the
   arbitrator fails to follow applicable law.

   BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND
   Super Evil ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL.

   C. Arbitration Fees. If we are initiating arbitration for a Claim, we
   will pay all costs charged by the AAA Rules for initiating the
   arbitration. Your share of all other fees and costs of the arbitration,
   including your share of arbitrator compensation, will be charged
   pursuant to the AAA Rules, and where appropriate, limited by the AAA
   Consumer Rules. Where your share of the costs is deemed to be excessive
   by the arbitrator, Super Evil will pay all arbitration fees and
   expenses.

   D. Location. The arbitration will take place in your hometown area if
   you so notify Super Evil in your notice of arbitration or within ten
   (10) days following receipt of Super Evil’ arbitration notice. In the
   absence of a notice to conduct the arbitration in your hometown area,
   the arbitration will be conducted in Los Angeles, California, unless
   the parties agree to video, phone and/or internet connection
   appearances. Any Claim not subject to arbitration (other than claims
   proceeding in any small claims court), or where no election to
   arbitrate has been made, shall be decided exclusively by a court of
   competent jurisdiction in San Mateo, California, United States of
   America, and you and Super Evil agree to submit to the personal
   jurisdiction of that court.

   E. Limitations. You and Super Evil agree that any arbitration shall be
   limited to the Claim between Super Evil and you individually. YOU AND
   Super Evil AGREE THAT (A) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY
   DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS
   ACTION PROCEDURES; (B) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE
   TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR AS A PRIVATE
   ATTORNEY GENERAL; AND (C) NO ARBITRATION SHALL BE JOINED WITH ANY
   OTHER.

   F. Exceptions to Negotiations and Arbitration. You and Super Evil agree
   that the following Claims are not subject to the above provisions
   concerning negotiations and binding arbitration: (i) any Claims seeking
   to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of your or
   Super Evil’ intellectual property rights; (ii) any Claim related to, or
   arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or
   unauthorized use; and (iii) any claim for equitable relief. In addition
   to the foregoing, either party may assert an individual action in small
   claims court for Claims that are within the scope of such courts’
   jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration.

   G. Governing Law. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this
   Agreement shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws
   of the United States of America and the law of the State of California,
   without regard to conflict of law principles. The application of the
   United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
   Goods is expressly excluded. Other laws may apply if you choose to
   access the Game from outside of the United States. In such an event,
   those local laws shall affect this Agreement only to the extent
   necessary in that jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be interpreted
   to give maximum effect to the terms and conditions in this Agreement.
   You are responsible for compliance with all local laws if and to the
   extent local laws are applicable. The New Zealand Consumer Guarantees
   Act of 1993 (the “Act”) may apply to the Game if you access the Game
   from, and are a resident of, New Zealand. Notwithstanding anything to
   the contrary in this Agreement, if the Act applies then you may have
   other rights or remedies as set out in the Act which may apply in
   addition to or instead of those set out in this Agreement.

   H. Severability. You and Super Evil agree that if any portion this
   Section XV is found illegal or unenforceable (except any portion of
   Section XV.F), that portion shall be severed and the remainder of the
   Section shall be given full force and effect. If Section XV.F is found
   to be illegal or unenforceable then neither you nor Super Evil will
   elect to arbitrate any Claim falling within that portion of Section
   XV.F found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Claim shall be
   exclusively decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within Los
   Angeles, State of California, United States of America, and you and
   Super Evil agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.

XVI. TERMINATION

   This Agreement (and all subsequent modifications, if any) shall remain
   effective until terminated. Both you and Super Evil may terminate this
   Agreement at any time for any reason or for no reason. Termination by
   Super Evil will be effective upon notice to you, termination or
   deletion of your Account, or its decision to permanently discontinue
   offering and/or supporting the Game, which it may do at any time in its
   sole discretion. You may terminate this Agreement at any time simply by
   not using the Site or the Game. If, however, you wish to terminate your
   Account, you must affirmatively do so by notifying Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com as stated above. Upon termination of this
   Agreement, your right to use the Properties shall immediately cease.

XVII. MISCELLANEOUS

   A. Assignment. Super Evil may assign this Agreement, in whole or in
   part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent.
   You may not assign the Agreement without Super Evil’s prior written
   consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be null and void.

   B. Customer Contact. If you have any questions concerning these terms
   and conditions, or if you would like to contact Super Evil for any
   other reason, please contact Super Evil support at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com, or visit the “support” tab on the Site.

   C. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the complete agreement
   between you and Super Evil concerning the Site, the Game, and the
   subject matter of the Agreement, and supersedes any prior or
   contemporaneous agreements between you and Super Evil.

   D. Force Majeure. Super Evil shall not be liable for any delay or
   failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control
   of Super Evil, including, without limitation, any failure to perform
   hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Super Evil’s
   control such as acts of god, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of
   civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or
   shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or
   materials.

   E. Location. The Site and the Game are operated by Super Evil in the
   United States. Those who choose to access the Site and/or the Game from
   locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and
   are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The Software
   is subject to United States export controls.

   F. No Partnership. You agree that no joint venture, partnership,
   employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Super Evil as
   a result of this Agreement or your use of the Site or the Game.

   G. No Waiver. Super Evil’s failure to enforce any provision of this
   Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver
   of such provision, nor in any way affect the right of any party to
   enforce each and every such provision thereafter. The express waiver by
   Super Evil of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement
   shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with
   such provision, condition or requirement.

   H. Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices
   given by you or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and
   addressed to: Super Evil Mega Corp at 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA
   94401.

   I. Reform and Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held
   to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be
   reformed to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum
   extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the
   remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
   If, however, it is determined that such provision cannot be reformed,
   then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and
   shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
   provisions.

   J. Section Headings. The section headings used herein are for
   convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
   Agreement or have any other legal effect.

   K. Survival. The provisions of Sections IV, VI.A, IX, XI-XV, and XVII
   shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

   YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING
   TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT SELECTING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON
   BELOW AND/OR YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE PROPERTIES IS AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF
   YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
   AGREEMENT.

Privacy Policy

   Vainglory

Privacy Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

   I. INTRODUCTION

   Super Evil Mega Corp, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (“Super Evil”) is
   committed to respecting the privacy rights of the customers, visitors,
   and other users of Super Evil’s free-to-play computer game, Vainglory
   (the “Game”) and its related websites, including
   http://www.vainglorygame.com, and http://www.superevilmegacorp.com
   (collectively, the “Site”) and our mobile application. We created this
   Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you, the user, confidence as you
   visit and use the Site or the Game, and to demonstrate our commitment
   to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. By
   visiting the Site or using the Game, you consent to our collection,
   use, storage, deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as
   set forth in this Policy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site
   and the Game, and not to any other third-party websites that you may be
   able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection
   and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.

   If you have questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you should
   first contact privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   II. GENERAL INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

   A. General Disclosure

   For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, the data
   controller of your personal data is Super Evil Megacorp Inc. of 119 S B
   St, Ste A, San Mateo, CA, 94001, USA. Our EU Representative can be
   contacted by mailing them at one of the following addresses. Please
   make sure to address your letters to the DPR Group and not Super Evil
   Megacorp.
   Country Address
   Austria DPR Group, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020,
   Austria
   Belgium DPR Group, Place de L’Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals
   Brabant, 1348, Belgium
   Bulgaria DPR Group, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria
   Croatia DPR Group, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32,
   Zagreb, 10000, Croatia
   Cyprus DPR Group, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue,
   Limassol, 3030, Cyprus
   Czech Republic DPR Group, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91,
   Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, Czech Republic
   Denmark DPR Group, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark
   Estonia DPR Group, 2^nd Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia
   Finland DPR Group, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki,
   00100, Finland
   France DPR Group, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
   Germany DPR Group, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067,
   Germany
   Greece DPR Group, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece
   Hungary DPR Group, EMKE Building, Rákóczi Út 42, Budapest, 1072,
   Hungary
   Ireland DPR Group, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY,
   Republic of Ireland
   Italy DPR Group, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073 , Turin, Italy
   Latvia DPR Group, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011,
   Latvia
   Lithuania DPR Group, Vilniaus g.31, Vilnius, LT- 01402, Lithuania
   Luxembourg DPR Group, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre,
   Luxembourg
   Malta DPR Group, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street,
   Swatar, BKR4013, Malta
   Netherlands DPR Group, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081
   CN, Netherlands
   Poland DPR Group, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403,
   Poland
   Portugal DPR Group, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor,
   Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, Portugal
   Romania DPR Group, World Trade Centre, Piata Montreal no 10, Entrance
   F, 1st Floor, Sector 1, Bucharest, 11469, Romania
   Slovakia DPR Group, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D
   Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
   Slovenia DPR Group, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000,
   Slovenia
   Spain DPR Group, Puerta de las Naciones, Ribera del Loira 46, Madrid,
   28042, Spain
   Sweden DPR Group, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE – 211 46,
   Sweden
   United Kingdom DPR Group, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London,
   United Kingdom


   Subject to the next paragraph, we ask that you not send us, and you do
   not disclose, any sensitive personal data (e.g., social security
   numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political
   opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic
   characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or
   through the Site or Game or otherwise to us.

   If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us when you
   submit user-generated content to the Site or Game, you consent to our
   processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with
   this policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such
   sensitive personal data, you must not submit such user generated
   content to the Site or the Game.

   B. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield

   Super Evil participates in and has certified its compliance with the
   EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Super Evil is committed to subjecting
   all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries,
   in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s
   applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield
   Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

   Super Evil is responsible for the processing of personal data it
   receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently
   transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Super Evil
   complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of
   personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability
   provisions.

   With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the
   Privacy Shield Framework, Super Evil is subject to the regulatory
   enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements.

   In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Super Evil commits to
   resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal
   information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our
   Privacy Shield policy should first contact Super Evil at:

   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com

   Super Evil has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
   complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located
   in the US. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
   complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your
   satisfaction, please contact or visit
   https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to
   file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

   Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome, you may invoke binding
   arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been
   exhausted.

   III. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE PRACTICES

   A. What Basic Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   We typically collect personal information that you provide to us on a
   voluntary basis, and you may visit areas on the Site without choosing
   to do so. However, in order to use certain parts of the Site and/or
   log-on to play the Game, you will be required to create an account by
   providing us your email address and selecting a unique username and
   password (an “Account”). In the course of maintaining your Account, you
   might also be asked to participate in online surveys about the Game, or
   in other Game-related promotional contests, participation in which is
   entirely voluntary. You might also desire to contact our customer
   support team via the “Support” tab found on the Site. In participating
   in such promotional activities or in contacting customer support, you
   might be requested to provide additional information beyond your email
   address, including your name, full address and phone number. In
   operating the Site or otherwise offering the Game, we might also
   request other information from you, including hardware specs, software
   performance metrics, game experience, and other demographic information
   that might be associated with your personal information, such as your
   gender, hobbies, occupation, platform preferences, and other game
   ownership information.

   When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect
   information on the type of operating system, device you use.

   We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you
   about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer
   wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at
   the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will
   need to collect certain information about your device such as operating
   system and user identification information.

   We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the
   functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may
   record information such as how often you use the application, the
   events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance
   data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the
   information we store within the analytics software to any personally
   identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.

   Please note that in utilizing certain areas of the Site (e.g.
   purchasing merchandise) or the Game (e.g. purchasing in-game currency),
   you will be requested to provide additional information in order to
   complete a purchase, such as your name, full address, phone number,
   internet protocol address (for fraud tracking purposes) and Our
   shopping cart is hosted by our e-commerce solutions provider. They host
   our ordering system, and collect your billing information directly from
   you for the purpose of processing your order. This company does not use
   this information for any other purpose. Please see Section V below
   regarding how third parties working on behalf of Super Evil use your
   personal information.

   In the event that you choose to create an Account and play the Game, we
   also collect certain information regarding your in-Game performance
   and/or interactions with other users (e.g., wins / losses, recent
   heroes played, average number of kills / deaths etc.). These statistics
   are associated with your in-Game name and are publicly accessible by
   members of the Super Evil community. In addition, we may share your
   in-Game statistics with third parties in accordance with the terms and
   conditions set forth in this Policy. To be clear, no personal
   information about you, such as your email address, IP address, or other
   sensitive information, will be shared as a part of this process.

   B. What Additional Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   (1) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’
   domain names and internet protocol (IP) addresses (the number assigned
   to computers on the Internet). In addition, your web browser or Game
   software may transmit to Super Evil certain geographic information or
   other information regarding your computer, including its capabilities,
   hardware specs and game data processing. No personal information about
   you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous
   “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be
   helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.

   (2) COOKIES. The Site or Game uses Analytics and Performance Cookies.
   These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to the
   Site. The information gathered does not identify any individual
   visitor. The information is aggregated and anonymous. It includes the
   number of visitors to the Site, the websites that referred them to the
   Site, the pages they visited on the Site, what time of day they visited
   the Site, whether they have visited the Site before, and other similar
   information. We use this information to help operate the Site more
   efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the
   level of activity on the Site.

   We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. It is
   only used to improve how the Site works. You can find out more
   information about Google Analytics cookies here:
   https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCo
   okies.

   You can find out more about how Google protects your data here:
   https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.

   You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of the
   Site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via
   this link:
   http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.

   We use the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook, Inc. This
   tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected
   to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are
   thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for
   statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remains
   anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any
   individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by
   Facebook. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook
   account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in
   accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under:
   https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.

   Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to
   show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. In addition, a
   cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.

   Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. If you are
   younger than this age, please consult your legal guardians.

   Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission:
   https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.

   Super Evil also works with Unity Ads and Iron Source to serve ads
   within the game. If you wish to limit behaviorally targeted
   advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device
   settings. Please note that opt-outs are specific to each browser and
   device and it may take a little bit of time before your opt-out will
   take effect.

   Ad networks can use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking
   technologies to collect or receive data about you and might claim
   controller rights over your personal data. For more information about
   their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities, please review their
   privacy policy:
   Unity Ads – https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

   Iron Source –
   https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-
   privacy-policy

   C. Why do we need your personal data?

   We will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable
   data protection and privacy laws. We need certain personal data in
   order to provide you with access to the Site or Game. If you created a
   profile, you will have been asked to check a tick box indicating your
   agreement to provide this data in order to play the Game. This consent
   provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to
   process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at
   any time. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data in line
   with this policy, please do not use the Site or Game.

   D. What Does Super Evil Do With Collected Information?

   (1) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not share your personal information
   with any third parties without your consent, except as necessary to
   provide you with the services offered by us, to comply with the law or
   as otherwise described in this Policy. We may use your personal
   information to verify your identity or to check your qualifications, to
   inform you of any changes to the Site or Game, or to send you
   additional information about Super Evil. We may also use your
   information to contact you should we believe that you are in violation
   of the Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”). If you do not want us
   to share your personal information with these companies, you may
   contact us at: privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   (2) COMPELLED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose
   personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith
   belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with requirements of
   the law or comply with legal process served on Super Evil (b) protect
   and defend the rights or property of Super Evil or the users of the
   Site or Game, or (c) act under unusual, extraordinary or emergency
   circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site
   or Game.

   (3) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our
   business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies
   or assets, including the information collected through the Site or
   otherwise collected in connection with the Game. If Super Evil or
   substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information and
   personal information will be one of the assets transferred to the
   acquirer. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to
   notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site.

   (4) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. At any time you may request access to the
   information that we have from you, or request that we remove all
   information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance
   with Section VII.A below.

   (5) Your data, including personal data that we collect from you, may be
   transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and
   other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including,
   but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy
   regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other
   parts of the world. By using the Site or Game, you agree to this
   transfer, storing or processing. As noted in Section II of this Privacy
   Policy we are a participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and we will
   take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
   securely and in accordance with this policy.

   (6) We will only retain your personal data until you request to close
   your account unless a longer retention period is required or permitted
   by law (for example, for regulatory purposes).

   (7) We do not use your personal data for the purposes of automated
   decision-making. However, we may do so in order to fulfil obligations
   imposed by law, in which case we will inform you of any such processing
   and provide you with an opportunity to object.

   E. Notice Concerning Children

   PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of
   our content specifically at children under 16 years of age. The Site
   and the Game are not intended for children under the age of 16. We
   understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of
   children’s privacy online, and as such do not knowingly collect any
   personal information from any user under age 16. If we learn or have
   reason to suspect that a Site or Game user is under age 16, we will
   promptly delete any personal information in that user’s Account.

   IV. SECURITY

   The Site and the Game have security measures in place to help protect
   against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we
   obtain from you. We store your personal information on our servers,
   which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and
   protected by protocols and procedures designed to protect the security
   of such information. In addition, we restrict access to personal
   information to Super Evil employees, independent contractors and agents
   who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and
   maintain the Site and the Game. However, no server, computer or
   communications network or system, or data transmission over the
   Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we
   strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the
   security of any information you transmit to us through the use of the
   Game or the Site and we make no assurances about our ability to prevent
   any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party. You acknowledge
   and agree that you provide such information and engage in such
   transmissions at your own risk.

   When you enter information, we encrypt the transmission of that
   information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you have any
   questions about the security of your personal information, you can
   contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   V. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND OUR CONTROL

   A. Third Party Websites

   The Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit other
   websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content
   of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the
   privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and
   agree with their policies.

   B. Opt-Out Preferences

   Opt-out. You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing
   communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii)
   our collection of sensitive personal data; (iv) any new processing of
   your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose;
   or (v) the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA. Please note
   that your use of some of the Site or Game may be ineffective upon
   opt-out.

   Access. You may access the data we hold about you at any time by
   contacting us directly.

   Amend. You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in
   your personal data.

   Move. Your data is portable – i.e. you to have the flexibility to move
   your data to other service providers as you wish.

   Erase and forget. In certain situations, for example when the data we
   hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request
   that we erase your data.

   You may contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com or 400 1st Ave, San
   Mateo, CA, 94401, USA anytime for any other questions you may have
   about your personal data and our use of such personal data.

   VI. SERVICE PROVIDERS

   We may share your personal information with service providers that we
   engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your
   behalf, such as to fulfill product orders, collect billing information
   and process payments. While providing services for us, these companies
   may access your personal information.

   To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this
   Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Some of
   the pages within the Site utilize masking techniques to serve content
   to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our
   Site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information
   to these third parties, and are doing so pursuant to the third party’s
   privacy policy.

   VII. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES

   A. Contacting Us

   If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices regarding
   your personal information related to the Site or Game, or if you would
   like to have us remove your information from our database and
   deactivate your Account, please feel contact us at
   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com. Upon request Super Evil will provide you
   with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third
   party, any of your personal information. If your personally
   identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our
   service, you may correct, update or amend it by emailing our Customer
   Support at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com, or by contacting us by postal
   mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your
   request to access within 30 days of receipt of the request. Please note
   that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your
   Account and applicable services.

   B. Updates and Changes

   We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our
   information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify
   you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
   by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming
   effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the
   latest information on our privacy practices.

   BY USING THE SITE AND/OR THE GAME, YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ,
   UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT
   AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR THE GAME.

   C. Additional Policies

   There are additional Super Evil legal policies that govern your use of
   the Site and the Game. Please take time to review and familiarize
   yourself with the Terms of Use.

   Effective Date: June 19, 2019

Open A Ticket

Open A Ticket

   * Required
     __________________________________________________________________

   [contact-form-7 id="4" title="Open A Ticket"]

Download Vainglory App Now

Download Vainglory App Now

   Play for free
   Play for free
   Play for free

   ©2015 Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo
   are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.
   #Vainglory » Feed Vainglory » Comments Feed Vainglory » Posts by Joseph
   Easter Feed

   [tr?id=284452198416460&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Vainglory
   Download Vainglory on Google Play
   Download Vainglory in the App Store
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support

   Download For Free
   [English__]
     * Home
     * Game
     * Heroes
     * Academy
     * News
     * Community
     * Support
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Twitch

     * English
     * /
     * 日本語
     * /
     * 한국어

     * Vainglory Fire
     * Vainglory Twitch
     * Vainglory YouTube
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Vainglory Facebook
     * Vainglory Reddit
     * Vainglory VK
     * Vainglory Twitter

Nothing Found

   It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. Perhaps searching can
   help.
   Search for: ____________________ Search

   Vainglory

   © Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo are
   trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.

   Privacy Policy | Fan Content Policy | Terms Of Use
   Vainglory

   Top

Terms Of Use Agreement

Terms Of Use Agreement
     __________________________________________________________________

   Last Modified: September 8, 2014

   Vainglory™ (the “Game”) is a free-to-play, session-based, multiplayer
   online battle arena game developed and operated by Super Evil MegaCorp
   (“Super Evil”). For purposes of this Agreement (defined below), “you”
   and “your” mean the user of the platform on which the Game will be or
   has been installed.

   PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT (THIS “TERMS OF USE” OR
   "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW, OR BY
   PARTICIPATING IN THE GAME, OR BY USING THE HTTP://WWW.VAINGLORYGAME.COM
   OR HTTP://FORUMS.VAINGLORYGAME.COM WEBSITES AND RELATED WEBPAGES (THE
   “SITE”), YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN
   CONTRACT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE
   AGREEMENT, CLICK ON THE BUTTON THAT INDICATES THAT YOU DO NOT AGREE TO
   ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT (IF APPLICABLE) AND DO NOT
   PARTICIPATE IN THE GAME OR USE THE SITE.

I. LIMITED USE LICENSE

   The Site and the Game are available for use only by authorized end
   users in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
   Agreement. In addition to this Agreement. The Site, and the Game
   (collectively, the “Properties”) are provided for your individual,
   non-commercial, entertainment purposes only. Except as may be expressly
   permitted by Super Evil, you may not sell, copy, exchange, transfer,
   publish, assign or otherwise distribute anything you copy or derive
   from the Properties.

II. REQUIREMENTS

   In using the Site, and/or by clicking “accept” when you install the
   Software, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree with
   the terms of this Agreement. You are wholly responsible for the cost of
   all internet connection fees, along with all equipment, servicing, or
   repair costs necessary to allow you access to the Game.

III. ACCOUNT INFORMATION

   A. General. While some elements of the Site and the Game may be
   generally accessed by the public, certain aspects of the Site and the
   Game (e.g. posting in the Forums, as defined below) require you to
   create an Account by providing Super Evil with certain personal
   information, specifically, your email address and date of birth. You
   agree that you will supply accurate and complete information to Super
   Evil, and that you will update that information promptly after it
   changes. The information will be used by Super Evil for a variety of
   internal purposes, including without limitation, to maintain the
   Account, to ensure that your Account is unique, to deal with security,
   debugging and technical support issues, and for possible
   payment-related issues. You acknowledge that, if any information
   provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Super
   Evil reserves the right to terminate this Agreement, your Account,
   and/or your use of the Game. Please note that in utilizing certain
   areas of the Site or the Game, you will be requested to provide
   additional information in order to complete a purchase, such as your
   name, full address, credit card information or other payment
   information as appropriate to the selected payment method.

   B. Eligibility. Only “natural persons,” as opposed to any kinds of
   legal entities (e.g., corporations, limited liability companies, and/or
   partnerships), shall have the privilege of establishing an Account. By
   entering into this Agreement and creating an Account, you represent
   that you have the legal capacity to enter into a contract in the
   jurisdiction where you reside. You agree to comply with this Agreement
   on behalf of yourself and, at your discretion, any minor children for
   whom you are the parent or legal guardian and whom you have authorized
   to play the Game using your Account. You further agree that you are
   entirely liable for all activities conducted through your Account, and
   are responsible for ensuring that you and/or your child is aware of,
   understands, and complies with the terms of this Agreement and any and
   all other Super Evil rules, policies, notices and/or agreements.

   THE SITE AND THE GAME ARE NOT DIRECTED AT CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF
   AGE, NOR DOES SUPER EVIL KNOWINGLY COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
   UNDER 13. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONALLY
   IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO SUPER EVIL.

   C. Login Credentials. In creating an Account, you will be required to
   select a unique username and password (collectively, “Login
   Credentials”), which you will use each time you access the Game using
   your Account. You may not share your Account with anyone other than as
   expressly set forth herein, and you are entirely responsible for
   maintaining the confidentiality of your Login Credentials and for any
   and all activities (including purchases and charges, as applicable)
   that are conducted through your Account. Please notify Super Evil
   immediately if you become aware of any breach of security, including
   any loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your Login Credentials.

   D. Account Sales. The Account supplied to you is personal to you, and
   Super Evil does not recognize and expressly forbids the transfer of
   user Accounts. You shall not purchase, sell, gift or trade any Account,
   or make any such offer, and any attempt shall be null and void. Any
   distribution by you of your Account and/or your Login Credentials
   (except as expressly provided herein or otherwise explicitly approved
   of by Super Evil) may result in suspension or termination of your
   Account.

   E. Suspension/Termination.

   1. By Super Evil. SUPER EVIL RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SUSPEND, TERMINATE,
   MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON,
   WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU, AND WITH NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND TO
   YOU. Additionally, Super Evil may stop offering and/or supporting the
   Game at any time. For purposes of explanation and not limitation, most
   Account suspensions, terminations and/or deletions are the result of
   violation of this Agreement. Accounts terminated by Super Evil shall
   not be reinstated under any conditions whatsoever.

   2. By You. You may terminate your Account at any time, for any reason
   or no reason, by contacting Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com.

IV. OWNERSHIP

   A. Intellectual Property. All rights and title in and to the
   Properties, and all content included therein (including, without
   limitation, user Accounts, computer code, titles, objects, artifacts,
   characters, character names, locations, location names, stories, story
   lines, dialog, catch phrases, artwork, graphics, structural or
   landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and
   recordings, audio-visual effects, character likenesses, and methods of
   operation) are owned by Super Evil or its licensors. The Properties,
   and all content therein are protected by United States and other
   international intellectual property laws. Super Evil and its licensors
   reserve all rights in connection with the Properties, including,
   without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works
   therefrom. You agree that you will not create any work of authorship
   based on the Properties except as expressly permitted by Super Evil.
   Additionally, except as otherwise set forth in this Section IV.A, Super
   Evil does not authorize you to make any use whatsoever of any Super
   Evil trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names,
   taglines, and/or trade dress (collectively, the "Super Evil Marks")
   under any circumstances without a written license agreement. Any
   reproduction, redistribution, or modification of the Properties, or use
   of the Properties not in accordance with the this Agreement, is
   expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal
   penalties.

   B. Game Assets, Virtual Items. When using the Game, you may accumulate
   in-Game assets associated with your Account, including, without
   limitation, objects, artifacts, currency, items, equipment, and/or
   other value or status indicators (“Game Assets”) that reside on servers
   operated by Super Evil as data. You acknowledge and agree that such
   Game Assets are accumulated as part of your Account and therefore you
   shall have no ownership or other property interest in any of those Game
   Assets. You further acknowledge and agree that Super Evil has the
   right, but not the obligation, to delete, alter, move, remove, or
   transfer any and all Game Assets, in whole or in part, at any time and
   for any reason, with or without notice to you, and with no liability of
   any kind to you. Super Evil does not provide or guarantee, and
   expressly disclaims any value, cash or otherwise, attributed to any
   data residing on servers operated by Super Evil, including without
   limitation the Game Assets associated with your Account.

   C. Unsolicited Idea Submissions. Super Evil values your feedback on its
   services and products, but please do not submit any creative ideas,
   suggestions or materials. Neither Super Evil nor any of its employees
   and/or contractors accept or consider unsolicited ideas, original
   creative artwork or other works, including, without limitation, ideas
   or suggestions for new or improved games or technologies, game or
   product enhancements, marketing plans or names for new games
   (collectively “Unsolicited Ideas”). Please do not send your Unsolicited
   Ideas to Super Evil or its employees and/or contractors. This policy is
   aimed at avoiding potential misunderstandings or disputes when Super
   Evil’ products or services might seem similar to Unsolicited Ideas that
   are submitted. If you do submit your Unsolicited Ideas to Super Evil or
   to any of its employees and/or contractors despite this policy, then
   you hereby acknowledge and agree that, from the time of transmission or
   dispatch, you grant Super Evil and its designees a worldwide,
   perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, transferable, assignable,
   non-exclusive and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce,
   distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works of,
   publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made,
   sell, offer for sale and import your Unsolicited Ideas, including,
   without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents,
   industrial rights and all other intellectual and proprietary rights
   related thereto, in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any
   purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, including, without
   limitation, giving the Unsolicited Ideas to others, without any
   compensation to you. To the extent necessary, you agree that you
   undertake to execute and deliver any and all documents and perform any
   and all actions necessary or desirable to ensure that the rights to use
   the Unsolicited Ideas granted to Super Evil as specified above are
   valid, effective and enforceable. You also give up any claim that any
   use by Super Evil and/or its licensees of your Unsolicited Ideas
   violates any of your rights, including but not limited to moral rights,
   privacy rights, rights to publicity, proprietary or other rights,
   and/or rights to credit for the material or ideas set for therein.

V. CODE OF CONDUCT

   While using any of the Properties, you agree to comply with all
   applicable laws, rules and regulations. You also agree to comply with
   certain additional rules that govern your use of the Properties (the
   "Code of Conduct"). The Code of Conduct is not meant to be exhaustive,
   and Super Evil reserves the right to modify this Code of Conduct at any
   time, as well as take appropriate disciplinary measures including
   Account termination and deletion to protect the integrity and spirit of
   the Properties, regardless of whether a specific behavior is listed
   here as prohibited. The following are examples of behavior that warrant
   disciplinary measures:

   A. Impersonating any person, business, or entity, including an employee
   of Super Evil, or communicating in any way that makes it appear that
   the communication originates from Super Evil;

   B. Posting identifying information about yourself, or any other user,
   to the Site or within the Game;

   C. Harassing, stalking, or threatening any other users in the Game;

   D. Removing, altering or concealing any copyright, trademark, patent or
   other proprietary rights notices of Super Evil contained in the Site,
   the Game and/or the Software. You also may not transmit content that
   violates or infringes the rights of others, including without
   limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity,
   personal rights or other proprietary or non-proprietary rights;

   E. Transmitting or communicating any content which, in the sole and
   exclusive discretion of Super Evil, is deemed offensive, including, but
   not limited to, language that is unlawful, harmful, threatening,
   abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, or
   racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;

   F. Transmitting or facilitating the transmission of any content that
   contains a virus, corrupted data, trojan horse, bot keystroke logger,
   worm, time bomb, cancelbot or other computer programming routines that
   are intended to and/or actually damage, detrimentally interfere with,
   surreptitiously intercept or mine, scrape or expropriate any system,
   data or personal information;

   G. Spamming chat, whether for personal or commercial purposes, by
   disrupting the flow of conversation with repeated postings of a similar
   nature;

   H. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, "exploits" an undocumented aspect of the Game
   in order to secure an unfair advantage over other users;

   I. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive
   judgment of Super Evil, defrauds any other user of the Game, including,
   but not limited to, by "scamming" or "social engineering;”

   J. Using any unauthorized third party programs, including but not
   limited to "mods," "hacks," "cheats," "scripts," "bots," "trainers,"
   and automation programs, that interact with the Software in any way,
   for any purpose, including, without limitation, any unauthorized third
   party programs that intercept, emulate, or redirect any communication
   between the Software and Super Evil and any unauthorized third party
   programs that collect information about the Game by reading areas of
   memory used by the Software to store information;

   K. Accessing or attempting to access areas of the Game or Game servers
   that have not been made available to the public;

   L. Selecting a name that is falsely indicative of an association with
   Super Evil, contains personally identifying information, infringes on
   the proprietary or non-proprietary rights of third parties, or that is
   offensive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, racially,
   ethnically, or otherwise objectionable. You may not use a misspelling
   or an alternative spelling to circumvent this restriction on name
   choices. Super Evil may modify any name which, in the sole and
   exclusive judgment of Super Evil, violates this provision without
   further notification to you, and may take further disciplinary
   measures, including Account termination, for repeated violations; or

VI. USER CONTENT

   A. Ownership. “Content” means any communications, images, sounds, and
   all the material and information that you upload or transmit through
   the Site or the Game, or that other users upload or transmit,
   including, without limitation, any Forum (defined below) postings.

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that you remain fully responsible for
   and are the owner of any and all Content. However, you grant Super Evil
   from the time of uploading or transmission of the Content through any
   channel, non-exclusively, all now known or hereafter existing
   copyrights and all other intellectual property rights to all Content of
   every kind and nature, in perpetuity (or for the maximum duration of
   protection afforded by applicable law), throughout the universe and you
   hereby grant Super Evil as a present non-exclusive license of future
   rights all such intellectual property rights to the extent owned by
   you. In the event that any of the Content is not licensable, you hereby
   grant to Super Evil and its licensors, including, without limitation,
   its respective successors and assigns, a perpetual, irrevocable,
   sublicensable, transferable, worldwide, paid-up right to reproduce,
   fix, adapt, modify, translate, reformat, transmit, or provide access to
   electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public by
   telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and
   use and practice such Content as well as all modified and derivative
   works thereof, without compensation to you. To the extent necessary,
   you agree that you will undertake to execute and deliver any and all
   documents and perform any and all actions necessary or desirable to
   ensure that the rights to use the Content granted to Super Evil as
   specified above are valid, effective and enforceable. You also hereby
   waive any moral rights you may have in such Content under the laws of
   any jurisdiction to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your
   jurisdiction. You represent, warrant and agree that none of the Content
   will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality,
   attribution or otherwise, on the part of Super Evil and Super Evil will
   not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content. You further
   acknowledge and agree that you shall not upload or otherwise transmit
   on or through the Site or the Game any Content that is subject to any
   third-party rights.

   B. Consent to Monitoring. Super Evil does not, and cannot, pre-screen
   or monitor all Content. However, its representatives may monitor and/or
   record your communications (including, without limitation, Forum
   postings and/or Chat) when you are playing the Game or using the Site,
   and you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and
   recording. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of
   privacy concerning the submission of any Content. Super Evil does not
   assume any responsibility or liability for Content that is generated by
   users of the Site and/or Game. Super Evil has the right but not the
   obligation, in its sole discretion, to edit, refuse to post, or remove
   any Content. Furthermore, Super Evil also reserves the right, at all
   times and in its sole discretion, to disclose any Content for any
   reason, including, without limitation (i) to satisfy any applicable
   law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) to enforce
   the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement; (iii) to protect
   the legal rights and remedies of Super Evil; (iv) where someone’s
   health or safety may be threatened; or (v) to report a crime or other
   offensive behavior. Please take care to not provide any personally
   identifiable information in the Chat or the Forums and to abide by the
   Code of Conduct, understanding that you do not have an expectation of
   privacy in the Content you provide in the Chat or Forums, and that
   members of Super Evil and the Community, outside of those you play
   directly with or against in the Game, might have access to the
   information in the Chat or the Forums at any time.

   C. Forums. If you have a valid and active Account, you may post
   communications and other content to the “forums” section of the Site
   (the “Forums”). You agree to abide by the Code of Conduct, as well as
   the policy concerning Links (found below) while participating in the
   Forums. You understand that much of the information included in the
   Forums is from other players who are not employed by or under the
   control of Super Evil. You further acknowledge that a large volume of
   information is available in the Forums and that people participating in
   such Forums may occasionally post messages or make statements, whether
   intentionally or unintentionally, that are inaccurate, misleading,
   deceptive, abusive or even unlawful. Super Evil neither endorses nor is
   responsible for such messages or statements, or for any opinion,
   advice, information or other utterance made or displayed in the Forums
   by you or the other users. The opinions expressed in the Forums reflect
   solely the opinions of you and/or the other users and may not reflect
   the opinions of Super Evil. Super Evil is not responsible for any
   errors or omissions in postings, for hyperlinks embedded in messages or
   for any results obtained from the use of the information contained in
   the Forums. Under no circumstances will Super Evil be liable for any
   loss or damage caused by your reliance on the information in the Forums
   or your use of the Forums. You should be aware that, when you disclose
   information about yourself in a Forum, the information is being made
   publicly available and may be collected and used by other users. When
   you disclose any information in a Forum, you do so at your own risk.
   Super Evil reserves the right to, but has no obligation to, monitor the
   Forums, or any postings or other materials that you or other players
   transmit or post on the Forums, to alter or remove any such materials,
   and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their
   transmission to any third party in order to operate the Site properly
   or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.

VII. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS

   A. Agreement. Super Evil reserves the right, in its sole and absolute
   discretion, to revise, update, change, modify, add to, supplement, or
   delete certain terms of this Agreement as the Properties evolve;
   provided, however, that material changes to this Agreement will not be
   applied retroactively. Such changes will be effective with or without
   prior notice to you. You can review the most current version of this
   Agreement by clicking on the “Terms of Use” link located at the bottom
   of the Site. You are responsible for checking this Agreement
   periodically for changes. If any future changes to this Agreement are
   unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in agreement or
   compliance with this Agreement, you must terminate this Agreement and
   immediately stop using the Properties. Your continued use of any of the
   Properties following any revision to this Agreement constitutes your
   complete and irrevocable acceptance of any and all such changes. If at
   any time you do not agree with any portion of the then-current version
   of a particular Super Evil policy, including but not limited to this
   Agreement, you must immediately stop using the Properties.

   B. The Properties. In an effort to improve the Properties, you agree
   that Super Evil may change, modify, update, suspend, “nerf,” or
   restrict your access to any features or parts of the Properties,
   including purchased or unlockable content, and may require that you
   download and install updates to the Software, at any time without
   notice or liability to you. You also understand and agree that any such
   changes or updates to the Properties might change the system
   specifications necessary to play the Game, and in such a case, you, and
   not Super Evil, are responsible for purchasing any necessary additional
   software and/or hardware in order to access and play the Game.

VIII. LINKS

   The Site may contain links to websites operated by other parties. Super
   Evil provides these links to you as a convenience, or other users might
   be posting these links as user-provided Content. Use of these links and
   the external websites are at your own risk. The linked sites are not
   under the control of Super Evil, and Super Evil is not responsible for
   the content available on the other sites. Such links do not imply
   endorsement by Super Evil of information or material on any other site,
   and Super Evil disclaims all liability with regard to your access to
   and use of such linked websites.

   Should you choose to provide a link on the Site or within the Game
   (e.g., on the Forums or via Chat) to an external website, unless
   otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and Super Evil,
   you acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) the appearance,
   position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or
   dilute the goodwill associated with Super Evil’ and/or its licensors’
   names and trademarks; (ii) the appearance, position and other
   attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your
   organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated
   with Super Evil; (iii) when selected by a user, the link must display
   the external website on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the
   linking Site; and (iv) Super Evil reserves the right to revoke its
   consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.

IX. FEES

   Some aspects of the Game may require you to pay a fee, and you agree
   that you will provide accurate and complete payment information to the
   third-party payment provider used by Super Evil. You further agree to
   pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an
   Account registered to you. Super Evil may revise the pricing for the
   Game or any item associated therewith at any time. All fees and charges
   are payable in accordance with payment terms in effect at the time the
   fee or the charge becomes due and payable. Super Evil may, from time to
   time, modify, amend, or supplement its fees and fee-billing methods,
   and such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting in this
   Agreement or elsewhere on the Site or in the Game. If there is a
   dispute regarding payment of fees to Super Evil, your Account may be
   closed without warning or notice at the sole discretion of Super Evil.

   YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY APPLICABLE FEES AND OTHER CHARGES
   FOR FEE-BASED SERVICES ARE PAYABLE IN ADVANCE AND NOT REFUNDABLE IN
   WHOLE OR IN PART. YOU ARE FULLY LIABLE FOR ALL CHARGES TO YOUR ACCOUNT,
   INCLUDING ANY UNAUTHORIZED CHARGES.

   X. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (DMCA) If
   you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content
   posted on the Site by a Super Evil user infringes upon your copyright,
   please submit notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
   (17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) to the Super Evil Copyright Agent with the
   following information:

   A. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act
   on behalf of the owner of the copyright;

   B. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
   infringed;

   C. The URL of the location on the Super Evil Site containing the
   material that you claim is infringing;

   D. Your address, telephone number, and email address;

   E. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
   disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
   the law; and

   F. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
   information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
   owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

   Super Evil’s Copyright Agent can be reached by mail at: Super Evil Mega
   Corp, 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, ATTN: Copyright Agent; or by
   email at: support@superevilmegacorp.com. Attachments cannot be accepted
   at the email address for security reasons. Accordingly, any
   notification of infringement submitted electronically with an
   attachment will not be received or processed. Please note that these
   notifications are legal notices, and that Super Evil may provide copies
   of such notices to the participants in the dispute or to third parties,
   at its discretion or as required by law.

XI. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

   THE PROPERTIES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”
   BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUPER EVIL
   DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHICH MIGHT APPLY TO THE
   PROPERTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
   NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
   ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
   PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, AND ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY,
   RELIABILITY OR QUALITY OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN
   THE PROPERTIES. SUPER EVIL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROPERTIES WILL BE
   UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT
   THE PROPERTIES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU
   ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE PROPERTIES TO ACHIEVE YOUR
   INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS
   OBTAINED FROM THE PROPERTIES.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of
   implied warranties, the forgoing disclaimer may, in whole or in part,
   not apply to you.

XII. INDEMNIFICATION

   YOU HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS SUPER EVIL FROM
   AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LAWSUITS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES
   AND COSTS (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) THAT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISE
   OR RESULT FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES, OR ANY VIOLATION
   BY YOU OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. Super Evil reserves
   the right, at its own expense and in its sole and absolute discretion,
   to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise
   subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate
   with Super Evil in asserting any available defenses.

XIII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

   UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL Super
   Evil BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
   (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF
   DATA, LOSS OF GOOD WILL, OR LOST PROFITS), OR ANY DAMAGES FOR GROSS
   NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR WORK
   STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL
   DAMAGES OR LOSSES) ARISING FROM YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE PROPERTIES,
   EVEN IF Super Evil KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
   DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL Super Evil BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN
   EXCESS OF ANY AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO Super Evil FOR GAME-RELATED
   TRANSACTIONS, IF ANY, DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO
   THE TIME YOUR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.

   Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the
   limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in
   such states or jurisdictions, the liability of Super Evil shall be
   limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

XIV. EQUITABLE REMEDIES

   You hereby acknowledge and agree that Super Evil would suffer
   irreparable harm if this Agreement were not specifically enforced.
   Consequently, in addition to such monetary and other relief as may be
   recoverable at law, you agree that Super Evil shall be entitled to
   specific performance or other injunctive relief, without bond, other
   security, or proof of damages, as remedy for any breach or threatened
   breach of this Agreement. Additionally, in the event any legal or
   administrative action or proceeding is brought by either party in
   connection with this Agreement and consistent with Section XV below,
   the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to
   recover from the other party all the costs, attorneys’ fees and other
   expenses incurred by such prevailing party as the result of the action
   or proceeding.

XV. NEGOTIATIONS, BINDING ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW

   A. Negotiations. Disputes can be expensive and time consuming for both
   parties. In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of
   any dispute or claim related to this Agreement (“Claim”), you and Super
   Evil agree to first attempt to informally negotiate any Claim for at
   least thirty (30) days (except those Claims expressly excluded in
   Section XV.F below). Super Evil will send its notice to the address it
   has on file to the extent that you have provided additional contact
   information to Super Evil (e.g. by participating in a promotion or
   survey, or contacting a customer services representative). Otherwise,
   Super Evil will send its notice to the email address associated with
   your Account. You will send your notice to Super Evil Mega Corp 400 1st
   Avenue, San Mateo, CA 94401, Attn: Legal Department. Please note that
   this informal resolution procedure does not suspend any statutory
   limitation periods applicable to the bringing of a Claim.

   B. Binding Arbitration. If the parties fail to resolve a Claim through
   negotiations, within such thirty (30)-day period, either you or Super
   Evil may elect to have the Claim (except as otherwise provided in
   Section XV.F) finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration
   by sending a written notice requesting arbitration to the other party.
   Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on
   the other. The arbitration will be conducted under the Commercial
   Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”)
   and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer
   Related Disputes (“AAA Consumer Rules”) that are in effect at the time
   the arbitration is initiated and under the terms set forth in this
   Agreement. Both the AAA Rules and the AAA Consumer Rules can be found
   at the AAA website, www.adr.org. In the event of a conflict between the
   terms set forth in this Section XV.B and either the AAA Rules or the
   AAA Consumer Rules, the terms in this Section XV.B will control and
   prevail.

   Except as otherwise set forth in Section XV.F, you may seek any
   remedies available to you under federal, state or local laws in an
   arbitration action. As part of the arbitration, both you and Super Evil
   will have the opportunity for discovery of non-privileged information
   that is relevant to the Claim. The arbitrator will provide a written
   statement of the arbitrator’s decision regarding the Claim, the award
   given and the arbitrator’s findings and conclusions on which the
   arbitrator’s decision is based. The determination of whether a Claim is
   subject to arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act
   and determined by a court rather than an arbitrator. Except as
   otherwise provided in this Agreement, (i) you and Super Evil may
   litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending
   arbitration, or confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award
   entered by the arbitrator; and (ii) the arbitrator’s decision is final,
   binding on all parties and enforceable in any court that has
   jurisdiction, provided that any award may be challenged if the
   arbitrator fails to follow applicable law.

   BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND
   Super Evil ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL.

   C. Arbitration Fees. If we are initiating arbitration for a Claim, we
   will pay all costs charged by the AAA Rules for initiating the
   arbitration. Your share of all other fees and costs of the arbitration,
   including your share of arbitrator compensation, will be charged
   pursuant to the AAA Rules, and where appropriate, limited by the AAA
   Consumer Rules. Where your share of the costs is deemed to be excessive
   by the arbitrator, Super Evil will pay all arbitration fees and
   expenses.

   D. Location. The arbitration will take place in your hometown area if
   you so notify Super Evil in your notice of arbitration or within ten
   (10) days following receipt of Super Evil’ arbitration notice. In the
   absence of a notice to conduct the arbitration in your hometown area,
   the arbitration will be conducted in Los Angeles, California, unless
   the parties agree to video, phone and/or internet connection
   appearances. Any Claim not subject to arbitration (other than claims
   proceeding in any small claims court), or where no election to
   arbitrate has been made, shall be decided exclusively by a court of
   competent jurisdiction in San Mateo, California, United States of
   America, and you and Super Evil agree to submit to the personal
   jurisdiction of that court.

   E. Limitations. You and Super Evil agree that any arbitration shall be
   limited to the Claim between Super Evil and you individually. YOU AND
   Super Evil AGREE THAT (A) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY
   DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS
   ACTION PROCEDURES; (B) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE
   TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR AS A PRIVATE
   ATTORNEY GENERAL; AND (C) NO ARBITRATION SHALL BE JOINED WITH ANY
   OTHER.

   F. Exceptions to Negotiations and Arbitration. You and Super Evil agree
   that the following Claims are not subject to the above provisions
   concerning negotiations and binding arbitration: (i) any Claims seeking
   to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of your or
   Super Evil’ intellectual property rights; (ii) any Claim related to, or
   arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or
   unauthorized use; and (iii) any claim for equitable relief. In addition
   to the foregoing, either party may assert an individual action in small
   claims court for Claims that are within the scope of such courts’
   jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration.

   G. Governing Law. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this
   Agreement shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws
   of the United States of America and the law of the State of California,
   without regard to conflict of law principles. The application of the
   United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
   Goods is expressly excluded. Other laws may apply if you choose to
   access the Game from outside of the United States. In such an event,
   those local laws shall affect this Agreement only to the extent
   necessary in that jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be interpreted
   to give maximum effect to the terms and conditions in this Agreement.
   You are responsible for compliance with all local laws if and to the
   extent local laws are applicable. The New Zealand Consumer Guarantees
   Act of 1993 (the “Act”) may apply to the Game if you access the Game
   from, and are a resident of, New Zealand. Notwithstanding anything to
   the contrary in this Agreement, if the Act applies then you may have
   other rights or remedies as set out in the Act which may apply in
   addition to or instead of those set out in this Agreement.

   H. Severability. You and Super Evil agree that if any portion this
   Section XV is found illegal or unenforceable (except any portion of
   Section XV.F), that portion shall be severed and the remainder of the
   Section shall be given full force and effect. If Section XV.F is found
   to be illegal or unenforceable then neither you nor Super Evil will
   elect to arbitrate any Claim falling within that portion of Section
   XV.F found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Claim shall be
   exclusively decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within Los
   Angeles, State of California, United States of America, and you and
   Super Evil agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.

XVI. TERMINATION

   This Agreement (and all subsequent modifications, if any) shall remain
   effective until terminated. Both you and Super Evil may terminate this
   Agreement at any time for any reason or for no reason. Termination by
   Super Evil will be effective upon notice to you, termination or
   deletion of your Account, or its decision to permanently discontinue
   offering and/or supporting the Game, which it may do at any time in its
   sole discretion. You may terminate this Agreement at any time simply by
   not using the Site or the Game. If, however, you wish to terminate your
   Account, you must affirmatively do so by notifying Super Evil at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com as stated above. Upon termination of this
   Agreement, your right to use the Properties shall immediately cease.

XVII. MISCELLANEOUS

   A. Assignment. Super Evil may assign this Agreement, in whole or in
   part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent.
   You may not assign the Agreement without Super Evil’s prior written
   consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be null and void.

   B. Customer Contact. If you have any questions concerning these terms
   and conditions, or if you would like to contact Super Evil for any
   other reason, please contact Super Evil support at
   support@superevilmegacorp.com, or visit the “support” tab on the Site.

   C. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the complete agreement
   between you and Super Evil concerning the Site, the Game, and the
   subject matter of the Agreement, and supersedes any prior or
   contemporaneous agreements between you and Super Evil.

   D. Force Majeure. Super Evil shall not be liable for any delay or
   failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control
   of Super Evil, including, without limitation, any failure to perform
   hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Super Evil’s
   control such as acts of god, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of
   civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or
   shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or
   materials.

   E. Location. The Site and the Game are operated by Super Evil in the
   United States. Those who choose to access the Site and/or the Game from
   locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and
   are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The Software
   is subject to United States export controls.

   F. No Partnership. You agree that no joint venture, partnership,
   employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Super Evil as
   a result of this Agreement or your use of the Site or the Game.

   G. No Waiver. Super Evil’s failure to enforce any provision of this
   Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver
   of such provision, nor in any way affect the right of any party to
   enforce each and every such provision thereafter. The express waiver by
   Super Evil of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement
   shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with
   such provision, condition or requirement.

   H. Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices
   given by you or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and
   addressed to: Super Evil Mega Corp at 400 1st Avenue, San Mateo, CA
   94401.

   I. Reform and Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held
   to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be
   reformed to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum
   extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the
   remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
   If, however, it is determined that such provision cannot be reformed,
   then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and
   shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
   provisions.

   J. Section Headings. The section headings used herein are for
   convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
   Agreement or have any other legal effect.

   K. Survival. The provisions of Sections IV, VI.A, IX, XI-XV, and XVII
   shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

   YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING
   TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT SELECTING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON
   BELOW AND/OR YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE PROPERTIES IS AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF
   YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
   AGREEMENT.

Privacy Policy

   Vainglory

Privacy Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

   I. INTRODUCTION

   Super Evil Mega Corp, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (“Super Evil”) is
   committed to respecting the privacy rights of the customers, visitors,
   and other users of Super Evil’s free-to-play computer game, Vainglory
   (the “Game”) and its related websites, including
   http://www.vainglorygame.com, and http://www.superevilmegacorp.com
   (collectively, the “Site”) and our mobile application. We created this
   Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you, the user, confidence as you
   visit and use the Site or the Game, and to demonstrate our commitment
   to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. By
   visiting the Site or using the Game, you consent to our collection,
   use, storage, deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as
   set forth in this Policy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site
   and the Game, and not to any other third-party websites that you may be
   able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection
   and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.

   If you have questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you should
   first contact privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   II. GENERAL INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

   A. General Disclosure

   For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, the data
   controller of your personal data is Super Evil Megacorp Inc. of 119 S B
   St, Ste A, San Mateo, CA, 94001, USA. Our EU Representative can be
   contacted by mailing them at one of the following addresses. Please
   make sure to address your letters to the DPR Group and not Super Evil
   Megacorp.
   Country Address
   Austria DPR Group, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020,
   Austria
   Belgium DPR Group, Place de L’Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals
   Brabant, 1348, Belgium
   Bulgaria DPR Group, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria
   Croatia DPR Group, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32,
   Zagreb, 10000, Croatia
   Cyprus DPR Group, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue,
   Limassol, 3030, Cyprus
   Czech Republic DPR Group, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91,
   Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, Czech Republic
   Denmark DPR Group, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark
   Estonia DPR Group, 2^nd Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia
   Finland DPR Group, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki,
   00100, Finland
   France DPR Group, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
   Germany DPR Group, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067,
   Germany
   Greece DPR Group, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece
   Hungary DPR Group, EMKE Building, Rákóczi Út 42, Budapest, 1072,
   Hungary
   Ireland DPR Group, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY,
   Republic of Ireland
   Italy DPR Group, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073 , Turin, Italy
   Latvia DPR Group, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011,
   Latvia
   Lithuania DPR Group, Vilniaus g.31, Vilnius, LT- 01402, Lithuania
   Luxembourg DPR Group, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre,
   Luxembourg
   Malta DPR Group, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street,
   Swatar, BKR4013, Malta
   Netherlands DPR Group, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081
   CN, Netherlands
   Poland DPR Group, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403,
   Poland
   Portugal DPR Group, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor,
   Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, Portugal
   Romania DPR Group, World Trade Centre, Piata Montreal no 10, Entrance
   F, 1st Floor, Sector 1, Bucharest, 11469, Romania
   Slovakia DPR Group, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D
   Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
   Slovenia DPR Group, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000,
   Slovenia
   Spain DPR Group, Puerta de las Naciones, Ribera del Loira 46, Madrid,
   28042, Spain
   Sweden DPR Group, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE – 211 46,
   Sweden
   United Kingdom DPR Group, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London,
   United Kingdom


   Subject to the next paragraph, we ask that you not send us, and you do
   not disclose, any sensitive personal data (e.g., social security
   numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political
   opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic
   characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or
   through the Site or Game or otherwise to us.

   If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us when you
   submit user-generated content to the Site or Game, you consent to our
   processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with
   this policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such
   sensitive personal data, you must not submit such user generated
   content to the Site or the Game.

   B. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield

   Super Evil participates in and has certified its compliance with the
   EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Super Evil is committed to subjecting
   all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries,
   in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s
   applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield
   Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

   Super Evil is responsible for the processing of personal data it
   receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently
   transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Super Evil
   complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of
   personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability
   provisions.

   With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the
   Privacy Shield Framework, Super Evil is subject to the regulatory
   enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements.

   In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Super Evil commits to
   resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal
   information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our
   Privacy Shield policy should first contact Super Evil at:

   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com

   Super Evil has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
   complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located
   in the US. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
   complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your
   satisfaction, please contact or visit
   https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to
   file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

   Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome, you may invoke binding
   arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been
   exhausted.

   III. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE PRACTICES

   A. What Basic Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   We typically collect personal information that you provide to us on a
   voluntary basis, and you may visit areas on the Site without choosing
   to do so. However, in order to use certain parts of the Site and/or
   log-on to play the Game, you will be required to create an account by
   providing us your email address and selecting a unique username and
   password (an “Account”). In the course of maintaining your Account, you
   might also be asked to participate in online surveys about the Game, or
   in other Game-related promotional contests, participation in which is
   entirely voluntary. You might also desire to contact our customer
   support team via the “Support” tab found on the Site. In participating
   in such promotional activities or in contacting customer support, you
   might be requested to provide additional information beyond your email
   address, including your name, full address and phone number. In
   operating the Site or otherwise offering the Game, we might also
   request other information from you, including hardware specs, software
   performance metrics, game experience, and other demographic information
   that might be associated with your personal information, such as your
   gender, hobbies, occupation, platform preferences, and other game
   ownership information.

   When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect
   information on the type of operating system, device you use.

   We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you
   about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer
   wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at
   the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will
   need to collect certain information about your device such as operating
   system and user identification information.

   We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the
   functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may
   record information such as how often you use the application, the
   events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance
   data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the
   information we store within the analytics software to any personally
   identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.

   Please note that in utilizing certain areas of the Site (e.g.
   purchasing merchandise) or the Game (e.g. purchasing in-game currency),
   you will be requested to provide additional information in order to
   complete a purchase, such as your name, full address, phone number,
   internet protocol address (for fraud tracking purposes) and Our
   shopping cart is hosted by our e-commerce solutions provider. They host
   our ordering system, and collect your billing information directly from
   you for the purpose of processing your order. This company does not use
   this information for any other purpose. Please see Section V below
   regarding how third parties working on behalf of Super Evil use your
   personal information.

   In the event that you choose to create an Account and play the Game, we
   also collect certain information regarding your in-Game performance
   and/or interactions with other users (e.g., wins / losses, recent
   heroes played, average number of kills / deaths etc.). These statistics
   are associated with your in-Game name and are publicly accessible by
   members of the Super Evil community. In addition, we may share your
   in-Game statistics with third parties in accordance with the terms and
   conditions set forth in this Policy. To be clear, no personal
   information about you, such as your email address, IP address, or other
   sensitive information, will be shared as a part of this process.

   B. What Additional Information Does Super Evil Collect?

   (1) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’
   domain names and internet protocol (IP) addresses (the number assigned
   to computers on the Internet). In addition, your web browser or Game
   software may transmit to Super Evil certain geographic information or
   other information regarding your computer, including its capabilities,
   hardware specs and game data processing. No personal information about
   you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous
   “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be
   helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.

   (2) COOKIES. The Site or Game uses Analytics and Performance Cookies.
   These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to the
   Site. The information gathered does not identify any individual
   visitor. The information is aggregated and anonymous. It includes the
   number of visitors to the Site, the websites that referred them to the
   Site, the pages they visited on the Site, what time of day they visited
   the Site, whether they have visited the Site before, and other similar
   information. We use this information to help operate the Site more
   efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the
   level of activity on the Site.

   We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. It is
   only used to improve how the Site works. You can find out more
   information about Google Analytics cookies here:
   https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCo
   okies.

   You can find out more about how Google protects your data here:
   https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.

   You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of the
   Site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via
   this link:
   http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.

   We use the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook, Inc. This
   tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected
   to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are
   thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for
   statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remains
   anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any
   individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by
   Facebook. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook
   account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in
   accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under:
   https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.

   Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to
   show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. In addition, a
   cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.

   Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. If you are
   younger than this age, please consult your legal guardians.

   Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission:
   https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.

   Super Evil also works with Unity Ads and Iron Source to serve ads
   within the game. If you wish to limit behaviorally targeted
   advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device
   settings. Please note that opt-outs are specific to each browser and
   device and it may take a little bit of time before your opt-out will
   take effect.

   Ad networks can use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking
   technologies to collect or receive data about you and might claim
   controller rights over your personal data. For more information about
   their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities, please review their
   privacy policy:
   Unity Ads – https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

   Iron Source –
   https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-
   privacy-policy

   C. Why do we need your personal data?

   We will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable
   data protection and privacy laws. We need certain personal data in
   order to provide you with access to the Site or Game. If you created a
   profile, you will have been asked to check a tick box indicating your
   agreement to provide this data in order to play the Game. This consent
   provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to
   process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at
   any time. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data in line
   with this policy, please do not use the Site or Game.

   D. What Does Super Evil Do With Collected Information?

   (1) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not share your personal information
   with any third parties without your consent, except as necessary to
   provide you with the services offered by us, to comply with the law or
   as otherwise described in this Policy. We may use your personal
   information to verify your identity or to check your qualifications, to
   inform you of any changes to the Site or Game, or to send you
   additional information about Super Evil. We may also use your
   information to contact you should we believe that you are in violation
   of the Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”). If you do not want us
   to share your personal information with these companies, you may
   contact us at: privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   (2) COMPELLED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. In certain
   situations, Super Evil may be required to disclose personal data in
   response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
   national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose
   personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith
   belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with requirements of
   the law or comply with legal process served on Super Evil (b) protect
   and defend the rights or property of Super Evil or the users of the
   Site or Game, or (c) act under unusual, extraordinary or emergency
   circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site
   or Game.

   (3) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our
   business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies
   or assets, including the information collected through the Site or
   otherwise collected in connection with the Game. If Super Evil or
   substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information and
   personal information will be one of the assets transferred to the
   acquirer. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to
   notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site.

   (4) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. At any time you may request access to the
   information that we have from you, or request that we remove all
   information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance
   with Section VII.A below.

   (5) Your data, including personal data that we collect from you, may be
   transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and
   other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including,
   but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy
   regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other
   parts of the world. By using the Site or Game, you agree to this
   transfer, storing or processing. As noted in Section II of this Privacy
   Policy we are a participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and we will
   take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
   securely and in accordance with this policy.

   (6) We will only retain your personal data until you request to close
   your account unless a longer retention period is required or permitted
   by law (for example, for regulatory purposes).

   (7) We do not use your personal data for the purposes of automated
   decision-making. However, we may do so in order to fulfil obligations
   imposed by law, in which case we will inform you of any such processing
   and provide you with an opportunity to object.

   E. Notice Concerning Children

   PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of
   our content specifically at children under 16 years of age. The Site
   and the Game are not intended for children under the age of 16. We
   understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of
   children’s privacy online, and as such do not knowingly collect any
   personal information from any user under age 16. If we learn or have
   reason to suspect that a Site or Game user is under age 16, we will
   promptly delete any personal information in that user’s Account.

   IV. SECURITY

   The Site and the Game have security measures in place to help protect
   against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we
   obtain from you. We store your personal information on our servers,
   which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and
   protected by protocols and procedures designed to protect the security
   of such information. In addition, we restrict access to personal
   information to Super Evil employees, independent contractors and agents
   who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and
   maintain the Site and the Game. However, no server, computer or
   communications network or system, or data transmission over the
   Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we
   strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the
   security of any information you transmit to us through the use of the
   Game or the Site and we make no assurances about our ability to prevent
   any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party. You acknowledge
   and agree that you provide such information and engage in such
   transmissions at your own risk.

   When you enter information, we encrypt the transmission of that
   information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you have any
   questions about the security of your personal information, you can
   contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com.

   V. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND OUR CONTROL

   A. Third Party Websites

   The Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit other
   websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content
   of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the
   privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and
   agree with their policies.

   B. Opt-Out Preferences

   Opt-out. You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing
   communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii)
   our collection of sensitive personal data; (iv) any new processing of
   your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose;
   or (v) the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA. Please note
   that your use of some of the Site or Game may be ineffective upon
   opt-out.

   Access. You may access the data we hold about you at any time by
   contacting us directly.

   Amend. You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in
   your personal data.

   Move. Your data is portable – i.e. you to have the flexibility to move
   your data to other service providers as you wish.

   Erase and forget. In certain situations, for example when the data we
   hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request
   that we erase your data.

   You may contact us at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com or 400 1st Ave, San
   Mateo, CA, 94401, USA anytime for any other questions you may have
   about your personal data and our use of such personal data.

   VI. SERVICE PROVIDERS

   We may share your personal information with service providers that we
   engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your
   behalf, such as to fulfill product orders, collect billing information
   and process payments. While providing services for us, these companies
   may access your personal information.

   To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this
   Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Some of
   the pages within the Site utilize masking techniques to serve content
   to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our
   Site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information
   to these third parties, and are doing so pursuant to the third party’s
   privacy policy.

   VII. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES

   A. Contacting Us

   If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices regarding
   your personal information related to the Site or Game, or if you would
   like to have us remove your information from our database and
   deactivate your Account, please feel contact us at
   privacy@superevilmegacorp.com. Upon request Super Evil will provide you
   with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third
   party, any of your personal information. If your personally
   identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our
   service, you may correct, update or amend it by emailing our Customer
   Support at privacy@superevilmegacorp.com, or by contacting us by postal
   mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your
   request to access within 30 days of receipt of the request. Please note
   that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your
   Account and applicable services.

   B. Updates and Changes

   We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our
   information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify
   you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
   by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming
   effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the
   latest information on our privacy practices.

   BY USING THE SITE AND/OR THE GAME, YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ,
   UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT
   AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR THE GAME.

   C. Additional Policies

   There are additional Super Evil legal policies that govern your use of
   the Site and the Game. Please take time to review and familiarize
   yourself with the Terms of Use.

   Effective Date: June 19, 2019

Open A Ticket

Open A Ticket

   * Required
     __________________________________________________________________

   [contact-form-7 id="4" title="Open A Ticket"]

Download Vainglory App Now

Download Vainglory App Now

   Play for free
   Play for free
   Play for free

   ©2015 Super Evil Megacorp. All rights reserved. Apple and Apple logo
   are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
   Apple is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android™ is a trademark of Google
   Inc. Google Play™ is a trademark of Google Inc.
