   #M Louis Salon & The Beauty Factor Spa - Atom M Louis Salon & The
   Beauty Factor Spa - RSS

M Louis Salon & The Beauty Factor Spa

Thursday, September 22, 2016

Let's Welcome Amanda!

   Amanda is our new addition here at The Beauty Factor Spa. She is a
   licensed Cosmetologist, who specializes in luxury care of the hands,
   feet and nails. You'll also find her in the salon occasionally, as hair
   coloring and styling is second nature.
   We welcome her with two special nail promotions:
   New Customers will receive an additional $5 off a Manicure & Pedicure
   Combo!
   Also, Bring a friend, and you'll each receive a complimentary upgrade
   to our Sangria-Cure Pedicure! Sip a glass of cool Sangria while you
   receive a luxury Spa Pedicure!
   Call today to book now -386-445-1338. Can't Wait to See You!
   Posted by M Louis Salon at 8:29 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Thursday, July 28, 2016

Introducing: Lindsey Fitzpatrick, our new Esthetician!

   Meet Lindsey, The Beauty Factor Spa's New Licensed Esthetician
   [Lindsey.jpg]
   Lindsey was trained in Southern California on the newest and most
   trending anti aging procedures. Her experience includes but is not
   limited to Glycolic and AHA peels, Rosacea facials, Acne facials,
   Oxygen facials, Brazilian waxing, and Male back waxing. She is also a
   makeup artist and has worked in the cosmetic industry for over 10
   years. We are pleased and excited to be adding her to our team of
   experienced master stylists.
   Save $10 on your first Facial with Lindsey
   when you mention this ad.
   Call or Email to book your appointment!
   386-445-1338 | mlouissalon@cfl.rr.com

   Posted by M Louis Salon at 2:21 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Thursday, July 7, 2016

Color WOW: Root Touch Up Between Services

   [roots-landing-header3.jpg]
   Color WOW Root Touch Up
   Color WOW is a mineral powder root cover up that will help you go
   longer between color services. It has won over 30 major beauty awards
   from top magazines like Allure and Harper's Bazaar.
     * Free of Waxes, Dyes & Parabens, it is safe for use during pregnancy
     * Made of Natural Mineral Pigment
     * Not tested on animals
     * Won't come off on clothes or pillows
     * Water-resistant so it stays in place until shampooed out - you can
       even swim with it
     * Even covers dark regrowth on lightened hair without peroxide!

   With 6 shades to choose from, you can easily hide your greys between
   visits!
   Find your color @ M Louis Salon
   10 Cypress Point Parkway, Suite 103, Palm Coast FL 32164
   Posted by M Louis Salon at 11:59 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Friday, June 10, 2016

Dry-Brushing: Facts or Iffy?

   Dry brushing is an age old technique that has risen in popularity over
   the years. Its natural, which is an allure for our current Western
   culture, Go Green! While I personally enjoy the color green, and the
   philosophy behind green, organic, etc, I'm still a believer in
   moderation. This brings us to Dry brushing - the "miracle" technique.
   In our spa, we use dry brushing during our Beach Body Treatment. This
   has lead to increased interest from our clients, and I did some
   research for you!
   Fact: Your skin will be smoother.
   This is true. Dry brushing is a natural, mechanical exfoliation
   technique. You'll see results with the first try, and even more
   dramatic results over time. Each stroke removes layers of dead skin
   cells.
   Iffy: Your skin will be softer.
   Fact, plus asterisk. After dry brushing, you'll skin will be better
   able to absorb your nourishing oils or lotions. This is only fact if
   you follow through the dry brushing technique with an application of a
   softening agent.
   Be Aware: if you dry brush before showering, make sure that your
   cleanser isn't a thick pore clogging consistency, or this will negate
   the purpose. We Suggest: Circadia's Vitamin Veil Cleanser
   Fact: Dry brushing improves your lymphatic flow.
   When performed correctly, dry brushing will stimulate your lymphactic
   system, improving the flow and thus reducing bodily toxins. This fact
   is what leads to more "questionable"claims, such as improved digestive
   issues and reduction of bloat. These do not have scientific evidence,
   however it is reasonable to assume that in most cases, an improved
   lymphatic flow would result in such claims.
   Be Aware: For this to be true, you must brush in the direction of your
   lymph flow - always towards the heart.
   Fact: I'll have more energy if I dry brush.
   This is a fact, because there is evidence that dry brushing stimulates
   blood flow and the nervous system. This leads to a boost of energy.
   Again, there are many factors in every day life that can counteract
   this - but it is one step towards a more energetic lifestyle.
   Iffy: Dry brushing reduces cellulite.
   This comes from the fact of the lymphatic system. Toxins break down
   connective tissue. Cellulite is a combination of fat and connective
   tissue. Dry brushing does release bodily toxins, however none of the
   evidence explicitly states a link to cellulite directly. It is possible
   that the lessened appearnce of cellulite is a temporary effect of the
   slightly plumped skin directly after dry brushing.
   In Our Services: This is a chief concern of our spa, because our Beach
   Body Treatment is designed to reduce cellulite. The way in which we use
   the technique is as an exfoliant. We dry brush, leaving the skin
   prepared to receive product, and then we apply a professional firming
   and shaping gel.
   Fact: Dry brushing will improve acne.
   When you dry brush, you are unclogging your pores. When performed
   daily, this will aide in the reduction of acneic skin in two ways.
   First, by not allowing the build up of sebum in the pores, and by
   making way for your product application to be absorbed better. In this
   case, you would want to use a acne inhibiting product before a lotion
   or oil.
   So, whats the downside, then?
   Are there any negatives to dry-brushing? There is just one. And it
   truly, honestly depends on you. If you have extra sensitive skin, or if
   you are too vigorous with your brushing, you can cause micro tears in
   your skin. Micro tears can lead to infection. However, this likelihood
   is quite low, and with care, you can avoid it entirely.
   What kind of brush do I need?
   Dry brushing brushes are quite inexpensive, ours in spa is just $7.95.
   You'll need a natural boar bristled brush, with a long handle for hard
   to reach places. The brush we sell has a detachable handle so you can
   use it hand held or with the handle.
   Brush health: Isn't gross dead skin filling my brush?
   Not as much as you may think. However, it is suggested to clean your
   brush monthly with a mild shampoo, and allow to dry completely before
   using again. This is especially important for those of you who are
   targeting acne or have naturally oily skin.
   There really isn't a downside - give it a try, maybe you will love it!
   Source: much research, but this article quotes several professionals
   Posted by M Louis Salon at 12:28 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: dry brushing facts, natural skincare, soft skin, spa techniques

Friday, May 27, 2016

June Ladies Night Out: Trades of Hope

   The Beauty Factor Spa: Monthly Ladies Night Out
   June 29th 2016:
   Trades of Hope Party
   June's Ladies Night Out Event is an opportunity to empower women around
   the world out of poverty. That is the mission behind the company,
   Trades of Hope. The purchases made at a Trades of Hope Party help women
   in need work their way toward a new life. All of the items are artisan
   made, with the stories behind the women from around the world.
     * Dr. Amy will be on site with her Botox and Juvederm Injections,
       along with Laser Hair Removal information.
     * Katie will be here with free hand scrubs, highlighting OPI's
       magnificent exfoliating and softening scrub.

   Join us on Wednesday, June 29th, from 4:30 - 6:30 pm for compassion,
   wine and snacks!
   Please RSVP, as space is limited!
   Posted by M Louis Salon at 10:18 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Thursday, May 26, 2016

Summer Body Health: Head to Toe Tips

   [torsoWater_freerange.jpg]
   Summer Body Health:
   Head to Toe Tips for Your Summer Body
   With summer upon us (or has it already been?) it is time to pay special
   attention to shielding our bodies from the excess sun, salt, humidity
   and chlorine that a Florida summer brings. Sing it with me now, "Head,
   shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes!"
   Above your shoulders:
     * Beat frizz in two ways - when styling, blow dry in a downward
       motion and use a concentrator for extra smoothing. Also, use a hair
       primer and smoothing serum to keep the style set throughout the
       day.  We suggest: Paul Mitchell Awaphui Mirrorsmooth High Gloss
       Primer paired with Paul Mitchell Relaxing Balm Smoothing Cream
     * Wet your hair before you get into the ocean or pool water. This is
       because your hair absorbs moisture, and if you wet it first, it
       will absorb less salt and chlorine.
     * Speaking of salt and chlorine, using a clarifying shampoo once a
       week during the summer months will remove all the built up
       impurities.  We suggest: Paul Mitchell Shampoo Three
     * Hairscreen - I made up this term last year to emphasize the
       important of using a UV protectant on your locks, just like your
       skin. It will protect your hair's integrity and color. We suggest:
       Paul Mitchell Sculpting Spray
     * The extra salt and sun exposure of summertime can result in over
       drying of your lips. Avoid high gloss lip covers, as these can
       attract harmful rays. Opt for a hydrating treatment, balm or
       beeswax. We suggest: Circadia Hydralox Serum - for use on face and
       lips

   Shoulders to Knees:
     * Increased sun exposure can cause uneven skin tone and freckles. You
       can treat this by getting a gentle alpha hydroxy peel.
     * It is also helpful to your skin tone to increase your vitamin A and
       vitamin C intake, which can be done with products or foods, such as
       broccoli and sweet potatoes.
     * We all know to sunscreen, but even the tannest among us can get
       sunburned. Use a calming, anti-inflammatory product to heal your
       skin, rather than just covering it. We suggest: Circadia
       Tranquili-Cream paired with Circadia Aloe & Calendula Calming Mist
     * The extra humidity and time spent in the heat causes us to sweat
       more, leading to blemishes. These blemishes will not be
       concentrated on your face, but all over your body, such as your
       back, buttocks, thighs and chest. Avoid oil based products, and try
       a salicylic acid cleanser once a week. We suggest: Circadia
       Salicylic Cleanser
     * Speaking of blemishes and bumps - no matter the bathing suit design
       we choose, our bikini area is always an area of concern. If you
       shave or wax, do it several hours before exposure to the summer
       activities. You can use salicylic cleanser to calm ingrowns from
       shaving.
     * Waxing is an excellent alternative to shaving. Its quick, and the
       likelihood of ingrown hairs is greatly reduced, and razor bumps
       extinguished. Using a calming balm afterwards will keep your bikini
       line healthy. We suggest: Circadia Post Peel Balm
     *  As I've previously stated, the salt, chlorine and increased sun
       exposure will dry your skin drastically if not properly cared for.
       Stay moisturized, and treat yourself to a body treatment. In our
       spa, we do a full body wrap that includes exfoliation to remove
       dead cells, full body moisture, toning gel, and facial mask. This
       invigorating service leaves your entire body feeling refreshed and
       renewed.

   Knees to Toes:
     * With our feet either bare or in sandals 90% of the time, our foot
       health is a great deal of concern. Calluses, while serve their
       purpose, can be well maintained and healthy. Use a callus softening
       cream and a foot file to maintain these between pedicures. We
       suggest: OPI Foot Therapy Callus Therapy paired with the OPI Foot
       File
     * With moisture on the mind, treating yourself to a paraffin dip is
       not only intensely moisturizing, but also beneficial to your
       circulatory system, increasing your  blood flow and the oxygen in
       your blood system.
     * Maintain the health of your nail plate by using a cuticle oil
       daily. This keeps your cuticles and nail plate from becoming overly
       dry, splitting or cracking. We suggest: CND Solar Oil

   Now get out there and enjoy the summer sun and fun!
   Posted by M Louis Salon at 3:41 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: body wrap, florida, healing sun damage, moisturizing skin,
   paraffin dip, paul mitchell products, summer body care, summer health

Friday, April 1, 2016

Spring Cleaning: Subtle Changes for your 2016 Style

   Spring Cleaning:
   Subtle Changes to your 2016 Style
   Spring is the time to clean out and refresh ourselves. Why limit that
   to the closets and cabinets, when you can refresh your style in a fun
   new way. With so many options, you can choose a subtle style change or
   a bold, dramatic new look!
   Spring is the Season of Colors:
   Highlights are the norm for spring and summer changes. Lets talk about
   how to do that differently - peekaboo's and natural tones. A Peekaboo
   is a highlight placed underneath a layer of hair. They're meant to be
   pops of dimension throughout the overall style. There is also the
   option of natural highlights. This would be adding a colored tone over
   top of highlighted hair. If you're shy about the above options, you
   could slightly change your overall hair color. Do this by choosing a
   color that is two or three levels different (ask your stylist for help
   with this!). Lighter is the trend for spring and summer, but the option
   is always there to go darker as well!
   [Peekaboos.png] [TonedHighlights.png]
   Peekaboo Highlights & Toned Highlights
   Cuts Don't Have to be Dramatic:
   When we think of a hair cut change, we often assume that means chopping
   off a whole bunch of hair- it doesn't have to be so! Your stylist can
   help you decide on a simple style change to refresh your look. From
   adding layers, growing out layers, creating a bang or side sweep - the
   possibilities are near endless.
   [Mlouissalon.png]
   Style Changing Cuts by Louanne @ M Louis Salon
   Find Your Springtime Fun Polish:
   So often women find a polish that works for them and they stick to it
   like glue. Break out of that pattern with a change in polish color. It
   is a safe, non-permanent change that would leave you feeling excited
   about something new. Try nail art - Katie is always on about how we can
   tailor designs to a mature, professional style - no crazy 3D urban
   designs, but mature, classical and clean designs with a twist.
   [SueNails_springflowers.jpg]
   Out With the Old, In With the New:
   If you haven't shaken up your hair, nail or make-up inventory, now is
   the time to do so. It is false that your hair becomes resistant to the
   effects of the same shampoo over and over again, however subtle
   differences in the way your body responds to a product can occur.
   Products have shelf lives, especially after being exposed to oxygen.
   Nail polish is a prime example, typically once exposed to oxygen nail
   polish have about a 2 year life span. Additionally, climate and
   hormones can alter the way you respond to a product.
   Posted by M Louis Salon at 10:41 AM 1 comment:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: natural highlights, natural peekaboos, peekaboo highlights,
   simple haircut changes, spring nail polish, spring style changes

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Follow by Email

   ____________________ Submit

Subscribe To

   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] Posts
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments
   [subscribe-netvibes.png] [subscribe-yahoo.png] [icon_feed12.png] Atom
   [arrow_dropdown.gif] All Comments

Pages

     * About M Louis
     * Website
     * Sign Up for our Newsletter

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2016 (12)
          + ▼  September (1)
               o Let's Welcome Amanda!
          + ►  July (2)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  May (2)
          + ►  April (1)
          + ►  February (3)
          + ►  January (2)

     * ►  2015 (19)
          + ►  December (1)
          + ►  November (1)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  September (2)
          + ►  August (1)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  June (2)
          + ►  March (6)
          + ►  February (3)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2014 (40)
          + ►  December (2)
          + ►  November (4)
          + ►  October (3)
          + ►  September (4)
          + ►  August (3)
          + ►  July (4)
          + ►  June (2)
          + ►  May (4)
          + ►  April (5)
          + ►  March (2)
          + ►  February (4)
          + ►  January (3)

     * ►  2013 (23)
          + ►  December (4)
          + ►  November (3)
          + ►  October (16)

About Me

   M Louis Salon

   View my complete profile

   Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
