   #Elle Decoration SA - Atom Elle Decoration SA - RSS

   skip to main | skip to sidebar
   Elle Decoration SA

Contributors

     * Barry Kukkuk
     * Elle Deco SA
     * Heather Moore
     * Kelly Berman in NYC
     * Sasha Zambetti and Toni Kagan.
     * Toby

Topics covered

     * SA design (46)
     * design and designers (44)
     * Guest bloggers (36)
     * Art and artists (34)
     * Shopping (32)
     * Kelly Berman in NYC (28)
     * furniture (17)
     * textile (16)
     * Inspiration (12)
     * Go Green (11)
     * giveaways (10)
     * objects of desire (10)
     * kids (9)
     * Issue 52 - Escape (8)
     * Design Indaba 09 (7)
     * Issue 53 - reVamp (7)
     * ceramics (7)
     * wallpaper (7)
     * Colour (6)
     * Etsy (6)
     * Issue 56 - Kitchen (6)
     * issue 54 - Refresh (6)
     * issue 57 - Spring Zing (6)
     * photography (6)
     * tableware (6)
     * Handmade (5)
     * Issue 55 - Magnetic South (5)
     * NY Winter 07/08 (5)
     * Special issue: Celebrate (5)
     * books (5)
     * exhibit (5)
     * issue59 - Revamp (5)
     * travel (5)
     * vintage (5)
     * Trends (4)
     * architecture (4)
     * design icons (4)
     * gallery (4)
     * interview (4)
     * issue 58 - Escape (4)
     * Africa (3)
     * Japan (3)
     * Kelly B (3)
     * garden (3)
     * papergoods (3)
     * style (3)
     * Top Tip (2)
     * do it yourself (2)
     * hip city guide (2)
     * office (2)
     * "West German" (1)
     * "fat lava" (1)
     * Design Indaba 08 (1)
     * Out and about (1)
     * animals (1)
     * food (1)
     * gadgets (1)
     * issue 60 - Feel Good (1)
     * lighting (1)
     * living room (1)
     * pattern (1)
     * subscriptions (1)

Friday, 13 March 2009

We've moved...

   Please visit the ELLE DECORATION blog at our brand new web address:
   www.elledecoration.co.za.
   See you there!
   Posted by Heather Moore at 08:10 No comments:

Thursday, 12 March 2009

New issue... and a new address!

   There's a brand new issue on the shelves today. It's Feel Good issue -
   just what we all need more of!
   And in other exciting news, we're making a little blogging hop over to
   our own domain name, and we're also spreading our wings with a new
   blogging platform. So to stay in touch with all your latest DECO news,
   please refresh your Favourites folder with our new address at
   www.elledecoration.co.za.
   See you there for more about the Feel Good issue!
   Posted by Heather Moore at 08:00 1 comment:
   Labels: issue 60 - Feel Good

Wednesday, 11 March 2009

Report from NYC: Galia Gluckman

   Our New York correspondent Kelly Berman of The Brooklynist is back with
   us today, freshly returned to NYC after her recent trip to Cape Town.
   Nice to see you in Cape Town, and nice to have you back online with
   another great New York find, Kelly!
   Galia Gluckman is an artist who makes large-scale collages out of tiny
   bits of coloured paper. Drawn to intense hues, she trawls through old
   magazines and scraps of wrapping paper in search of 'families' of
   colour to use in her pieces. Her painstaking work recently paid off
   when she won the Global Green Artist Challenge for Best Overall Green
   Piece at the International Art Expo in New York City at the beginning
   of March.
   Galia cuts the paper into small, mosaic-like pieces and layers them on
   top of each other, creating intricate surfaces of pattern and colour
   that come together to create large landscapes, her favourite subject
   matter. She then applies a sealant to the surface.
   "I take great pride in turning paper that may otherwise go to landfills
   into works of art," she says. "Ninety-five percent of all unsold
   newsstand magazines are recycled by newsstands and publishers, only
   about 17 percent of sold magazines are recycled."
   A fashion designer who has worked in South Africa, London and New York,
   Galia's art has been influenced by the vibrant world of fashion and by
   her family history in the textile industry.
   Galia's latest venture involves turning her collages into high-quality
   prints, which have been attracting the interest of interior designers
   and hotels in the NYC area. You can see more of her work on her
   website.
   Posted by Kelly Berman in NYC at 07:55 8 comments:
   Labels: Art and artists, Kelly Berman in NYC

Tuesday, 10 March 2009

Delicate stones

   Am simply loving these crocheted stones from Knitalette.
   Via Design*Sponge
   Posted by Heather Moore at 08:22 9 comments:
   Labels: textile

Monday, 09 March 2009

The Low Down

   Today we hear from our new Joburg correspondent, Nicole Ravenscroft,
   with what we're looking forward to being the first of many guest posts
   from this vibrant city.
   Miniature stools are the latest seating bling in Jozi. Functionally
   they are great for small spaces and also allow for interesting height
   dynamics in a room. Finally I can breathe: being short is in fashion!
   Space vengeance meets organic lines with Vitra's soft cork stool/table
   , giving a light, amusing flare to a room. Similarly shaped, but made
   of plastic, I rather fancy the Plastic stools (below) by Italian
   company Parri.
   More geometric plastic stools (below), this time the Shape stool by
   Viccarbe, can be used as a stool or a small table. Group them to create
   ever-changing patterns and groups - great in a modern office space.
   Find all of these locally at Sean Williams.
   Jump back into your imagination with some playful animal-themed stools.
   The Elephant stool by Vitra, was originally made in aluminium, and is
   now available in polypropelene.
   And, of course, the classic plywood Eames Elephant (below) by Charles
   and Ray Eames, is also from Vitra.
   These are great for children rooms, but hey, I would quirk my space
   with them too. So come on everyone, take off your heels, pull up a
   stylish stool and join us shorties!
   Posted by Heather Moore at 07:46 1 comment:
   Labels: furniture, Guest bloggers

Friday, 06 March 2009

EDIDA South Africa

   The winners of the annual South African leg of the Elle Decoration
   International Design Awards (EDIDA) were announced last week, and we're
   thrilled to share them here on the blog.
   The overall EDIDA honours have gone to Johannesburg-based Willowlamp,
   for their robust yet delicately formed chandeliers made out of fine
   metal chains.
   Industrial designer and jeweler Sian Eliot’s and architect Adam Hoets’s
   latest range is inspired by flower forms like proteas and fuschias. The
   striking chandeliers have features such as petals made out of
   voluptuous ball chain lobes, while the flower stamens and filaments are
   hanging lights made of frosted pyrex glass visors over halogen lamps.
   The winners in each of the EDIDA categories were as follows:
   Seating
   This category went to Animal Farm's collaboration between Porky Hefer
   and Warren Lewis. Drawing on the idea of milk crates, used as cheap
   seating in shebeens, they made up wooden crates emblazoned with social
   commentary such as “high hopes, big dreams” and “short courage, tall
   stories.”
   Tableware and Accessories
   Gauteng glass artist Martli Jansen van Rensburg, won the tableware and
   accessories category for her small glass domes that slot onto jacaranda
   wood bases to show off collectables like shells and jewellery.
   Furniture
   Cape Town-based interior designer Laurie Owen, who uses local materials
   such as fallen trees and alien vegetation species to make her Romantic
   Organic range, was named winner of the furniture section.
   Bathrooms
   Bev Missing won this category for her Rain bathroom and body care
   accessories range. The natural products are made in Swellendam, and
   sold in upmarket retail outlets.
   Bedding
   Baby Podo, a range of contemporary cots and compactums made in Cape
   Town, won the bedding section for owners Jenna and Anton Robbertse. The
   range’s flexible cot can be transformed into another piece of useful
   furniture such as a bed, and most of the pieces can be used
   independently as stand-alone book cases, cupboards or toy drawers on
   wheels.
   Fabric
   The fabric section was won by African Sketchbook’s creative director
   Dianne Christian and marketing expert Anne Thisleton, who have trained
   unskilled township residents in hand painting, block printing,
   stenciling and screening.
   Flooring
   The flooring section was won by Johno du Plessis, who took up
   handcrafting cowhide carpets in South Africa after spending three
   decades abroad. His latest focus is using blocks of colour and
   juxtaposing black and white and other combinations for 1940, 50s and
   60s-inspired rugs.
   Wall Coverings
   The wall coverings section was taken by practising Cape Town architect
   Lorenzo Nassimbeni, who works with his building drawings to develop
   wallpaper for an array of clients from corporates to restaurateurs and
   boutique owners.
   Lighting
   A Victorian cartoon featuring a classic anglepoise light was the
   inspiration for industrial designer Liam Mooney’s winning arc lamp in
   the lighting section.
   Emerging Designer
   The Emerging Designer of the Year is 25-year-old Lyall Sprong, who
   produces objects ranging from lighting and shelves to benches and
   candleholders.
   Craft
   The craft section was won by Cape Town creative Louise Gelderblom, who
   hand-builds sculptural vessels up to 2.5 metres high. Her designs reach
   “people with big spaces”.
   Outdoor
   The outdoor section was won by Johannesburg’s Joe Paine, who’s designed
   a flat-pack customisable vertical planter that you attach to your wall
   rather like a DIY creeper.
   Architecture
   The architecture section went to MMA Architects in Cape Town for a
   low-cost housing design that will soon bring innovation to the Freedom
   Park community of Cape Town. The architects borrowed thermal
   performance elements from indigenous mud and wattle building, while the
   timber frame and sandbag infill construction is efficient and easy to
   build.
   The South African designs will now be entered into the international
   judging round of the Elle Decoration International Design Awards to
   compete against entries from 23 other countries. The overall winners in
   this final round will be announced at the Milan Furniture Fair in
   April. Good luck to our winners!
   Posted by Heather Moore at 08:28 2 comments:
   Labels: SA design

Thursday, 05 March 2009

Rooftop Airstream

   Today, our features editor Louise McCann (currently on sabbatical)
   tells us all about... what? A penthouse trailer park, did you say? Tell
   us all about it, Louise!
   In my time, I’ve caravanned on coast and cliffside, veld and forest,
   but a newly opened trailer park on the rooftop of the Grand Daddy Hotel
   in Cape Town's Long Street was pioneer territory. Born-and-bred trailer
   park trash, I was the perfect candidate to test it out. It was a
   Saturday night, deep in the nicotine-clogged heart of the city, and it
   was fabulous.
   Of the seven Airstream trailers decorated by talented local designers,
   we were booked into ‘Love of Lace’ - the masterpiece of our very own
   ELLE DECORATION stylist, Tracy Lynch. It is, in trailer park lingo, a
   Passion Wagon.
   Complete with a plush bed large enough for the entire Walton family, a
   sexy little bathroom and dimmer switches on the oh-so-pretty
   chandelier, this little gem has to be the sauciest boudoir in Cape
   Town’s skyline.
   The ‘Pleasantville’ caravan was put together by furniture designer Liam
   Mooney. This little slice of life will have you living out your
   fantasies of the 1950s American Dream. Very, very pleasant indeed…
   The blue-and-white splendour of ‘Dorothy’, the cool and crazy creation
   of art lecturer Sarah Pratt, will drive you dreamy rather than dotty.
   The tiniest trailer of all is ‘The Ballad of John and Yoko’, created by
   Chloe Townsend of Missibaba, her partner in Twine, Cara Rosa and artist
   Tamsin Relly. This threesome has created a space that invites you to
   bed in and beatle away the hours, playing through the collection of 60s
   and 70s LPs. And a nice treat for caravanning veterans of communal
   ablution blocks - this one has a built-on bathroom!
   The best parts of this inner city escape? I loved cocktails at the sky
   bar, lounging around the caravan, popping out to Long Street for supper
   and vino, with bed just a short walk away. But best best of all? Waking
   up to a trailer-window view of the slumbering city on a Sunday morning.
   Unbeatable.
   Visit the Grand Daddy to make your booking.
   Posted by Heather Moore at 08:24 6 comments:
   Labels: design and designers, SA design

Wednesday, 04 March 2009

The Tiny Modernist

   Love the mid-century modern look, but simply can't fit a signature
   chair into your apartment, or your budget? Well, think small - really
   small!
   Etsy seller The Tiny Modernist sells cross-stitch patterns, so you can
   have all the classics at your fingertips - literally! I could do with
   this pair of Eames Shell chairs, or maybe the Barcelona chair, or the
   Eames Lounge chair, or a Eero Aarnio Ball Chair...
   Visit the Tiny Modernist for more cross-stitch patterns of the
   classics, as well as screenprinted baby tees.
   Posted by Heather Moore at 07:07 No comments:
   Labels: design icons, do it yourself, Etsy

Monday, 02 March 2009

Design Indaba: Expo impressions

   Yesterday was the last day of the Design Indaba Expo. I beat the heat
   and the crowds and got there early to see what was on offer, and to
   take a couple of snaps. Of course, the sheer quantity is overwhelming,
   and the poor lighting made snap-taking fairly tricky. So what I have to
   show here is just a fleeting impression of some of the things that
   caught my eye and came out reasonably well on the screen.
   Heath Nash's work with discarded plastics is as intriguing as ever, and
   his naively put-together stall quite charming. This white light made
   with plastic milk bottles is simply breathtaking.
   Product designer Cornelius Lemmer has been doing some Frankenstein
   work, taking apart many old ball and claw tables and cupboards and
   meticulously putting them back together to make one piece. They really
   are quite beautiful. See more of his work here.
   I'd seen the lovely woven cane lampshades and cactuses by Michelle
   Petrie of Abode, but these modular shelvings systems were new, and I
   like them a lot.
   I was rather intrigued by the complex work of Pieter Henning of
   MockMock. This coated steel table is rather special, I thought. Their
   website's not up yet, and these tables are still prototypes, but should
   you stumble upon this in the future (the near future, I hope), click
   here and you might be able to find out more.
   The Zenzulu stand was very zen - it only had three pieces on it! But
   what amazing pieces they were. The three intricate wire wall sculptures
   are part of their Jungle collection, and really, these photos hardly do
   them justice at all.
   There was more intricate weaving at the Aid to Artisans stall too.
   These come from KwaZulu Natal, who seems to be the place for weaving
   champs.
   Really, these few pics hardly make a dent in what was on offer, and
   it's likely that I didn't even manage to see the lot. Next February,
   make sure you're in Cape Town to attend the Design Indaba and Expo.
   You'll be so glad you did.
   Posted by Heather Moore at 07:01 1 comment:
   Labels: Design Indaba 09

Friday, 27 February 2009

Design Indaba 09 : Day 2

   While the talks I saw on day 1 of the Design Indaba were all engaging
   with the ethics of design in the real world, the talks I saw on
   Thursday were all situated right on the needlesharp tip of the high
   end, where fantasy, imagination, excellence and large budgets meet.
   The people I heard speak are so ridiculously famous that it would be
   silly of me to do a rundown of their work here. However, each one
   impressed me with one or other thing, possibly worth relating here:
   Barber Osgerby - Excellence in process and product
   First, I caught the tail end of design duo Barber Osgerby speaking.
   They were describing the incredibly process-intensive process of making
   a prototype of this table, involving milling and anodizing hundreds of
   individual aluminium units that eventually bolt together, partially
   using magnets. It really was amazing to hear designers talking about
   the nitty gritty of the process, illustrating how much very hard, hard
   work goes into realising a high-end product such as this.
   Patricia Urquiola - Where flamboyance and simplicity meet
   It's something that also arose in Patricia Urquiola's incredibly
   jam-packed talk, delivered with breathtaking speed and charm: these
   high-end products often are years in production. The impression,
   especially with someone as prolific as Urquiola, could be that her
   designs are churned out, while in fact there's an extensive
   behind-the-scenes process that takes a lot of time, passion and hard
   work.
   Talking of passion, I liked the way Urquiola paused in her breakneck
   delivery to tell us how this or that piece carried a lot of emotion for
   her. And talking of emotion, I'm passionately in love with her Flo Easy
   Chair (above) and the Tropicalia chair (below).
   Ferran Adria - Rigour and honesty
   Another Spaniard was up after this - the very charismatic Ferran Adria
   - the genius behind ElBulli. His committment to exploration in his
   innovation in a design field as ephemeral as food is quite astonishing,
   particularly for a non-foodie like me. I couldn't help feeling some
   sympathy for whoever the Design Indaba had appointed to find lunch for
   Ferran Adria. What a frightening job description!
   Black sesame sponge cake with miso (image from Chubby Hubby)
   Marcel Wanders - Fabulous and fun
   Lastl up was Marcel Wanders, who says "fabulous" and "fun" a lot. He's
   clearly a flamboyant and playful personality, and this comes across in
   his work. There's a sense that, perched as he is on the tip top of the
   high end, he feels the freedom to do pretty much whatever he likes. And
   sometimes he does just that, as with his Airborne Snotty vase series,
   based on high tech analysis of the flying droplets of a sneeze.
   But also, he uses his freedom to makes sublimely lovely and rare
   things, like the Fishnet Chair, only available in a limited edition of
   20.
   So that's my impressions of the high end so far at the Design Indaba
   this year. I'll be back again with Expo news soon.
   Posted by Heather Moore at 08:31 1 comment:
   Labels: design and designers, design icons, Design Indaba 09

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Previously

     * March (9)
     * February (20)
     * January (22)
     * December (19)
     * November (18)
     * October (24)
     * September (22)
     * August (22)
     * July (24)
     * June (15)
     * May (16)
     * April (18)
     * March (20)
     * February (17)
     * January (17)
     * December (19)
     * November (31)
     * October (13)



   Site Meter
