   #Wine, Wit, and Wisdom » Feed Wine, Wit, and Wisdom » Comments Feed

Wine, Wit, and Wisdom

   The Official Blog of the Society of Wine Educators

   Skip to content
     * Home
     * About SWE
          + Guest Posts and Guest SWEbinars!
     * Conference Recaps 2019
          + Conference Recaps 2018
          + Conference Recaps 2017
          + Conference Recaps 2016
          + Conference Recaps 2015
          + Conference Recaps 2014
     * SWEbinars
          + SWEbinars…Next Up!
          + 2019-2020 SWEbinar Schedule
          + SWEbinar Trouble Shooting
          + Certification Summits
               o Certification Summit: South Africa’s Coastal Region
               o Certification Summit: Alpine Trek
               o Certification Summit: Australia Beyond Shiraz
     * Wine & Spirits Maps
          + SWE Wine Maps – 2020
               o Austria: SWE Wine Map 2020
               o France: SWE Wine Map 2020
               o Italy: SWE Map 2020
               o Portugal: SWE Wine Map 2020
               o Spain: SWE Wine Map 2020
               o US—California: SWE Wine Map 2020
               o US—Oregon: SWE Wine Map 2020
          + SWE Wine Maps – 2019
               o Argentina—SWE Map 2019
               o Australia—SWE Map 2019
               o Austria—SWE Map 2019
               o Chile—SWE Map 2019
               o China—SWE Map 2019
               o France—SWE Map 2019
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Alsace
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Beaujolais
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Bordeaux
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Burgundy
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Chablis
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Champagne
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Côte de Beaune
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Côte de Nuits
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Languedoc-Roussillon
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Libournais
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Loire Valley
                    # SWE Map 2019: France—Rhône Valley
               o Germany—SWE Map 2019
               o Greece—SWE Map 2019
               o Italy—SWE Map 2019
                    # SWE Map 2019: Italy—Friuli-Venezia Giulia
                    # SWE Map 2019: Italy—Piedmont
                    # SWE Map 2019: Italy—Piedmont Subregions
                    # SWE Map 2019: Italy—Tre Venezie
                    # SWE Map 2019: Italy—Tuscany
                    # SWE Map 2019: Italy—Chianti
                    # SWE Map 2019: Italy—Veneto
               o New Zealand—SWE Map 2019
               o Portugal—SWE Map 2019
                    # SWE Map 2019: Portugal—Douro Region
               o South Africa—SWE Map 2019
               o Spain—SWE Map 2019
                    # SWE Map 2019: Spain—Rioja DOCa
               o US: California—SWE Map 2019
                    # SWE Map 2019: California—Central Coast
                    # SWE Map 2019: California—Northern Central Coast
                    # SWE Map 2019: California—Lodi
                    # SWE Map 2019: California—Napa
                    # SWE Map 2019: California—Sonoma
               o US: New York State—SWE Map 2019
               o US: Oregon—SWE Map 2019
                    # SWE Map 2019: Oregon’s Willamette Valley
               o US: Washington State—SWE Map 2019
          + SWE Wine Maps – 2018
               o Argentina: SWE Map 2018
               o Australia: SWE Map 2018
               o Austria: SWE Map 2018
               o Chile: SWE Map 2018
               o China: SWE Map 2018
               o France: SWE Map 2018
                    # France— Côte de Nuits: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Alsace: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Beaujolais: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Bordeaux: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Burgundy: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Chablis: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Champagne: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Côte de Beaune: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Languedoc-Roussillon: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Libournais: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Loire Valley: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Pessac-Léognan: SWE Map 2018
                    # France—Rhône Valley: SWE Map 2018
               o Germany: SWE Map 2018
               o Greece: SWE Map 2018
               o Italy: SWE Map 2018
                    # Italy—Friuli-Venezia Giulia: SWE Map 2018
                    # Italy—Piedmont Subregions: SWE Map 2018
                    # Italy—Piedmont: SWE Map 2018
                    # Italy—Tre Venezie: SWE Map 2018
                    # Italy—Tuscany: SWE Map 2018
                    # Italy—Veneto: SWE Map 2018
                    # Italy—Chianti: SWE Map 2018
               o New Zealand: SWE Map 2018
               o Portugal: SWE Map 2018
                    # Portugal—Douro Region: SWE Map 2018
               o South Africa: SWE Map 2018
               o Spain: SWE Map 2018
                    # Spain—Rioja DOCa: SWE Map 2018
               o US—California: SWE Map 2018
                    # California—Central Coast: SWE Map 2018
                    # California—Lodi: SWE Map 2018
                    # California—Napa: SWE Map 2018
                    # California—North Central Coast: SWE Map 2018
                    # California—Sonoma County: SWE Map 2018
               o US—New York State: SWE Map 2018
               o US—Oregon: SWE Map 2018
                    # US—Oregon’s Willamette Valley: SWE Map 2018
               o US—Washington State: SWE Map 2018
          + SWE Wine Maps – 2017
               o Argentina – SWE Map 2017
               o Australia – SWE Map 2017
               o Austria – SWE Map 2017
               o Chile – SWE Map 2017
               o China – SWE Map 2017
               o France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Alsace – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Beaujolais – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Bordeaux – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Burgundy – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Chablis – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Champagne – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Côte de Beaune – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Côte de Nuits – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Languedoc-Roussillon – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Libournais – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Loire Valley – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Pessac-Léognan – France – SWE Map 2017
                    # Rhône Valley – France – SWE Map 2017
               o Germany – SWE Map 2017
               o Greece – SWE Map 2017
               o India – SWE Map 2017
               o Italy – SWE Map 2017
                    # Chianti – Italy – SWE Map 2017
                    # Friuli-Venezia Giulia – Italy – SWE Map 2017
                    # Piedmont – Italy – SWE Map 2017
                         @ Piedmont subregions – Italy – SWE Map 2017
                    # Tre Venezie – Italy – SWE Map 2017
                    # Tuscany – Italy – SWE Map 2017
                    # Veneto – Italy – SWE Map 2017
               o New Zealand – SWE Map 2017
               o Portugal – SWE Map 2017
                    # Douro – Portugal – SWE Map 2017
               o South Africa – SWE Map 2017
               o Spain – SWE Map 2017
                    # Rioja – Spain – SWE Map 2017
               o California – SWE Map 2017
                    # Central Coast California – SWE Map 2017
                    # Lodi – California – SWE Map 2017
                    # Napa – California – SWE Wine Map 2017
                    # North Central Coast, CA – SWE Map 2017
                    # Sonoma – California – SWE Map 2017
               o New York State – SWE Map 2017
               o Oregon – SWE Map 2017
                    # Willamette Valley – SWE Map 2017
               o Washington State – SWE Map 2017
          + SWE Distilled Spirits Maps
               o Scotch Whisky Producing Regions
               o The Armagnac Region
               o The Cognac Region
               o The Tequila-Producing Regions
               o Diagram of a Pot Still
               o Diagram of a Column Still
               o Diagram of a Hybrid Still
     * Wine and Spirit World Updates
          + Wine World Update: AVAs
          + Wine World Updates: the New World
          + Wine World Updates: Europe and the EU
          + News and Updates from the World of Distilled Spirits
     * Online Test Prep Classes
          + Additional Resources for CSW Candidates
          + Additional Resources for CSS Candidates
     * Study Guide & Exam Updates
          + CSW Study Guide and Exam Updates
          + CSS Study Guide and Exam Updates
          + CWE Candidate Manual and Exam Updates
          + Workbook Answer Keys
     * Wine Links
          + Spirits Links

   « Older posts

The Society of Wine Educators

     By admin | March 17, 2013 - 11:53 am | News of The Wine World
   Comments Off on The Society of Wine Educators

   SWE New logo wtext



   The Society of Wine Educators is a membership-based nonprofit
   organization focused on providing wine and spirits education along with
   the conferral of several certifications. The Society is internationally
   recognized, and its programs are highly regarded both for their quality
   and relevance to the industry.

   The mission of the SWE is to set the standard for quality and
   responsible wine and spirits education and professional certification.

Congratulations on your Promotion: Carnuntum DAC!

     By admin | October 1, 2019 - 1:39 pm | A Sense of Place, News of The
   Wine World
   Leave a comment
   Map via www.austrianwine.com

   Map via www.austrianwine.com

   The Carnuntum wine growing region— located in Austria’s
   Niederösterreich (state of Lower Austria)—has been promoted to
   Districtus Austriae Controllatus (DAC) status! With this new
   announcement, effective today (October 1, 2019), Austria has a total of
   14 DAC wine-producing regions—described by the Austrian Wine Marketing
   Board  as areas with “specific protections in place for regionally
   typical wines.”

   Wine produced under the Carnuntum DAC will fall under three distinct
   quality levels, to include the following:
     * Gebietswein (regional wine)
     * Ortswein (wine from a specific village)
     * Riedenwein (single-vineyard wine)

   The Carnuntum DAC will produce both red and white wines in accordance
   with the following standards:
     * The Heidentor (Heathens' Gate) archway, built during the Roman
       Empire, is a symbol of the locality of Petronell-Carnuntum as well
       as the Rubin Carnuntum wine producers. The Heidentor (Heathens’
       Gate) archway, built during the Roman Empire, is a symbol of the
       locality of Petronell-Carnuntum as well as the Rubin Carnuntum wine
       producers.
       All wines must be dry
     * Red wines must have a minimum of 12% abv
     * White single-variety wines (monovarietals) may be 100% Chardonnay,
       Weissburgunder, or Grüner Veltliner
     * Red monovarietals may be 100% Zweigelt or Blaufränkisch.
     * Blended wines must contain a minimum of 67% (two-thirds) preferred
       grape varieties (Chardonnay, Weissburgunder [Pinot Blanc], Grüner
       Veltliner, Zweigelt, or Blaufränkisch). The remainder may contain
       any other grapes approved for cultivation in the region.

   Red wines are particular specialty of the Carnuntum region, and under
   the new DAC rules the Zweigelt- or Blaufränkisch-based red wines of the
   Rubin Carnuntum  wine growers society will continue to be produced.

   References/for more information:
     * https://www.austrianwine.com/press-multimedia/news/news-1/article/c
       arnuntum-is-the-newest-dac-winegrowing-region?fbclid=IwAR3ZJ3J_vfnN
       GVE6leGoQmuMXGHrW4lI4i5rG0lorOlpjDGtIb2tqUns7b4
     * https://www.carnuntum.com/en/
     * Maps of Carnuntum:
       https://www.austrianwine.com/press-multimedia/maps/maps-of-the-wine
       -growing-regions/carnuntum
     * https://www.austrianwine.com/our-wine/wine-growing-regions/niederoe
       sterreich-lower-austria/carnuntum
     * Verordnung-Regulations-for the Carnuntum DAC
     * Click here for SWE’s updated wine map of Austria

   Post authored by Jane A. Nickles…your blog
   administrator: jnickles@societyofwineeducators.org


Very Cool New Tool: The TTB’s AVA Map Explorer

     By admin | September 27, 2019 - 2:27 pm | News of The Wine World
   Leave a comment
   Screenshot via: https://www.ttb.gov/images/AVA/ (accessed September 27,
   2019)

   Screenshot via: https://www.ttb.gov/images/AVA/ (accessed September 27,
   2019)

   It’s a good day to appreciate the government! The Alcohol and Tobacco
   Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) of the United States released a cool new toy
   tool useful for wine students and wine travelers as well.

   Called the “AVA Map Explorer,” this website is a searchable map of the
   United States that will draw the boundaries of any AVA or AVAs you wish
   to research. You can toggle between street view, satellite view, and
   topographic views of your chosen spot, making this site useful for
   in-depth research on a region’s terroir as well as a handy site to find
   a romantic B&B.

   The map tool also provides links to detailed information regarding each
   AVA, including its state and county, overlapping AVAs, and a link to
   the information in the AVAs public docket. You can even plot an address
   and find out if the location is within an AVA.

   To try it out for yourself, just click here!

   Post authored by Jane A. Nickles…your blog
   administrator: jnickles@societyofwineeducators.org

Welcome to the world, Côtes de Provence Notre-Dame des Anges!

     By admin | September 26, 2019 - 2:16 pm | News of The Wine World
   Leave a comment
   .

   .

   As of August 10, 2019, the Côtes de Provence AOC has a new official
   sub-region: Notre-Dame des Anges. This makes for a total of five
   sub-regions assigned to the appellation, including those previously
   named—Sainte-Victoire, Fréjus, La Londe, and Pierrefeu. The name
   Notre-Dame des Anges refers to one of the highest peaks in the Massif
   des Maures. The peak of the mountain is visible throughout the
   appellation and—for those willing to make the climb—is adorned with the
   19^th-century Chapel of Notre-Dames des Anges (Our Lady of the Angels).

   The defined region consists of ten communes—Les Arcs/Argens, Carnoules,
   Taradeau, Vidauban, Le Cannet-des-Maures, La Garde-Freinet, Le Luc, Les
   Mayons, Gonfaron and Pignans—located somewhat in the center area of the
   Var Department of Southeastern France. The area currently has 9,640
   acres (3,900 ha) planted to vine, but for the time being only a portion
   of the established vineyards have been approved for use of the
   Notre-Dame des Anges designation. The area is unique from the
   surrounding terrain due to slope, aspect, and elevation, and well as
   soils dominated by sandstone, limestone, and schist.
   .

   .

   The Côtes de Provence Notre-Dame des Anges AOC is approved for red and
   rosé wines. The specifications include the following:
     * Principal varieties: Cinsault, Grenache Noir, and Syrah
          + At least 80% of the blend must be made using principal
            varieties, and no single grape may comprise more than 80% of
            the total blend
     * Accessory varieties: Cabernet Sauvignon, Carignan, Clairette Blanc,
       Mourvèdre, Sémillon, Tibouren, Ugni Blanc, and Vermentino
          + Carignan is limited to a maximum of 10% of the blend
          + Clairette Blanc, Sémillon, and Ugni Blanc are limited to a
            combined maximum of 10% of the blend—and—the combination of
            Clairette Blanc, Sémillon, Ugni Blanc, and Vermentino is
            limited to a maximum of 20% of the blend
     * For red wines:
          + Minimum 12% abv
          + Date of first allowed release: September 1 of the year
            following harvest
     * For rosé:
          + Minimum 11.5% abv
          + Date of first allowed release:  December 15 of the harvest
            year

   This modification to the Cahier des Charges for the Côtes de Provence
   AOC was approved by the INAO on February 14, 2019 and published in the
   Official Journal of France on August 10, 2019. Wines labeled with the
   appellation Côtes de Provence Notre-Dame des Anges AOC will be allowed
   as of the 2019 vintage release; however, the modification will still
   need to seek the final approval of the European Union.

   Welcome to the world, Côtes de Provence Notre-Dame des Anges!

   References/for more information:
     * https://www.vinsdeprovence.com/actualites/cotes-de-provence-notre-d
       ame-des-anges-nouvelle-dgc-de-l-aoc-cotes-de-provence
     * Link to the Announcement in the Official Journal of France – August
       10, 2019:
       https://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichTexte.do;jsessionid=2074AAC4BE
       B495EBE305C948957F39A4.tplgfr29s_3?cidTexte=JORFTEXT000038906357&da
       teTexte=&oldAction=rechJO&categorieLien=id&idJO=JORFCONT00003890598
       2
     * Modification du Cahier des charges – Cotes de Provence AOC – August
       1 2019

   Post authored by Jane A. Nickles…your blog
   administrator: jnickles@societyofwineeducators.org

What’s New, Argentina?

     By admin | September 19, 2019 - 8:30 am | News of The Wine World
   Leave a comment
   .

   .

   The wine industry of Argentina has expanded its scope in recent years,
   and new vineyards are moving into areas of the country well beyond the
   established viticultural zones near the Andes Mountains. Portions of
   the province of Buenos Aires—boasting some vineyards within just a few
   miles of the Atlantic Ocean—are now considered prime wine-producing
   regions. Other provinces to watch are Chubut (where new vineyards reach
   further south in Argentina than ever before) and Córdoba (located east
   of the Andes). Read on for a bit more information on these new regions
   to watch!

   Chubut: Chubut, located to the south of Río Negro, is currently the
   southernmost wine-producing province in Argentina. It also boasts one
   of the southernmost vineyards in the world—Sarmiento—which sits below
   the 45th parallel (South).  Many of the vineyards of Chubut are planted
   in the steppes (relatively flat, grassland areas) close to the Atlantic
   Coast. Nearly 60% of Chubut’s 180 acres (73 ha) of vines are planted to
   red varieties. Pinot Noir is the leading grape, followed by Chardonnay,
   Merlot, Malbec, and Torrontés Riojano.  Producers in Chubut include
   Bodega Otronia, Viñedo Familia Adamow, and Casa Yagüe.
   The Córdoba Cathedral at night

   The Córdoba Cathedral at night

   Córdoba: The Argentina province of Córdoba is located almost in the
   geographic center of the country.  The region—located east of the
   Andes—contains a series of moderate-elevation mountain ranges in its
   western portion and an extensive plain covering much of the east.
   Jesuit missionaries hailing from Spain settled in Córdoba in the early
   1600s and established several estancias (working ranches) complete with
   schools, churches, orchards, and vineyards. The Jesuits produced wine
   until 1767, when the Spanish crown expelled them from Argentina. At
   this point most of the vineyards of Córdoba were abandoned, and wine
   production stagnated in the area until the 1870s when a strong wave of
   Italian immigration brought the industry back to life.  Beginning in
   the 1990s, the area is experiencing a renewed focus on export wines,
   and vineyard holdings in Córdoba are once again expanding. New
   vineyards are planted mainly to Merlot, Pinot Noir, Malbec, Chardonnay,
   and Sauvignon Blanc. Producers in Córdoba include Bodega Terra Camiare,
   Famiglia Furfaro, and Bodega la Caroyense.
   .

   .

   Buenos Aires: In recent years, as Argentine wine producers have begun
   to extend the limits of the country’s viticulture to the east, the
   province of Buenos Aires has joined the ranks of emerging wine regions.
   The province currently contains less than 400 acres (160 ha) of vines
   in total, with Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay as the leading grape
   varieties. A small-but-diverse selection of red grapes, including Pinot
   Noir, are grown as well. In the southeast of the province, the
   Chapadmalal GI—located near the town of Mar del Plata and about 200
   miles (320 km) south of the city of Buenos Aires—currently contains the
   easternmost vineyards in the country, some of which are planted just a
   few miles from the Atlantic Ocean. This ocean-influenced region is much
   cooler and receives more rainfall than many of Argentina’s other
   vineyard areas.  Leading producers in this area include Bodega y
   Viñedos Al Este and Wapisa Wines – Patagonia Atlántica.

   Nora Favelukes, of QW US Wine Market Experts presented a session that
   showcased an excellent slate of wine from these and other emerging wine
   regions of Argentina at SWE’s 43rd Annual Conference in August of 2019.
   You can read more about Nora’s session here.

   References/for more information:
     * https://www.winesofargentina.org/en
     * http://www.vinodelsol.com/thewineries/wapisa.html
     * https://www.otronia.com/
     * http://www.casayague.com/
     * https://cordobawinetravel.com.ar/historia/
     * http://famigliafurfaro.com/site/

   Post authored by Jane A. Nickles…your blog
   administrator: jnickles@societyofwineeducators.org

Guest Blogger: Diving into the DO Valencia

     By admin | September 14, 2019 - 11:12 am | A Sense of Place, Guest
   Blogger
   1 Comment
   .

   .

   Today we have a guest post from Elizabeth Yabrudy, CSS, CSW, CWE.
   Elizabeth takes us on a deep dive into the wines of the Valencia DO!

   When we think about Spanish wines, usually Rioja, Ribera del Duero
   and/or Cava are the denominations that come into our minds, but never
   Valencia, right?

   Valencia, the city, is Spain’s third largest, after Madrid and
   Barcelona. The autonomous community—under the same name—has three
   protected denominations of origin: DO Valencia, DO Utiel-Requena and DO
   Alicante. The DO Valencia was created in 1932, although its wine
   production date backs to the Phoenicians.

   According to the Spanish Wine Market Observatory (OeMV, by its initials
   in Spanish), Valencia as an autonomous community ranks fourth in
   Spanish wine production by volume, after Castilla-La Mancha,
   Extremadura and Cataluna, with 5.8% (2.4 Mhl) of the total.
   Saint Mary's Square, Valencia

   Saint Mary’s Square, Valencia

   The DO Valencia: The DO Valencia is located in Spain’s east coast (on
   the Mediterranean Sea), with the DO Carinena to its north; the DO
   Alicante to the south; and the DO Utiel-Requena (as well as part of the
   DO Manchuela, DO Almanza, and DO Yecla) to the west. It covers 18,060
   hectares (44,600 acres), and includes four sub-zones:
     * Alto Turia
     * Valentino
     * Moscatel de Valencia
     * Clariano

   The region covered by the DO Valencia also includes some land that lies
   within the province of Albacete, as well as in some areas (less than
   30% of either of each DO) in the communities of Utiel-Requena and
   Alicante.
   .

   .

   The Alto Turia subzone, located in the northwest of the Province,
   produces dry white wine only. It is a mountainous zone, with extreme
   temperatures and a wide diurnal swing, where mostly white grapes are
   cultivated in an altitude between 700 and 1100 meters (2,300 and 3,610
   feet) above sea level. Merseguera and Macabeo are the main varieties,
   but other whites are also allowed.

   Valentino is situated almost in the center of the autonomous community
   of Valencia. The area under vine is lower in elevation than Alto Turia,
   just 200 to 650 meters (660 to 2,130 feet)above sea level. It is a
   sub-one where both, white and red grapes, can be found. Merseguera,
   Macabeo and Planta Fina are the most common of the whites, but Semillon
   and Chardonnay can also be found. Garnacha Tintorera, Tempranillo and
   Cabernet Sauvignon are the most planted reds. The wines of Valentino
   are produced in many styles, as the soil and climate are very diverse,
   but in any case, alcohol strength tend to be higher than in other
   zones.
   .

   .

   Moscatel de Valencia is located south of Alto Turia and Valentino, and
   is more highly influenced by the Mediterranean breezes. Of course, the
   main grape here is Moscatel, mainly used to produce Vin de Liqueur
   (“Vino de Licor” or “Mistelas”). Vineyards are no more than 250 meters
   (820 feet) above the sea level.

   Clariano, in the south of the DO Valencia, is an area with two
   different climates due to the presence of both valleys and mountains.
   White grapes are primarily cultivated in the area closest to the sea,
   while the interior—with warmer temperatures and higher elevations—is
   planted mainly to red grapes including Garnacha Tintorera, Monastrell,
   Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo.

   Grapes and Wine Styles: The focus of the DO Valencia is on indigenous
   grapes. Most producers strive to showcase the authenticity of the
   region, even when they also cultivate international red and white
   varieties. The wines—both white and red—tend towards freshness, with
   good acidity and a mineral (even salty) character. The fruitiness is
   the main characteristic in the nose and the palate. However, this
   region is well known for its famed dessert wines.

   The authorized grape varieties are:
     * Whites: Chardonnay, Gewürztraminer, Macabeo, Malvasía, Merseguera,
       Moscatel de Alejandría, Moscatel Grano Menudo, Planta Fina de
       Pedralba, Planta Nova, Pedro Ximénez, Riesling, Sauvignon Blanc,
       Semillon, Tortosí, Verdejo, Verdil and Viognier
     * Reds: Bobal, Bonicaire, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc,
       Forcallat Tinta, Garnacha, Graciano, Malbec, Mandó, Marselán,
       Mencía, Merlot, Monastrell, Mazuelo, Petit Verdot, Pinot Noir,
       Syrah, Tempranillo and Tintorera.

   Xàtiva Castle, Valencia

   Xàtiva Castle, Valencia

   Click here for a pdf detailing the styles of wine produced in the
   region: The wines of the Valencia DO

   Valencia has its own port on the Mediterranean Sea—the fifth busiest
   seaport in Europe, and the largest in Spain. Because of its location,
   this community has been strongly focused on markets outside Spain
   rather than at home, maintaining the impetus on high quality products.

   More than 500 wineries are located in Valencia, and the region now has
   its own wine route—the Ruta del Vino DO Valencia—helping to increase
   enotourism in the area. If you can find a wine from Valencia, don’t
   hesitate to buy it. Valencia is also home to two high-quality Vinos de
   Pago: Vino de Pago El Terrerazo and Vino de Pago Los Balagueses. You
   are guaranteed a great Spanish wine experience!
   .

   .

   About the author: Elizabeth Yabrudy, CSS, CSW, CWE is a sommelier and
   journalist residing in Venezuela. To date, she the only Venezuelan—and
   the only South American—to have achieved the Certified Wine Educator
   designation from the Society of Wine Educators. In addition, Elizabeth
   is the winner of the 2018 Banfi Award, having received the highest
   combined total score of any candidate sitting the CWE in 2018. She
   stays busy teaching and writing about wine and spirits, as well as
   leading tastings and service training. In addition to her wine and
   spirits credentials, Elizabeth has a Master’s Degree in Electronic
   Publishing from City University in London. You can find her online at
   ElizabethYabrudy.wordpress.com.

   References/for more information:
     * http://www.dovalencia.info
     * http://foodswinesfromspain.com
     * https://www.oemv.es
     * Pliego de Condiciones – DO Valencia
     * Pliego de Condiciones – Vino de Pago El Terrerazo
     * Pliego de Condiciones Vino de Pago Los Balagueses

Guest Blogger: Bucket List Bianco

     By admin | September 10, 2019 - 12:00 pm | Guest Blogger
   Leave a comment
   .

   .

   Today we have a guest post from a frequent contributor that we know as
   Candi, CSW. Read on to see how Candi learned to appreciate unique
   Italian wines.

   The wine geek in me has several bucket list destinations. Places that I
   want to visit when the time is right and before aging overtakes my
   ability to travel with enjoyment. At the top of the list is Italy.
   Followed by Spain and Chile. Back to Numero Uno.

   The nearest major city, where I do my Somm volunteer gigs, is second
   tier in terms of population, density, etc. Not at the level of New
   York, Atlanta, Dallas, Washington D.C., or Boston. But our city was
   recently a stop on a major tour sponsored by the Italian Ministry of
   Economic Development and the Italian Trade Agency, along with the
   Italian wine industry.

   In my opinion, we live in difficult economic times. And a few European
   countries that have significant challenges appear to be engaging in
   this type of effort to promote their wine industry. I attended a
   Spanish event two years ago.
   .

   .

   Two months ago, the word went out in the local Somm community. Italian
   event coming! A big “get”, to use a journalism term. Or a “score”. Or
   just recognition that our community is becoming more established as an
   American wine industry destination. And the message to us was clear:
   please attend. We need a large head count. So I checked event date and
   time with my beloved Designated Driver (i.e., husband). All clear.

   Hmmm. Italian. Trade only; complimentary. Bucket list destination. It
   doesn’t get much better than that. Ticket obtained.

   My typical pre-event planning includes using the list of vintners and,
   if possible, wines to be poured to establish a target list. My method
   has worked very well for me lately. By targeting 15-20 wines to taste,
   with a break in the middle, I am able to enjoy and evaluate those wines
   before palate fatigue sets in. Further, I am being safe, responsible,
   and professional.

   For this event, I had a list of vintners. That’s it. And searching
   wines produced, much less typical prices per bottle, was challenging. I
   learned at the event that this was because about 40% of the vintners do
   not currently import their wine into the United States. Of course, some
   were looking for distribution. But that 40% were truly bucket list.
   They were bringing Italy to me. How considerate!
   .

   .

   Event day. Lovely sunny weather, indoor venue in an area I’d never
   visited. Nice facility, nice layout. In the room’s center, the vintners
   were arranged by number in the brochure we then received. And,
   fortunately, there was now a list of each wine to be poured by each
   vintner. Geek heaven.

   A first for me: at my initial pour, the vintner suggested trying the
   whites at various other tables before coming back and trying the reds.
   That made sense to me, as I know that many Italian reds are big,
   masculine, up-front, choose your term. Starting with or mixing reds
   could indeed diminish my appreciation of the whites. And I’ve had a
   tendency to focus on Italian reds in the past. Why not try another way?

   The end result: I developed such an appreciation for the white wines
   that they became a great learning experience for me. I’d say at least
   40% of the wines tasted were Bianco, 10% Rosato (my bridge wines) and
   maybe 50% Rosso.
   .

   .

   The Biancos, as a group, seemed to have more purity and depth than my
   prior experience. Here are a few impressions, by varietal.

   My top choice: a 2017 50/50 blend of Greco and Fiano, IGT Campania. A
   creative blend. Greco seems to add up-front aromas & impact, while
   Fiano contributes further acidity. There is definite complexity.
   Imported

   Second choice: Greco di Tufo, Campania DOCG: poured 2018 En Primeur.
   Aroma drew me in: distinguished that as more complex than, for example,
   typical Fiano. I will certainly seek out examples to confirm. Almost no
   traffic at that particular table, which meant more time with the
   vintner. Not imported.

   Vermentino, IGT Tuscany: poured 2018 En Primeur. Dry, no oak,
   definitely more complex than previous versions tasted. Not imported.
   .

   .

   Bellone, IGT Lazio: poured 2018 En Primeur. Pleasantly dry, distinct
   minerals, maybe bit of citrus. Friendly and interesting. Apparently a
   white clone of a red grape. Imported.

   Falanghina Campania DOC: poured 2018 En Primeur. 100% Falanghina. Deep
   straw color, clearly darker than the Fiano which was harvested earlier.
   Clear floral and citrus aromatics, citrus more defined on the palate.
   Not imported.

   Fiano Campania DOC: poured 2018 En Primeur. 100% Fiano. Striking
   clarity, aromas and palate show a hint of complexity, but definite
   appeal. Same vintner as the Falanghina. Not imported.

   Malvasia Puntinata Lazio17 DOC. Also known as Malvasia del Lazio.
   Reminded me vaguely of Viognier. White flower aromatics more dominant,
   followed by citrus. Both noted on palate, where citrus made more of an
   impression. Interesting that some websites describe Viognier as a dry
   white floral! Not imported.
   .

   .

   Brut Rosato: poured 2018 En Primeur. Per the vintner, 85% Lambrusco,
   15% Pinot Noir. My first Lambrusco, and a lovely introduction. Deep
   rose color, mid-size bubbles.

   Aromatics are fruit-forward, which carries through to the palate. But
   there is definite acidity and, as is my personal preference, it is
   indeed dry. Maybe I can credit the Pinot Noir for that impact; the
   vintner delivered. Imported.

   Rosato Sicila DOC: poured 2018 En Primeur. Per the vintner, 100% Nero
   d’ Avola. Another deep pink wine, this time a still wine with good
   clarity. Aromatics of fruit and citrus in balance. Confirmed on palate.
   A very nicely done dry Rose’ that makes no attempt to imitate Provencal
   versions. Imported.

   After the whites and rosatos, it became apparent that it was time for a
   break. I had been carefully hydrating, with still bottled water and a
   few sips of Italian sparkling water as well. But a sit down and pause
   to take further notes and be safe was required. I know when that time
   occurs.
   .

   .

   This event had a feature I’d never seen before and I wish all tasting
   events had. Along the sides of the room, there were several tables with
   chairs. Intended for participants to use. That was a way to encourage
   people to take a break and to promote tasting responsibly. I ended up
   sharing a table with 3 others, and for the second portion of the
   tasting, it rather turned into a fun little cocktail party! One of us
   would go get a sample, then share the glass for an aromatic check with
   others. If they were interested, they could get pointed to a sample. I
   chose most of the reds, after my break, by their recommendation.

   A few key Rosso impressions:

   My top choice: a Tuscan Blend DOCG 2013. Sangiovese, Cabernet
   Sauvignon, and Merlot. Since the percentage of grape usage was in that
   order, it worked for me as I am a fan of the first two. A balanced,
   complex wine that stood out even though palate fatigue was imminent.
   .

   .

   Second choice: A Chianti Gran Selezione 2015. This was my personal
   favorite of 3 Tuscans poured by the vintner. Since I prefer the
   sour-cherry impact of Sangiovese, this may be why the wine outshone the
   Super Tuscans.

   A Primitivo di Manduria Riserva DOP 2015. Per the vintner, 100%
   Primitivo. They were pouring several Primitivos. I wanted to try the
   one they chose as the least similar to American Zinfandel. I’m one who
   believes there is a slight genetic difference and I wanted to test my
   theory. My impression was that this wine was distinctly drier, without
   any of the jammy notes I have often noted in a Zinfandel. The Primitivo
   would clearly pair well with red food, not so much with the beef and
   pork we often enjoy with American Zinfandel.

   Brunello di Montalcino DOCG 2014. 100% Sangiovese. It was a goal to
   taste Brunello. Solid aromatics, so distinct that other tasters at the
   table went to try. Sour cherry, clearly astringent and tannic on
   palate. Long, long finish.
   .

   .

   Due to targeted tasting I missed the Aglianico Taurasi and Aglianico
   Campania. Along with a Cesanese and an Amarone. And many other Rossos.
   For me, the whites made such a favorable impact that it was well worth
   it. There will be other Rosso opportunities. I hope.

   A few overall impressions: both Bianco and Rosso blends were good
   examples of each grape adding its unique contributions. Whether fruit,
   acid, tannin, structure, aromatics or a combination. And, I was
   attracted to mid-priced wines more than the most expensive ones; prices
   were discovered after the tasting. Whether this is palate preference or
   my frugal soul, it doesn’t matter to me. My palate is my source of
   enjoyment.

   Further, I have a practice of 3 to 4 sips of water for every sip of
   wine. I had a second wine glass that I kept filled with the Italian
   sparkling water during my tasting of the Rossos. This was smart because
   the carbonation naturally reduced the amount of wine consumed. I will
   continue that experiment in the future.

   As I learned from the distributors I met, the best toast is Salute! So
   Salute! And Cheers to Bucket List Bianco!

Welcome to the World, Vino de Pago El Vicario!

     By admin | September 3, 2019 - 9:34 am | News of The Wine World
   Leave a comment
   Photo via: https://pagodelvicario.com/

   Photo via: https://pagodelvicario.com/

   On Tuesday, August 6, 2019 the EU-approved Vino de Pago el
   Vicario protected designation of origin/PDO wine of Spain came into
   force.

   The newly-registered Pago is located in the comunidad autónoma of
   Castilla-La Mancha, and is surrounded by the larger La Mancha DO. The
   registration of the Vino de Pago el Vicario makes a total of 18 Pagos
   registered in Spain (of which 12 are located in the region of
   Castilla-La Mancha). According to the fresh-off-the-presses
   documentation, the details concerning the Vino de Pago el Vicario PDO
   includes the following:

   Location: 86 parcels are approved for use in the wines of the Vino de
   Pago El Vicario; all of these are located in the municipality of ciudad
   Real (Castilla–La Mancha, Spain).

   Allowed grape varieties: Tempranillo, Syrah, Garnacha Tinta, Cabernet
   Sauvignon, Graciano, Petit Verdot Merlot, Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc
   Photo via: https://pagodelvicario.com/

   Photo via: https://pagodelvicario.com/

   Types/styles of wine:
     * Vino blanco parcialmente fermentado en barrica (partially
       barrel-fermented white wine)
          + Produced from Chardonnay and/or Sauvignon Blanc, macerated on
            the grape skins for 12 to 24 hours prior to pressing; small
            amounts of Tempranillo and/or Garnacha Tinta may be used as
            well
          + At least 15% of the must is barrel-fermented and allowed to
            rest on the lees (in the barrels) for 4 to 8 months. Barrels
            must be European Oak and no older than two years of age. The
            remainder of the must may be fermented in stainless steel.
     * Vino blanco de uva tinta (white wine from black grapes/blanc de
       noir)
          + Produced using Tempranillo and/or Garnacha Tinta
          + Fermented in stainless steel
     * Vino rosado (rosé)
          + Produced using Petit Verdot
          + Stainless steel fermentation
     * Vino blanco semidulce (semi-sweet white wine)
          + Produced from Chardonnay and/or Sauvignon Blanc, macerated on
            the grape skins for 12 to 24 hours prior to pressing
          + Fermented in stainless steel
          + 1.2% to 4.5% residual sugar
     * Vinos tintos elaborados con mezcla de variedades autóctonas y
       foráneas (blended red wines made with indigenous and international
       varieties)
          + Produced using Tempranillo, Graciano, Garnacha Tinta, Cabernet
            Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot, and/or Petit Verdot
          + Maceration lasts between 5 and 22 days, grapes may be
            separately or co-fermented, fermentation is followed by barrel
            aging (no time specified)
     * Vinos tintos elaborados con mezcla de variedades autóctonas
       foráneas (blended red wines made with indigenous varieties)
          + Produced using Tempranillo, Graciano, and/or Garnacha Tinta
          + Maceration lasts between 5 and 22 days, grapes may be
            separately or co-fermented, fermentation is followed by barrel
            aging (no time specified)
     * Vino tinto dulce (sweet red wine)
          + Produced solely using Merlot
          + Maceration lasts between 6 and 15 days, minimum of 4.5%
            residual sugar

   The area is named for the Vicario Dam, located along the River
   Guadiana. The demarcated area is located about 2 km (1.2 miles) from
   the river itself and consists of gently rolling hills leading to the
   banks of the river. The limestone soil is shallow and contains an
   exceptionally high level of calcium. The proximity to the river (and
   its temperature-moderating effects) as well as the unique soil of the
   area help to differentiate the Pago del Vicario PDO from the remainder
   of the La Mancha DO.

   Welcome to the world, Vino de Pago el Vicario!

   References/for more information:
     * EU Commission Implementing Decsion – Registration of Vino de Pago
       Vicario
     * Official Journal of the European Union for August 6, 2019 (see page
       11)
     * Pliego de Condiciones Vino de Pago el Vicario
     * Pago del Vicario

   Post authored by Jane A. Nickles…your blog
   administrator: jnickles@societyofwineeducators.org

SWE 2019 Conference Recaps

     By admin | August 31, 2019 - 8:07 am | Events
   Leave a comment
   .

   .

   SWE’s 43rd Annual Conference, held in August of 2019 in Washington DC,
   was a tremendous success! SWE would like to thank all of our
   volunteers, speakers, and the SWE Board of Directors for all of their
   help with this enormous annual undertaking!

   Whether you were able to join us this year or not, you might enjoy
   looking over our slate of conference session recaps. Just click here!

   SAVE THE DATE: SWE’s 44th Annual Conference will be in Indian Wells,
   CA, August 12-14, 2020, at the Renaissance Indian Wells Resort and Spa.

   Note: If you are a conference speaker and you would like to share your
   notes and/or handouts with our audience, please contact Jane Nickles,
   CWE, our Director of Education and Certification,
   at jnickles@societyofwineeducators.org

Welcome to the World, Absinthe de Pontarlier PGI!

     By admin | August 22, 2019 - 9:12 am | Grapes and Grains, News of The
   Wine World
   Leave a comment
   Photo via: https://www.inao.gouv.fr

   Photo via: https://www.inao.gouv.fr

   On August 19 2019, the EU registered a protected geographical
   indication (PGI) for Absinthe de Pontarlier.

   Absinthe is a well-known spirit drink with a fascinating and somewhat
   checkered history. By most accounts, it best-known for the period of
   time (1915 – 1990 and beyond) during which it was outlawed! Even in
   its modern incarnation, absinthe remains a mystery that has defied
   standardization and definition. It may be green, clear, or yellow in
   appearance; it is sometimes considered a flavored spirit drink and at
   other times may be referred to as a liqueur. While this disparity may
   continue into the future, as of now we have one absinthe product that
   is legally (and specifically) defined: Absinthe de Pontarlier PGI.

   Absinthe de Pontarlier is a product of France and may only be produced
   in the French Departement of Doubs. (Doubs is located in the Alps of
   central-east France, along the border with Switzerland and surrounded
   by the French departments of Jura and Haute-Saône.) Historical records
   make mention of an “elixir d’Absinthe” being made in the region since
   the 18^th century, when Major Henri Dubied moved his production
   facility—originally located in the Swiss town of Couvet (now a part of
   Val-de-Travers)—about 20 miles (32 km) west to Pontarlier, France.
   Map of Doubs, France (By Marmelad - based on: Départements de
   France-simple.svg)

   Map of Doubs, France (By Marmelad – based on: Départements de
   France-simple.svg)

   Absinthe de Pontarlier may be produced using an unspecified base
   spirit, but the use of locally-grown wormwood (Artemisia abinsthium) is
   mandatory. In addition, the drying of the wormwood, the maceration of
   the botanicals, the re-distillation of the macerate, any
   post-distillation procedures, and the bottling of the spirit must all
   be carried out at a single location within the defined region of
   origin.

   Other regulations for the production of Absinthe de Pontarlier include
   the following:
     * The spirit must be clear and pale-yellow with greenish hues. When
       water is added, it becomes cloudy and opaque.
     * It must contain a minimum 45% abv.
     * In addition to Artemisia abinsthium, it must contain anise seed
       (Pimpinella anisum), both of which must be macerated in a base
       spirit. Roman wormwood (Artemisia pontica) and hyssop (Hyssopus
       officinalis) may be used for coloring. Lemon balm, fennel, and mint
       are specifically allowed to be used in limited proportations, as
       are “other aromatic plants with the exception of star anise.”
     * The base spirit must be re-distilled after maceration with the
       required botanicals (wormwood and anise seed).
     * No flavorings or extracts may be used, although some colorings are
       permitted.
     * Sugar (up to 35 grams per liter of finished product) may be added,
       but is not required.
     * Aging is allowed but is not required. A declaration of aging may
       appear on the product label if it is aged for a minimum of six
       months in oak.

   Across the globe, absinthe is strictly regulated and the rules
   regarding its composition (mainly focusing on allowed levels of
   thujone) vary greatly across countries and regions. In the United
   States, the Alcohol and Tobacco Trade and Tax Bureau (TTB) has a
   proposal in the works that will require absinthe distributed in the
   United States to be thujone-free and—although this has not yet been
   ratified into law—it remains to be seen whether or not Absinthe de
   Pontalier will be allowed to be exported into the United States. We
   might just need to take a trip to Pontarlier in order to have a sip!

   Welcome to the world, Absinthe de Pontarlier PGI!

   References/for more information:
     * Technical File – Absinthe de Pontarlier
     * Comminque de Presse – INAO-L’Absinthe de Pontarlier reconnue en
       Indication Géographiqu-20.08.2019
     * Announcement via the INAO website:
       https://www.inao.gouv.fr/eng/Our-News/L-Absinthe-de-Pontarlier-reco
       nnue-en-Indication-Geographique

   Post authored by Jane A. Nickles, your blog administrator…

Rioja has spoken: First List of Viñedos Singulares Announced

     By admin | August 18, 2019 - 11:33 am | News of The Wine World
   1 Comment
   Image via: riojawine.com

   Image via: riojawine.com

   Rioja has spoken: the first list of wine estates qualified for the
   Rioja DOCa Viñedos Singulares classification has been published. The
   list was published in the July 30, 2019 edition of Boletín Oficial del
   Estado (Official State Gazette) of the Kingdom of Spain, and posted on
   the website of the Spanish Ministry of Agriculture, Food, Fisheries,
   and the Environment.

   A total of 84 vineyards were identified, totaling about 155 hectares in
   total (out of the total 65,000 hectares that constitute the entirety of
   the Rioja DOCa.

   The Viñedo Singular designation, as created in 2017, represents the
   highest tier of geographical indications of the Rioja DOCa and sits
   stop a quality ladder of three designations—including Vinos de Zona,
   Vinos de Municipio, and topped off with Viñedo Singular—each of which
   represents wines produced via more specific areas and according to
   stricter standards.
   Sample label - image via riojawine.com

   Sample label – image via riojawine.com

   In order to qualify for use of the Viñedo Singular designation, grapes
   must be 100% from the named vineyard, and the wine must be produced,
   aged, and bottled at the named winery. All grapes must be
   hand-harvested, and the nominated wineries must have had complete
   control over the designated vineyard for at least ten years. The wines
   are also subject to sensory evaluation and approval by the regulatory
   board of the Rioja DOCa.

   The list of approved areas—which includes vineyards owned by many of
   the best-known estates of Rioja (such as Bodegas Marqués de Riscal and
   Bodegas Ysios)—contains the names/numbers of the specific vineyard
   parcels that have been approved for use as Viñedos Singulares. Click
   here for a copy of the list: Rioja DOCa- Vinedos Singulares – July 30
   2019

   References/for more information:
     * Notice via the Boletín Oficial del Estado, July 30, 2019: Rioja
       DOCa- Vinedos Singulares – July 30 2019
     * Rioja DOCa: Wines According to Origin
     * Notice via the website of the Spanish Ministry of Agriculture,
       Food, Fisheries, and the Environment

   Post authored by Jane A. Nickles, your blog administrator…

   123›»
     * Search______________ OK
     * Recent Posts
          + Congratulations on your Promotion: Carnuntum DAC!
          + Very Cool New Tool: The TTB’s AVA Map Explorer
          + Welcome to the world, Côtes de Provence Notre-Dame des Anges!
          + What’s New, Argentina?
          + Guest Blogger: Diving into the DO Valencia
     * Archives Archives [Select Month__]
     * CategoriesCategories[Select Category_______________]
     * Meta
          + Log in
          + Entries RSS
          + Comments RSS
          + WordPress.org

   Wine, Wit, and Wisdom | Powered by Mantra & WordPress.
