RTNS 2017

     * Home
                           __________________________

     * Call for Papers
     * Important Dates
     * Submission
     * Artifact evaluation
                           __________________________

     * Accepted papers
     * Awards
                           __________________________

     * Program
     * Keynote talk
     * Junior Workshop
                           __________________________

     * 25^thAnniversary Quiz
     * 25^thAnniversary Awards
                           __________________________

     * Registration
     * Local information
     * Accomodation
     * Social events
     * Tourism
                           __________________________

     * Committees
     * Past Issues

   RTNS2017 > Home
   25th anniversary

International Conference on Real-Time Networks and Systems


   Grenoble, France, October 4-6, 2017

   RTNS is a friendly conference with a great sense of community that
   presents excellent opportunities for collaboration.

   The purpose of the conference is to share ideas, experiences and
   information among academic researchers, developers and service
   providers in the field of real-time systems and networks.

   RTNS 2017 will be in Grenoble, France.

   RTNS 2017 is the 25th edition of the conference formerly known as RTS
   (Real-Time Systems, Paris). The first 12 editions of RTS were
   french-speaking events held in Paris in conjunction with the RTS
   Embedded System exhibition. Since its 13th edition, the conference
   language of RTNS has been english.

   The proceedings are published by the ACM ICPS and indexed by Scopus.
   ACM ICPS

Highlights

     * A selection of the best papers will be identified as outstanding
       papers; the authors of these papers will be invited to submit
       extended versions to a special issue of the Springer Real-Time
       Systems journal.
     * Prizes will be awarded for best paper, best student paper, and best
       presentation.

News

     * Dec. 21, 2017 : Proceedings of Junior Workshop added
     * Oct. 10, 2017 : Awards and 25^th anniversary Awards added
     * Oct. 6, 2017 : 25^th anniversary quiz added
     * Oct. 1st, 2017 : Details on gala dinner added (see here)
     * Sept. 27, 2017 : Accepted papers and program pages updated with
       artifact evaluation
     * Sept. 11, 2017 : Artifact evaluation page updated
     * Sept. 9, 2017 : Program added (see here)
     * Sept. 5, 2017 : Early registration deadline extended (see here)
     * Sept. 5, 2017 : List of accepted papers added (see here)
     * August 31, 2017 : Junior workshop deadline extended (see here)
     * July 18, 2017 : Registration is open (see Registration)
     * July 17, 2017 : submission deadline updated to July 17, 2017,
       23:59:59, anywhere on Earth (see Important Dates)

Contact

   rtns17@univ-grenoble-alpes.fr
   RTNS2017 > Awards

Awards

                         RTNS17 and JRWRTC17 Awards

   Best Paper Award: José Fonseca, Geoffrey Nelissen and Vincent Nélis.
   Improved Response Time Analysis of Sporadic DAG Tasks for Global FP
   Scheduling

   Best Student Paper Award: Catherine Nemitz, Tanya Amert and Jim
   Anderson. Real-Time Multiprocessor Locks with Nesting: Optimizing the
   Common Case

   Best Presentation Award: Behnaz Pourmohseni. Predictable Run-Time
   Mapping Reconfiguration for Real-Time Applications on Many-Core Systems

   Best Paper Award in the Junior Workshop: Khaoula Boukir, Jean-Luc
   Béchennec, and Anne-Marie Déplanche. Reducing the Gap between Theory
   and Practice: Towards a Proven Implementation of Global EDF in
   Trampoline
   RTNS2017 > 25^th Anniversary Awards

25^th Anniversary Awards

                          25^th Anniversary Awards

   Most Influential Paper Award: Nathan Fisher and Sanjoy Baruah. A
   Polynomial-Time Approximation Scheme for Feasibility Analysis in
   Static-Priority Systems with Bounded Relative Deadlines. In RTNS 2005,
   Paris

   Influential Paper Award: Robert I. Davis, Sanjoy Baruah, Thomas
   Rothvoss, and Alan Burns. Quantifying the Sub-optimality of
   Uniprocessor Fixed Priority Preemptive Scheduling for Sporadic Tasksets
   with Arbitrary Deadlines. In RTNS 2009, Paris

   Influential Paper Award: Joël Goossens and Christophe Macq. Limitations
   of the Hyper-Period in Real-Time Periodic Task Set Generation. In RTS
   2001

   Influential Paper Award: Frédéric Ridouard and Pascal Richard.
   Worst-Case Analysis of Feasibility Tests for Self-Suspending Tasks. In
   RTNS 2006
   RTNS2017 > Conference Program

Conference Program

Wednesday October 4th

   8:30

   Registration

   9:20 - 9:40

   Opening Remarks

9:40 - 10:30

Session 1 - Networks I

   Session chair: Jean-Luc Scharbarg
   Eike Schweissguth, Peter Danielis, Dirk Timmermann, Helge Parzyjegla
   and Gero Muehl
   ILP-based Joint Routing and Scheduling for Time-Triggered Networks
   Dorin Maxim and Ye-Qiong Song functional available  artifact
   Delay Analysis of AVB trafic in Time-Sensitive Networks (TSN)

   10:30 - 11:00

   Coffee break

11:00 - 12:40

Session 2 - Multicore: constraints and resource sharing

   Session chair: Luca Abeni
   José Fonseca, Geoffrey Nelissen and Vincent Nélis
   Improved Response Time Analysis of Sporadic DAG Tasks for Global FP
   Scheduling (OUTSTANDING PAPER)
   Catherine Nemitz, Tanya Amert and Jim Anderson
   Real-Time Multiprocessor Locks with Nesting: Optimizing the Common Case
   (OUTSTANDING PAPER)
   Nicola Capodieci, Roberto Cavicchioli, Paolo Valente and Marko Bertogna
   SiGAMMA: Server based integrated GPU Arbitration Mechanism for Memory
   Accesses
   Micaiah Chisholm, Namhoon Kim, Stephen Tang, Nathan Otterness, James
   Anderson, F. Donelson Smith and Donald Porter
   Supporting Mode Changes while Providing Hardware Isolation in
   Mixed-Criticality Multicore Systems

   12:40 - 14:00

   Lunch

14:00 - 15:15

Session 3 - Single processor scheduling

   Session chair: Dorin Maxim
   Daniel Casini, Luca Abeni, Alessandro Biondi, Tommaso Cucinotta and
   Giorgio Buttazzo reusable available replicated  artifact
   Constant Bandwidth Servers with Constrained Deadlines
   Sanjoy Baruah, Vincenzo Bonifaci, Alberto Marchetti-Spaccamela and
   Victor Verdugo
   A scheduling model inspired by control theory
   Leonie Ahrendts, Sophie Quinton and Rolf Ernst functional available
   replicated  artifact
   Finite Ready Queues As a Mean for Overload Reduction in Weakly-Hard
   Real-Time Systems

   15:15 - 15:45

   Coffee break

15:45 - 17:00

Session 4 - Automotive

   Session chair: Ye-Qiong Song
   Tobias Sehnke, Dieter Schwarzmann, Matthias Schultalbers and Rolf Ernst
   Temporal Properties in Automotive Control Software
   Georg von der Brüggen, Niklas Ueter, Jian-Jia Chen and Matthias Freier
   Parametric Utilization Bounds for Implicit-Deadline Periodic Tasks in
   Automotive Systems
   Andreas Sailer, Michael Deubzer, Gerald Luettgen and Juergen Prof. Dr.
   Mottok
   Comparing Trace Recordings of Automotive Real-time Software

17:00 - 18:00

Junior Workshop

   18:00 - 20:00

Welcome cocktail and posters

Thursday October 5th

8:30 - 09:20

Session 5 - Multicore: global vs. partitioned

   Session chair: Joel Goossens
   Mauro Leoncini, Manuela Montangero and Paolo Valente
   A Branch-and-Bound Algorithm to Compute a Tighter Bound to Tardiness
   for Preemptive Global EDF Scheduler
   (OUTSTANDING PAPER)
   Houssam Eddine Zahaf, Giuseppe Lipari and Luca Abeni functional
   available  artifact
   Migrate when necessary: toward partitioned reclaiming for soft
   real-time tasks

09:20 - 10:30

Keynote Talk

   10:30 - 11:00

   Coffee Break

11:00 - 12:40

Session 6 - Design practices

   Session chair: Emmanuel Grolleau
   Behnaz Pourmohseni, Stefan Wildermann, Michael Glaß and Jürgen Teich
   Predictable Run-Time Mapping Reconfiguration for Real-Time Applications
   on Many-Core Systems
   (OUTSTANDING PAPER)
   Alexandre Honorat, Hai Nam Tran, Loïc Besnard, Thierry Gautier,
   Jean-Pierre Talpin and Adnan Bouakaz reusable available replicated
   artifact
   Introducing ADFG: a scheduling synthesis tool for dataflow graphs in
   real-time systems
   Guillaume Brau, Nicolas Navet and Jérôme Hugues
   Heterogeneous models and analyses in the design of real-time embedded
   systems - an avionic case study
   Anh Toan Bui Long, Yassine Ouhammou, Emmanuel Grolleau, Loïc Fejoz and
   Laurent Rioux
   Bridging the gap between practical cases and temporal performance
   analysis: a models repository-based approach

   12:40 - 14:00

   Lunch

14:00 - 15:15

Session 7 - Timing analysis

   Session chair: Claire Maiza
   Sébastien Martinez, Damien Hardy and Isabelle Puaut
   Quantifying WCET reduction of parallel applications by introducing
   slack time to limit resource contention
   David Griffin, Benjamin Lesage, Iain Bate, Frank Soboczenski and Robert
   Davis
   Forecast-Based Interference: Modelling Multicore Interference from
   Observable Factors
   Zhenkai Zhang, Zhishan Guo and Xenofon Koutsoukos
   Handling Write Backs in Multi-Level Cache Analysis for WCET Estimation

   15:15 - 15:45

   Coffee Break

   15:45

   City Tour and Banquet Departure

Friday October 6th

9:15 - 10:30

Session 8 - Mixed Criticality

   Session chair: Zhishan Guo
   Sanjoy Baruah
   An enhanced scheduler for MC2
   Manohar Vanga, Andrea Bastoni, Henrik Theiling and Björn B. Brandenburg
   Supporting Low-Latency, Low-Criticality Tasks in a Certified
   Mixed-Criticality OS
   Dorin Maxim, Robert Davis, Liliana Cucu-Grosjean and Arvind Easwaran
   Probabilistic Analysis for Mixed Criticality Systems using Fixed
   Priority Preemptive Scheduling

   10:30 - 11:00

   Coffee Break

11:00 - 12:40

Session 9 - Networks II

   Session chair: Sophie Quinton
   Florian Pölzlbauer, Robert Davis and Iain Bate
   Analysis and Optimization of Message Acceptance Filter Configurations
   for Controller Area Network (CAN)
   Florian Greff, Ye-Qiong Song, Laurent Ciarletta and Arnaud Samama
   On Combining Source and Destination-Tag Routing to Handle Fault
   Tolerance in Software-Defined Real-Time Mesh Networks
   Voica Gavrilut, Bahram Zarrin, Paul Pop and Soheil Samii functional
   replicated
   Fault-Tolerant Topology and Routing Synthesis for IEEE Time-Sensitive
   Networking
   Hugo Daigmorte and Marc Boyer
   Evaluation of admissible CAN bus load with weak synchronization
   mechanism

   12:40 - 14:00

   Lunch

14:00 - 15:15

Session 10 - Scheduling

   Session chair: Rob Davis
   Georg von der Brüggen, Jian-Jia Chen, Wen-Hung Kevin Huang and Maolin
   Yang
   Release Enforcement in Resource-Oriented Partitioned Scheduling for
   Multiprocessor Systems
   Mahmoud Shirazi, Mehdi Kargahi and Lothar Thiele
   Resilient Scheduling of Energy-Variable Weakly-Hard Real-Time Systems
   Hector Joao Rivera Verduzco and Reinder J. Bril
   Best-case response times of real-time tasks under fixed-priority
   scheduling with preemption thresholds

15:15 - 15:30

Closing remarks

   RTNS2017 > Call-for-Papers

Conference aims and topics

   PDF version of the Call for Papers

   RTNS is a friendly and inclusive conference with a great sense of
   community that presents excellent opportunities for collaboration.
   Original unpublished papers on all aspects of real-time systems and
   networks are welcome. RTNS covers a wide-spectrum of topics in
   real-time and embedded systems, including, but not limited to:
     * Applications: automotive, avionics, space, railways,
       telecommunications, process control, multimedia, cyber-physical
       systems.
     * Software technologies for real-time systems: compilers, programming
       languages, middleware, RTOS, hypervisors, real-time databases.
     * Real-time system design and analysis: models of real-time tasks,
       task/message scheduling, evaluation, mixed-criticality systems,
       model-driven development, WCET estimation, distributed systems,
       quality of service, security, co-design.
     * Formal specification and verification: application of formal
       models, such as model checking, SMT or constraint programming, to
       solve real-time problems
     * Real-time distributed systems: fault tolerance, time
       synchronization, task/messages allocation
     * Networks: network/real-time calculus, wired and wireless
       communication networks, fieldbuses, networked control systems,
       sensor networks, NoC
     * Hardware support for real-time systems: power/temperature-aware
       techniques, heterogeneous multi-core platform, HW accelerators.

   The 11th Junior Researcher Workshop on Real-Time Computing is organized
   jointly with RTNS.
   RTNS2017 > Submission

Instructions to authors

   Submissions are limited to 10 two-column pages and must adhere to the
   ACM format. For convenience, we provide below the templates:
     * LaTeX templates
     * Word templates

   The proceedings are published by the ACM ICPS and indexed by Scopus.

   A selection of the best papers will be identified as outstanding
   papers; the authors of these papers will be invited to submit extended
   versions to a special issue of the Springer Real-Time Systems journal.
   RTNS will have the artifact evaluation for the accepted papers, to
   guarantee the availability of source code and data to replicate the
   experiments.

   Authors submitting a paper to RTNS confirm that neither the paper, nor
   a version of it, is under submission elsewhere nor will be submitted
   elsewhere before notification by RTNS, and that if the paper is
   accepted, at least one author will register by the special registration
   deadline, and present the paper at the conference.
   The link to the Easychair submission page is here
   RTNS2017 > Artifact evaluation

Artifact Evaluation

   We give the opportunity to authors of papers accepted to the conference
   to submit an artifact establishing the reproducibility of the
   computational results described in their paper.
   The objective of Artifact Evaluation (AE) is to reward efforts made by
   researchers to allow others to replicate their experiments. The AE
   enables to reproduce results, which helps researchers to build on top
   of each other's work and to compare results in a fair manner. The AE
   reviewers do not evaluate the correctness of the experimental results
   obtained using the artifact, only that these results can be reproduced.
   The reviewing process is single-blind. Reviewers should be able to
   evaluate submitted artifacts using regular computing resources. Please
   feel free to contact the AE chair if you would like to submit an
   artifact for which this is not possible.
   Submitted artifacts will be awarded badges as described in the ACM
   policy. See the program or accepted papers for papers with awarded
   badges.

Important dates

     * Artifact submission deadline: 15^th September 2017
     * Notification of acceptance: 26^th September 2017

Submission Process

   To submit an artifact, use the easychair submission website

    Specify the following fields:
     * Authors: same as for the (already accepted) paper,
     * Title: same as for the (already accepted) paper,
     * Abstract: same as for the (already accepted) paper,
     * Keywords: use this field to specify the url at which we can find
       the information about the artifact and the artifact code. You
       should specify at least three keywords. Among these there must be a
       file containing instructions for the evaluators. If not all three
       lines are needed, fill three lines of keywords to enable the
       submission. A typical example:
          + instructions: url of instruction file (for instance a .pdf or
            .txt file);
          + code: link to the code (for instance a zip file or a
            repository);
          + vm: link to a virtual machine image (if any).
     * Paper: include the PDF version of your paper. The instruction file
       should specify which results in the paper are reproducible.

   A nice HOWTO for preparing an artifact evaluation package is available
   online at http://bit.ly/HOWTO-AEC.

Artifact Evaluation Committee

     * Antoine Bertout (Université de Poitiers, FR)
     * Muhammad Ali Awan (CISTER, PT)
     * Alessandro Biondi (Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna, IT)
     * Julien Forget (chair), (Université de Lille, FR)
     * David Griffin, (University of York, UK)
     * Youcheng Sun (University of Oxford, UK)
     * Houssam-Eddine Zahaf (Università di Modena e Reggio Emilia, IT)

Additional information

   Here is a list of useful links related to artifact evaluation in other
   computer science research communities:
     * How to package an artifact
     * About Reviewing
     * Examples of accepted artifacts at other conferences

Contact

   Please contact Julien Forget (julien dot forget at univ dash lille1 dot
   fr) for any questions, concerns or comments.
   RTNS2017 > Keynote talk

Keynote Talk

   Luca Benini

   Luca Benini,
   Department of Inform.Technol.Electrical Eng.
   ETH Zurich, Switzerland

   Title Plenty of Room at the Bottom? Micropower Deep Learning for
   Cognitive Cyberphysical Systems

   See/Download the Slides

   Abstract

   Deep convolutional neural networks are being regarded today as an
   extremely effective and flexible approach for extracting actionable,
   high-level information from the wealth of raw data produced by a wide
   variety of sensory data sources. CNNs are however computationally
   demanding: today they typically run on GPU-accelerated compute servers
   or high-end embedded platforms. Industry and academia are racing to
   bring CNN inference (first) and training (next) within ever tighter
   power envelopes, while at the same time meeting real-time requirements.
   Recent results, including our PULP and ORIGAMI chips, demonstrate there
   is plenty of room at the bottom: pj/OP (GOPS/mW) computational
   efficiency, needed for deploying CNNs in the mobile/wearable scenario,
   is within reach.

   However, this is not enough: 1000x energy efficiency improvement,
   within a mW power envelope and with low-cost CMOS processes, is
   required for deploying CNNs in the most demanding CPS scenarios. The
   fj/OP milestone will require heterogeneous (3D) integration with
   ultra-efficient die-to-die communication, mixed-signal pre-processing,
   event-based approximate computing, while still meeting real-time
   requirements.

   Biography

   Luca Benini holds the chair of digital Circuits and systems at ETHZ and
   Full Professor at the Universita di Bologna.
   Dr. Benini's research interests are in energy-efficient system design
   for embedded and high-performance computing.
   He is also active in the area of energy-efficient smart sensors and
   ultra-low power VLSI design.
   He has published more than 800 papers, five books and several book
   chapters. He is a Fellow of the IEEE and the ACM and a member of the
   Academia Europaea. He is the recipient of the 2016 IEEE CAS Mac Van
   Valkenburg award.
   RTNS2017 > Junior Workshop

Junior Workshop

11th Junior Researcher Workshop on Real-Time Computing

(JRWRTC 2017)

   in conjunction with the
   25th International Conference on Real-Time and Network Systems (RTNS
   2017)
   Grenoble, France, October 4-6, 2017
   http://www.rtns17.org

   The purpose of the 11th Junior Researcher Workshop on Real-Time
   Computing is to bring together junior researchers working on real-time
   systems (PhD students, postdocs, etc). The workshop provides a relaxed
   forum to present and discuss new ideas, new research directions, and to
   review current trends in the real-time systems area and is based on
   both short presentations and a poster session to encourage stimulating
   discussions.

   The scope of the JRWRTC 2017 includes (but is not limited to) the
   following areas:
     * Real-time system design and analysis: task and message scheduling,
       modeling, verification, evaluation, model-driven development,
       worst-case execution time estimation, distributed systems, fault
       tolerance, quality of service, security, real-time system
       benchmarking
     * Infrastructure and hardware for real-time systems: wired and
       wireless communication networks, fieldbuses, networked control
       systems, sensor networks, power-aware scheduling
     * Software technologies for real-time systems: compilers, programming
       languages, middleware and component-based technologies, operating
       systems, tools and benchmarks
     * Real-time applications: automotive, avionics, telecommunications,
       process control, multimedia

   Proceedings of JRWRTC 2017 are here.

   Best Paper Award in the Junior Workshop: Khaoula Boukir, Jean-Luc
   Béchennec, and Anne-Marie Déplanche. Reducing the Gap between Theory
   and Practice: Towards a Proven Implementation of Global EDF in
   Trampoline

   Please consult the website of the 25th International Conference on
   Real-Time and Network Systems for further information on registration,
   venue and hotel reservations.

   The call for papers is also available as both PDF and plain text. Why
   JRWRTC ?

Important dates

      Submission deadline:     Sept. 8th, 2017 (extended)
   Notification of acceptance:      Sept. 18th, 2017
      Final manuscript due:         Sept. 22th, 2017
           Conference:              Oct. 4-6th, 2017

Workshop chair

     * Mitra Nasri, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS),
       Germany
     * Guillaume Phavorin, Université de Poitiers, France

Program committee

     * Matthias Becker (Mälardalen University, Sweden)
     * Alessandro Biondi (Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna, Italy)
     * Georg von der Bruggen (TU Dortmund, Germany)
     * Simin Cai (Mälardalen University, Sweden)
     * Dakshina Dasari (Robert Bosch GmbH, Germany)
     * Frank Dürr (IPVS, University of Stuttgart, Germany)
     * Pontus Ekberg (Uppsala University, Sweden)
     * Tomasz Kloda (INRIA, France)
     * Jing Li (Washington University in St. Louis, USA)
     * Morteza Mohaqeqi (Uppsala University, Sweden)
     * Borislav Nikolic (CISTER/ISEP, Portugal)
     * Abhilash Thekkilakattil (AtlasCopco Industrial Technique R&D,
       Sweden)
     * Kecheng Yang (University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA)

Paper Submission Guidelines

   Submission guidelines: authors can submit up to 4 pages in double
   column format, with 10pt font (the latex template can be downloaded
   here).
   Every submission should be co-authored by at least one junior
   researcher. One author of every accepted paper should be registered to
   the conference to present the paper in a talk and during the poster
   session.
   A booklet containing the proceedings will be available on the web.
   RTNS2017 > registration

Registration

   All participants must be registered. Please register in advance.
   Registration at Early Registration rates will be possible until
   September 20, 2017 (deadline extended).
   AT LEAST ONE AUTHOR PER FULL PAPER (student or full rate) has to be
   registered before September 20, 2017 (deadline extended).
   AT LEAST ONE AUTHOR PER JUNIOR WORKSHOP PAPER (student or full rate)
   has to be registered before September 20, 2017 (deadline extended).

Registration form

   Registration is only available online: online registration.
   Registration fees to the main conference:
                Early Late
   Student      200€  290€
   Full Rate    340€  490€
   Contributor* 500€  500€
   *Contributor: this fee is dedicated to participants who are willing to
   contribute to an extra regular registration fee.
   The registration fees includes for all packages:
     * Lunches and Breaks from October 4 to 6, 2017
     * A cocktail on October 4
     * A gala dinner on October 5
     * Entry to all conference sessions including junior workshop
     * Proceedings (electronic: USB)
     * Conference bag, containing the official conference material.

   In all packages, travel and hotel costs are not included and are the
   responsibility of each conference participant.

   See the form for cancellation policy.
   RTNS2017 > Dates

Important dates

   Submission (firm) deadline: Mon July 17, 2017, 23:59:59 anywhere on
   Earth
   Notification to authors: Fri September 1, 2017
   Early registration deadline: Sun September 10, 2017
   Camera ready paper due: Mon September 25, 2017
   Conference: October 4-6, 2017
   RTNS2017 > Committees

Conference Committees

   General chair
     * Claire Maiza (Grenoble INP, Verimag, Université Grenoble Alpes,
       France)
     * Catherine Parent-Vigouroux (Université Grenoble Alpes, Verimag,
       France)
     * Pascal Raymond (CNRS, Verimag, Université Grenoble Alpes, France)

   Program chairs
     * Enrico Bini (University of Turin, Italy)
     * Claire Pagetti (ONERA/ENSEEIHT/TUHH, Toulouse, France)

   Local organization committee
     * Amaury Graillat (PhD student, Verimag, Université Grenoble Alpes,
       France)
     * Rany Kahil (PhD student, Verimag, Université Grenoble Alpes,
       France)
     * Sophie Quinton (INRIA Grenoble Rhône-Alpes, France)
     * Hamza Rihani (PhD student, Verimag, Université Grenoble Alpes,
       France)
     * Valentin Touzeau (PhD student, Verimag, Université Grenoble Alpes,
       France)
     * Hang Yu (PhD student, Verimag, Université Grenoble Alpes, France)

   Program committee
     * Yasmina Abdeddaïm (Université Paris-Est, LIGM, ESIEE Paris, France)
     * Luca Abeni (Scuola Superiore S. Anna, Pisa, Italy)
     * Karine Altisen (Univ. Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, Grenoble INP, Verimag,
       France)
     * Sebastian Altmeyer (University of Amsterdam, The Nederlands)
     * Amir Aminifar (EPFL, Switzerland)
     * James H. Anderson (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
       USA)
     * Hakan Aydin (George Mason University, USA)
     * Patricia Balbastre (Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain)
     * Sanjoy Baruah (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
       USA)
     * Moris Behnam (Mälardalen University, Sweden)
     * Florian Brandner (Télécom ParisTech, Université Paris-Saclay,
       France)
     * Hugues Cassé (IRIT - University of Toulouse, France)
     * Liliana Cucu-Grosjean (Inria de Paris, France)
     * Robert I. Davis (University of York (UK) and Inria, Paris, France)
     * Jean-Dominique Decotignie (Swiss Center for Microtechnology,
       Switzerland)
     * Sébastien Faucou (Université de Nantes, France)
     * Nathan Fisher (Wayne State University, USA)
     * Julien Forget (University of Lille 1, France)
     * Sylvain Girbal (Thales, France)
     * Joël Goossens (Université libre de Bruxelles, Belgium)
     * Emmanuel Grolleau (LIAS, ISAE-ENSMA, France)
     * Nan Guan (Hong Kong Polytechnic University)
     * Damien Hardy (Université de Rennes, France)
     * Jérôme Hugues (ISAE Supaero, Toulouse, France)
     * Mathieu Jan (CEA LIST, France)
     * Jörn Janneck (Lund University, Sweden)
     * Mehdi Kargahi (University of Tehran, Iran)
     * Claire Maiza (Grenoble INP / Verimag, France)
     * Alejandro Masrur (TU Chemnitz, Germany)
     * Geoffrey Nelissen (CISTER, ISEP, Portugal)
     * Paulo Pedreiras (Deti/UA/Instituto de Telecomunicacoes, Portugal)
     * Selma Saidi (TUHH, Germany)
     * Luca Santinelli (ONERA Toulouse, France)
     * Jean-Luc Scharbarg (IRIT/ENSEEIHT, France)
     * Martin Schoeberl (Technical University of Denmark, Denmark)
     * Ye-Qiong Song (University of Lorraine, France)
     * Pascal Sotin (IRIT, Toulouse, France)
     * Youcheng Sun (University of Oxford, UK)
     * Wang Yi (Uppsala University, Sweden)

   Steering committee
     * Sanjoy Baruah (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
       USA)
     * Liliana Cucu-Grosjean (INRIA, Paris-Rocquencourt, France)
     * Robert I. Davis (University of York, UK)
     * Sébastien Faucou (Université de Nantes, France)
     * Laurent George (Université Paris Est Creteil, France)
     * Joël Goossens (chair) (Université Libre de Bruxelles (ULB),
       Belgium)
     * Emmanuel Grolleau (LIAS, ISAE-ENSMA, France)
     * Isabelle Puaut (IRISA, Université Rennes I, France)
     * Jean-Luc Scharbarg (Université de Toulouse, France)

   Artifact Evaluation Chair
     * Julien Forget (Université de Lille, France)

   Junior Workshop Chairs
     * Mitra Nasri (Max Planck Institute, Germany )
     * Guillaume Phavorin (Université de Poitiers, France)

   RTNS2017 > Local Information

Local information

   For any information, you can send an e-mail to the local organization
   committee

   Venue and useful informations

   The meeting will take place at Université Grenoble Alpes - Batiment
   IMAG on October 4-6, 2017.
   Access: Tram line B or C, stop Gabriel Fauré.
   Wi-Fi network with access control on site (including eduroam).
   Lunches and coffee breaks will be served on site. They are included in
   the registration fees.
   Address
   Batiment IMAG - Université Grenoble Alpes
   700 avenue Centrale - 38400 SAINT MARTIN D'HERES
   Click here for the Openstreetmap or here for the Google map Batiment
   IMAG
   Visa information

   Traveling to France may require a visa. See this page for complete
   official details.
   Contact us for requesting visa support letters, only for authors with
   accepted papers (conference or junior workshop), or members of the
   conference committee.
   Those requesting a letter should allow at least 15 business days to
   receive it.

How to reach the location of the conference

   By tram

   You can take the tram to get the campus. Two tram lines for the campus:
   line B and line C (more information on http://www.tag.fr).

   From the train station, line B, Grenoble Presqu’île / Gières Plaine des
   Sports, direction Gières Plaine des Sports. Stop « Gabriel Fauré ».

   Line C, Seyssins le Prisme / Saint Martin d’Hères Condillac
   Universités, direction Saint Martin d’Hères Condillac Universités. Stop
   « Gabriel Fauré ».

   Verimag is 4mn walk away from the « Gabriel Fauré station (See the
   route on Google Maps)

   By plane
   Three airports, two of which are less than one hour from Grenoble
     * Lyon Saint-Exupéry airport (LYS)
       55 min from downtown Grenoble thanks to shuttle buses runing every
       30 min: http://uk.ouibus.com/shuttles-ouibus-lyon#
       48 daily shuttles operated by bus
       Motorways: A48 – A43
     * Grenoble Isère airport (GNB)
       45 min from downtown Grenoble by the motorway A48
     * Geneva airport (GVA)
       1h45 from downtown Grenoble by the motorway A41
       Shuttle buses from the bus station : www.aerocar.fr

   Grenoble access

   By train

   The train station is ideally located in the city center
     * Grenoble <> Paris: 2h55 with TGV (high speed train), 10 departures
       per day
     * Lyon Part-Dieu’s hub: 1h20 with TER (regional trains)

   By car

   From Paris / Lyon / north of France: motorway A48

   From Valence / Marseille / south of France: motorway A49

   From Chambéry / Switzerland (Geneva) and Italy (Turin/Torino): motorway
   A41

   Distances

   Lyon: 100 km / Geneva: 150 km / Turin/Torino: 250 km / Marseille: 275
   km / Paris: 575 km
   RTNS2017 > Accomodation

Accomodation

Hotels with preferential rates within the limit of available rooms

> 80€

   Hotel Price for one night Contact Booking Code Public transportation
   Hotel d'Angleterre 93€ single room
   99€ double room +33 (0)4 76 90 63 09, Email RTNS Tram line B, stop
   Victor Hugo
   Hotel de l'Europe 90€ single room +33 (0)4 76 46 16 94, Email RTNS Tram
   line B, stop Maison du Tourisme

< 80€

   Hotel Price for one night Contact Booking Code Public transportation
   Hotel Ibis Grenoble Université 69€ single room +33 (0)4 76 44 00 44,
   Email Tram line B, stop Mayencin Champ Roman
   Hotel des Alpes 64€ single room
   68€ double room
   73€ twin room +33 (0)4 76 87 00 71, Email Tram line B, stop Gares
   Hotel Suisse et Bordeaux 65€ single room
   80€ double/twin room +33 (0)4 76 47 55 87, Email Conférence RTNS Tram
   line B, stop Gares
   ResidHotel Grenette 75€ studio single +33 (0)4 76 94 45 45, Email
   UGA/RTNS Tram line B, stop Victor Hugo
   ResidHotel Central Gare 79€ studio single +33 (0)4 76 50 77 88, Email
   UGA/RTNS Tram line B, stop Gares

For other accomodation

   Visit www.grenoble-tourisme.com
   RTNS2017 > Tourism

Tourism

   Visit Grenoble

   The city, its layout, and its history then become much clearer:

   At the center, the historic heart is dense, rich with a prestigious
   past going back more than 2000 years in history. To the west, a world
   renowned scientific complex. To the south, the urban sprawl accelerated
   by the 1968 winter Olympic Games and to the east, the university campus
   which welcomes 61,000 students.

   Naturally Y-shaped thanks to the presence of the three alpine chains,
   Grenoble can be accessed from three points: one from the direction of
   Valence and Lyon, the other from the south and the Route Napoléon, and
   the last from Chambery and Italy.

   A remarkable university and scientific population give Grenoble the
   image of a young, cosmopolitan city, one that is constantly on the
   move. The arrival and departure of the students and scientists mean
   that Grenoble never gets caught up with stereotypes. This is a free
   city!

   Just as comfortable with culture as with sports, Grenoble offers a wide
   variety of activities. On the cultural side, how could we mention
   Grenoble without talking about the Museum of Grenoble and le Magasin
   (National Contemporary Art Center), leaders when it comes to art. Not
   to mention France's first house of culture, inaugurated in 1968 by
   André Malraux. Today known as the MC2, this cultural center hosts a
   multitude of music, film, and theatre festivals, as well as areas
   dedicated to electronic music.

   As for sports, Grenoble is just a few minutes from several ski resorts
   and you can set out on a mountain hike from the city center, via La
   Bastille. The city also boasts the first urban via ferrata in France.

   With its 300 km of flat bike paths, Grenoble is also a cyclist's
   paradise.
   Bastille's Bubbles Town from Bastille's Stairs
   RTNS2017 > Social events

Social events

Wednesday Cocktail

   The 4th of October, a cocktail will be organized at the conference
   location.

Chez le Per'Gras Dinner

   The 5th of October, the traditional RTNS dinner will be organized at
   «Chez le Per'Gras», after an historial visit of Grenoble ancient city
   and a climb with a cable car.

17:00

   Guided visit (in english).

   A walk through the city centre feels more like a trip through time than
   a simple touristic stroll. From the birth of the city and the Dauphiné
   region to the dawn of the French Revolution, from the time of
   Stendhal’s childhood to the time when the Bastille cable car was built,
   Grenoble will share (almost) all of its secrets with curious visitors!

   The meeting point is set to the Office du tourisme (Grenoble tourist
   office, red cross on the map) at 17:00.
   available
   Click to enlarge map.
   See on Google Maps

   The nearest tram station is Hubert Dubedout Maison du Tourism (green
   cross on the map).

18:30

   After the visit at 18:30, the meeting point for the cable car is at
   Téléphérique Grenoble-Bastille (Blue cross on the map).

19:30 - 22:30

   A drink and the diner will take place in the "Chez le Per'Gras"
   restaurant
   .
   map to Chez le Per'Gras restaurant
   Click to enlarge map.
   RTNS2017 > Past Issues

Past Issues

   RTNS 2016: Brest (France), PC chairs: Sébastien Faucou (Université de
   Nantes, FRANCE) and Luis Miguel Pinho (CISTER Research Center, Porto,
   Portugal)

   RTNS 2015: Lille (France), PC chairs: Liliana Cucu-Grosjean (INRIA,
   Paris-Rocquencourt, FRANCE) and Nathan Fisher (Wayne State University,
   USA)

   RTNS 2014: Versailles (France), PC chairs: Joël Goossens (ULB,
   Brussels, Belgium) and Claire Maiza (INP/Verimag, Grenoble, France)

   RTNS 2013: Sophia Antipolis (France), PC chairs: Rob Davis (University
   of York, UK) and Emmanuel Grolleau (LIAS, Poitiers, France)

   RTNS 2012: Pont à Mousson (France), PC chairs: Christine Rochange
   (University of Toulouse/IRIT, France) and Jim Andersson (University of
   North Carolina, USA)

   RTNS 2011: Nantes (France), PC chairs: Alan Burns (University of York,
   UK) and Laurent George (Inria/AOSTE - UPEC/LISSI, France)

   RTNS 2010: Toulouse (France), PC chairs: Sanjoy Baruah (University of
   North Carolina, USA) and Yves Sorel (Inria, Rocquencourt, France)

   RTNS 2009: Paris (France), PC chairs: Maryline Chetto (IRCCyN, Nantes,
   France) and Mikael Sjödin (Mälardalen University, Sweden)

   RTNS 2008: Rennes (France), PC chairs: Pascale Minet
   (Inria-Rocquencourt/Hipercom, France) and Giorgio Buttazzo (Scuola
   Superiore Sant'Anna, Pisa, Italy)

   RTNS 2007: Nancy (France), PC chair: Isabelle Puaut (University of
   Rennes/IRISA, France)

   RTNS 2006: Poitiers (France), PC chair: Guy Juanole(LAAS, Toulouse,
   France) and Pascal Richard (LISI, Poitiers, France)

   RTS 2005: Paris (France), PC chair: Nicolas Navet (LORIA, Nancy,
   France)

   RTS 2004 : Paris (France),PC chair : Joël Goossens (University of
   Bruxelles, Belgium)

   RTS 2001: Paris (France), PC chair: Zoubir Mammeri (IRIT, UPS Toulouse,
   France)

   RTS 2000: Paris (France), Francis Cottet (LISI, ENSMA, Poitiers)

   RTS03, RTS02, RTS99, RTS98, RTS97, RTS96, RTS95, RTS94, RTS93: no
   official website
   RTNS2017 > Accepted papers

Accepted papers

   Leonie Ahrendts, Sophie Quinton and Rolf Ernst. Finite Ready Queues As
   a Mean for Overload Reduction in Weakly-Hard Real-Time Systems
   functional available replicated  artifact

   Hector Joao Rivera Verduzco and Reinder J. Bril. Best-case response
   times of real-time tasks under fixed-priority scheduling with
   preemption thresholds

   Catherine Nemitz, Tanya Amert and Jim Anderson. Real-Time
   Multiprocessor Locks with Nesting: Optimizing the Common Case

   Sébastien Martinez, Damien Hardy and Isabelle Puaut. Quantifying WCET
   reduction of parallel applications by introducing slack time to limit
   resource contention

   Florian Greff, Ye-Qiong Song, Laurent Ciarletta and Arnaud Samama. On
   Combining Source and Destination-Tag Routing to Handle Fault Tolerance
   in Software-Defined Real-Time Mesh Networks

   Andreas Sailer, Michael Deubzer, Gerald Luettgen and Juergen Prof. Dr.
   Mottok. Comparing Trace Recordings of Automotive Real-time Software

   Florian Pölzlbauer, Robert Davis and Iain Bate. Analysis and
   Optimization of Message Acceptance Filter Configurations for Controller
   Area Network (CAN)

   Alexandre Honorat, Hai Nam Tran, Loïc Besnard, Thierry Gautier,
   Jean-Pierre Talpin and Adnan Bouakaz. Introducing ADFG: a scheduling
   synthesis tool for dataflow graphs in real-time systems reusable
   available replicated  artifact

   Micaiah Chisholm, Namhoon Kim, Stephen Tang, Nathan Otterness, James
   Anderson, F. Donelson Smith and Donald Porter. Supporting Mode Changes
   while Providing Hardware Isolation in Mixed-Criticality Multicore
   Systems

   Zhenkai Zhang, Zhishan Guo and Xenofon Koutsoukos. Handling Write Backs
   in Multi-Level Cache Analysis for WCET Estimation

   Nicola Capodieci, Roberto Cavicchioli, Paolo Valente and Marko
   Bertogna. SiGAMMA: Server based integrated GPU Arbitration Mechanism
   for Memory Accesses

   Sanjoy Baruah. An enhanced scheduler for MC2

   Sanjoy Baruah, Vincenzo Bonifaci, Alberto Marchetti-Spaccamela and
   Victor Verdugo. A scheduling model inspired by control theory

   Georg von der Brüggen, Niklas Ueter, Jian-Jia Chen and Matthias Freier.
   Parametric Utilization Bounds for Implicit-Deadline Periodic Tasks in
   Automotive Systems

   Manohar Vanga, Andrea Bastoni, Henrik Theiling and Björn B.
   Brandenburg. Supporting Low-Latency, Low-Criticality Tasks in a
   Certified Mixed-Criticality OS

   David Griffin, Benjamin Lesage, Iain Bate, Frank Soboczenski and Robert
   Davis. Forecast-Based Interference: Modelling Multicore Interference
   from Observable Factors

   Dorin Maxim, Robert Davis, Liliana Cucu-Grosjean and Arvind Easwaran.
   Probabilistic Analysis for Mixed Criticality Systems using Fixed
   Priority Preemptive Scheduling

   Mauro Leoncini, Manuela Montangero and Paolo Valente. A
   Branch-and-Bound Algorithm to Compute a Tighter Bound to Tardiness for
   Preemptive Global EDF Scheduler

   Behnaz Pourmohseni, Stefan Wildermann, Michael Glaß and Jürgen Teich.
   Predictable Run-Time Mapping Reconfiguration for Real-Time Applications
   on Many-Core Systems

   Tobias Sehnke, Dieter Schwarzmann, Matthias Schultalbers and Rolf
   Ernst. Temporal Properties in Automotive Control Software

   Houssam Eddine Zahaf, Giuseppe Lipari and Luca Abeni. Migrate when
   necessary: toward partitioned reclaiming for soft real-time tasks
   functional available  artifact

   Guillaume Brau, Nicolas Navet and Jérôme Hugues. Heterogeneous models
   and analyses in the design of real-time embedded systems - an avionic
   case study

   Mahmoud Shirazi, Mehdi Kargahi and Lothar Thiele. Resilient Scheduling
   of Energy-Variable Weakly-Hard Real-Time Systems

   Dorin Maxim and Ye-Qiong Song. Delay Analysis of AVB trafic in
   Time-Sensitive Networks (TSN) functional available  artifact

   Voica Gavrilut, Bahram Zarrin, Paul Pop and Soheil Samii.
   Fault-Tolerant Topology and Routing Synthesis for IEEE Time-Sensitive
   Networking functional replicated

   Daniel Casini, Luca Abeni, Alessandro Biondi, Tommaso Cucinotta and
   Giorgio Buttazzo. Constant Bandwidth Servers with Constrained Deadlines
   reusable available replicated  artifact

   Anh Toan Bui Long, Yassine Ouhammou, Emmanuel Grolleau, Loïc Fejoz and
   Laurent Rioux. Bridging the gap between practical cases and temporal
   performance analysis: a models repository-based approach

   Georg von der Brüggen, Jian-Jia Chen, Wen-Hung Kevin Huang and Maolin
   Yang. Release Enforcement in Resource-Oriented Partitioned Scheduling
   for Multiprocessor Systems

   José Fonseca, Geoffrey Nelissen and Vincent Nélis. Improved Response
   Time Analysis of Sporadic DAG Tasks for Global FP Scheduling

   Eike Schweissguth, Peter Danielis, Dirk Timmermann, Helge Parzyjegla
   and Gero Muehl. ILP-based Joint Routing and Scheduling for
   Time-Triggered Networks
   RTNS2017 > Legal notices

   This site is protected by french and international copyright laws. All
   rights are reserved, including downloadable documents and the
   iconographic and photographic representations.
   The reproduction of the texts of this site on a paper support is
   authorized under respect for the following two conditions:
     * free access of the broadcasting,
     * respect for the integrity of the reproduced documents (no
       modification)

   For any other use, please contact us.
   Publisher:
   Université Grenoble Alpes
   Contact: rtns17@univ-grenoble-alpes.fr
   Verimag Universit Grenoble Alpes INP Grenoble   INRIA Grenoble Persyval
   CNRS    Metro
   Legal information
