   #Tammy Nicole » Feed Tammy Nicole » Comments Feed Tammy Nicole » Home –
   Tammy Comments Feed alternate alternate

     * Home
     * About
          + Meet Tammy
     * Galleries
          + Photos
               o Walks of Motherhood
               o Fresh 48 Baby
               o Newborn & Baby
               o Family
          + Videos & Slideshows
     * Blog
     * Publications

     *
     *

Storytelling photographer based in Munich

   Germany - Norway - Everywhere

Every family has a story. What's yours?

   English - Spanish - Catalan
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Words of Love

     I never knew you could have so much fun getting photos taken!!! Your
     warmth and friendliness made me feel so comfortable straight away. I
     was so happy when I saw the photos… you are an AMAZING photographer
     who always manages to capture the perfect moments!!! Thank you!!

                                              - Justine. Perth, Australia

     Tammy, the photos are wonderful! They have captured the boys
     beautifully. I’m impressed and will treasure these photos. Congrats
     for being able to get a natural photo of our ‘poser’ model, Thomas.
     Well done for bringing Myles out of his shell and taking some superb
     photos of him. Thank you for some amazing family photos!

                                    - Gemma and Geoff. Dampier, Australia

     Tammy, those photos of our little girl and family are amazing! Thank
     you so much!

                                       - Jez and Fea. Karratha, Australia

     Tammy, thanks so much for the great photos. These will provide us
     with long lasting memories. You captured us and the Pilbara in one!
     Your talent is more than just with the camera … you are great with
     the kids. So easy going and flexible and you are able to capture
     their playful sides … you made if fun! Thanks again!

                                    - Dave and Kellie. Dampier, Australia

     Thank you so much Tammy for taking such great photos of my family.
     You listened to what I was wanting from the photo shoot, and you
     managed to capture this in my photos. You have such great patience
     working with kids and also working in the extreme Pilbara heat!!
     Thank you once again!

                                              - Holly. Dampier, Australia

     You really have a special eye for capturing the moment… And lots of
     patience working with the heat, the kids and cranky ones to top it
     off!! We love your work! Thanks again!

                                     - Tash and Aaron. Dampier, Australia

     Thank you Tammy for the wonderful experience, you have great
     patience and the photos have come out amazing!!

                                               - Tash. Dampier, Australia

     Working with Tammy was so easy! She puts kids at ease and creates a
     happy, relaxed and enjoyable environment for a photo shoot. She
     adapts to gain best light and reflection. She really photographed
     the personality of my family, not just our faces. A perfect result!

                                               - Anna. Dampier, Australia

     Vielen Dank für die tollen Fotos von unserem kleinen! Die Art mit
     der Du auf ihn eingegangen bist und er sich entsprechend wohl und
     wie zu hause gefühlt hat, spiegelt sich in den wunderschönen Bildern
     wider. Bis zur nächsten Session! Vielen Dank nochmal.

                                        - Wilson & Julia. Munich, Germany

     Vielen lieben Dank für Deine tollen Bilder von unserer kleinen
     Prinzessin. Du hast mit so viel Liebe zum Detail fotografiert und
     bist so wunderbar mit unserem kleinen Model umgegangen, dass uns die
     tolle Qualität der Bilder nicht überrascht hat! Mach weiter so!

                                   - Lissy und Daniel. Würzburg, Germany

     Oh Tammy, the pictures of  'Unc' and the girls are amazing. They all
     look so pretty and happy, and look at the colours, so gorgeous. The
     idea was to capture the special relationship between him and the
     girls on pictures. Well, what can I say… that's a success! The
     pictures show exactly how they goof around all day when they are
     together. They felt so comfortable with you around, you can tell
     when you look at the pictures. What a perfect memory and birthday
     present. Thank you so much!

                                      - Jim & Martina. Würzburg, Germany

     Thank you for such a brilliant time having the photos done with my
     girls. We all had SUCH a good time and I never thought the girls
     would be so so relaxed in front of the camera!!! The end results
     speak for themselves and the only problem is that I don’t have
     enough wall space to put them all up! Again… thank you! It was a
     special and very memorable birthday present that will last forever!
     Much love.

                                                        - Ben. London, UK

     I cannot say enough great things about Tammy Nicole Photography! As
     soon as we met Tammy, she made us feel very comfortable and right at
     home! The way she worked with our newborn baby was amazing. Our
     Benjamin was very active during much of the session, but she
     patiently calmed him down. I learned tricks from her about how to
     calm and sooth our baby! When I held our newborn for some pictures,
     she talked me through the positions and helped me to feel at ease. I
     enjoyed watching her creativity shine through as she worked with our
     baby! My husband and I appreciate so much her warmth and patience.
     We recommend her so highly and if you are looking for a
     photographer, then she is the one to go with!!

     -Alison & Korbi. Munich, Germany.

     Tausend Dank für dieses wundertolle Fotoshooting! Es hat wahnsinnig
     viel Spaß gemacht und du gibst einem dabei ein gutes Gefühl, was bei
     Fotos ja nicht immer selbstverständlich ist. Durch deine
     Leichtigkeit und Freude dabei steckst du alle drum herum an, sodass
     die Bilder nie gestellt wirken. Ganz toll - vielen Dank!

                                                -Andrea. Munich, Germany.

     Liebe Tammy! Die Weihnachtsfotos unserer Eva sind wundervoll
     geworden und wir sind mehr als begeistert. Ganz natürliche Bilder -
     tolle Farben! Eva sieht entspannt und zufrieden aus! Wir haben uns
     alle sehr wohl gefühlt und der Ablauf war schnell, professionell und
     auf den Punkt genau richtig im "timing" (was bei den Kleinen ja
     nicht einfach ist). Ich glaube, es hat Eva an einem gewissen Punkt
     richtig Spaß gemacht. Die Bilder sind für uns etwas ganz besonderes
     und ich kann sagen, dass unsere Erwartungen weit übertroffen wurden.
     Vielen herzlichen Dank!

                                       - Kerstin & Hans. Munich, Germany.

     Tammy has an outgoing and easy-to-like personality, which made all
     of us relax in front of the camera. She is also patient, and even
     though we finished the shoot pretty quick because of the low
     temperature, she never hurried it along. She gave us all that extra
     time we needed to fuss with the kids, keep them warm and feed the
     youngest one. I was also impressed by the easy way she worked with
     our baby. The photos are amazing! Our baby boy, slept through most
     of the session, so I thought those pictures might be a bit boring.
     But Tammy managed to get out some different perspectives both by
     choosing interesting props and location. Of course; had we been
     indoors she would have done more with clothing, but the light and
     “crispiness” in the air outside a cold winter morning made the
     photos a bit more magic to us. We are so glad that we listened to
     Tammy´s advice to do the shoot outside. These photos will be used on
     greeting cards, as gifts to family, and as posters on our own walls.
     They are incredibly sweet and lovely, and are memories for life. I
     want to recommend this lovely photographer to everyone I meet.

                                      -Maja & Kristian. Akershus, Norway.

     I really love the results of the photo shoot, with the magical touch
     Tammy added to it. The pictures are different from any other
     pictures of us, and they are great for family gifts. Both the
     experience and the photos also make really good memories. I will,
     without a doubt, recommend Tammy to everyone! She is doing a
     wonderful job, she knows what she is doing, and she cares about
     making amazing results. She truly captures precious moments to make
     them last forever!

                                         - Else-Marie. Porsgrunn, Norway.

     Tammy, thank you so much for the fantastic job you did with our
     family photos, we are so pleased with them! We appreciate how you
     took the time to really listen to what we wanted, you asked
     questions about what we were hoping to get from the pictures and you
     came up with good ways to make those pictures for us, and offered
     some great suggestions of your own to make even more interesting
     pictures. You made us all feel relaxed in the photo session, and
     made sure it was a situation we can remember as fun and rewarding.
     We have gotten so many compliments on the pictures from family and
     friends; they all wonder where we found this great photographer. We
     are so, so happy we got to have YOU as our photographer! It really
     speaks to your advantage how quickly the pictures were ready for us
     too, we were so excited to see them and didn’t need to wait too long
     to do just that!

                                                   - Hanne & Tore. Norway

     Thank you for taking the perfect pictures of our little family.
     These are pictures we always will enjoy. You have a unique ability
     to bring out the best of the best when it comes to mood, colors,
     people and settings. You got our kids to be safe and cooperative
     even when they were tired! We would love to use you in the future
     and have already recommended you to many of our friends and
     acquaintances. Thank you again for an unforgettable day with many
     nice pictures!

                                   - Tonje & Hans-Peter. Akershus, Norway

     Everyone should have a photographer capturing your family's
     milestones! Lucky us, Tammy is always there to catch them all with
     her camera! I think I also must admit that she brings out even
     bigger smiles in our kids than we are able to – with her calm, happy
     attitude towards them, and great ideas when it comes to settings,
     props and composing, she brings out the best in them! Thank you so
     so much!! We love you!!

                                               - Mina & Per Andor. Norway

     We had such a wonderful time during our photo-shoot. You made us
     feel so comfortable that we could be in our best and it really shows
     in all the pics. Keep up the spirit and the great work!

                                              - Sreebala. Munich, Germany

     If you look at her photos, you can see that Tammy Nicole is a gifted
     photographer with an incredible eye for color, light, and texture.
     What you can’t see is how fabulous she is to work with! She was so
     flexible and wanted to be absolutely certain that we got what we
     wanted from the shoot. If you’re looking for a photographer, search
     no further!!!

     - Sara. Munich, Germany

     I had a maternity photo shoot with Tammy and I was really impressed!
     Thank you for the great experience, and for making me feel special!

                                                   - Kim. Munich, Germany

     Tammy is an amazing photographer, able to capture very special
     moments… I did a maternity photo shooting with her and I can only
     highly recommend her! Thanks Tammy Nicole for the great photo
     shooting! I had a great time, lots of fun… You are very good in
     making people feeling comfortable and relaxed… Thanks for the
     beautiful photos!!

                                                 - Elisa. Munich, Germany

     Dear Tammy, thanks so much for your patience, time and wonderful
     work! we enjoyed so much the photo shoot with you together. Even if
     we had some pre-ideas, we were glad to have such a professional and
     guiding photographer with us. We love the results, they are just
     stunning. We look forward to the new newborn shoot in a few weeks
     time! until then, all the best.

     - Janine & Ben. Munich, Germany

     Tammy was easy to work with, very good at communicating throughout
     the process and following up afterwards. She made us very
     comfortable during the shoot, was thoughtful and patient, even
     though there were some inevitable delays when our little one was
     wide awake or hungry. She paid very close attention to all the
     little details and listened to our thoughts and feedback. She had a
     clear plan for the time together with lots of ideas for what we
     could do and it was obvious throughout our time with her that she
     truly loves what she does.

     Best part was that we had absolutely gorgeous pictures of our 5 day
     old baby, but we also appreciated the chance to buy a beautiful baby
     book for the grandparents, a poster of one of the shots for our
     bedroom and to get a copy of a video she shot showing how the photo
     shoot went. We have received tons of compliments on the pictures,
     especially due to her sense of texture, color and the careful way
     she took care of our little one. Would highly recommend her and look
     forward to working with her again!

                                      - Tiffany & Jason. Munich, Germany.

     I had a great photo shoot with Tammy. Lovely shots and great fun.
     Would recommend her if you fancy some beautiful family photos! Thank
     you Tammy!

                                                  - Izzy. Munich, Germany

     Thank you very much for such a beautiful photo shooting! You were
     really very professional, accommodating, sympathetic and friendly.
     You had really good ideas about how to present your customers so
     that they see in the best possible way in front of the lens of your
     camera. It was all very natural and easy with you! We look forward
     to returning to do another photo shoot with the family extended with
     our new baby in the close future. Your photos with babies are also
     wonderful! See you in a few short weeks. We wish you all the best,
     wir wünschen dir alles Bestens, te deseamos todo lo mejor!!!!!

                                   -Vicky, Delia & Alex. Munich, Germany.

     I had a maternity photo shoot with Tammy and it was great. It was
     very relaxed and lots of fun and the photos are amazing. Definitely
     recommend her. Thanks Tammy!

                                                - Hannah. Munich, Germany

     I had a wonderful photo shoot with Tammy Nicole. I really enjoyed
     our time together and the photos look great. Highly recommended!
     Thank you Tammy for such great pictures and a fun and relaxing photo
     session! You made me feel very comfortable and always made sure I
     was pleased with the results.

                                               - Bethany. Munich, Germany

     I'd like to say a proper thank you for the photo session, as well as
     your friendly communication before and afterwards.  We were very
     impressed by both of you, the kindness and friendliness you both
     showed as well as the professional job you both did.  It was very
     impressive and you make a great team!  It's very hectic around here
     with a newborn and a toddler, but you managed to keep us all relaxed
     and still managed to capture some amazing photos.  I was very
     impressed by how you captured some expressions and moments that are
     very typical of each of us, despite you not knowing us very well or
     knowing our personalities and moods.  The photos are very natural,
     really represent our personalities and family dynamics and above all
     are excellent quality photos!

                                                  - Orla. Munich, Germany

     Thank you so much for the amazing photos of me and my girls!! I have
     been following your work for a couple of years now, and I was so
     happy that I finally got to meet you. Your personality and skills
     brings out the best of people, and you made us feel so relaxed in
     front of the camera. The photos are even better than I hoped for, I
     absolutely love them!

     - Mona. Akershus, Norway

     Liebe Tammy, nochmal ganz lieben Dank für das schöne Shooting und
     die tollen Bilder. Du und Stig habt so eine angenehme Atmosphäre
     geschaffen und damit diese natürlichen "Kunstwerke" geschaffen!
     Wirklich empfehlenswert!

                                             - Hannah. Würzburg, Germany

     We went to Tammy's home studio for our little girl's first photo
     shoot just two weeks after her birth. Tammy created a wonderfully
     friendly, relaxed and calm atmosphere that felt like a real oasis
     when we were so exhausted and emotional adjusting to our new life
     with a newborn! Tammy used the pauses to set up her next shots so
     there was minimal waiting around time. Tammy couldn't have been more
     accommodating in letting my visiting parents tag along and she
     captured some beautiful photos of our little one with her
     grandparents - especially valuable as our family lives so far away.
     All the finished pictures are beautiful and we had a hard time
     choosing our favourites.  The prints, USB stick and albums were
     carefully and beautifully packaged - and ready in record time
     despite all our extra requests.  We're delighted with the results
     and are hoping to return to capture more precious future milestones
     with Tammy.

                                        - Karen & Morten. Munich, Germany

     I was looking forward to the photo session with my little daughter.
     But I was also a little bit nervous about how should she and Tammy
     would handle it. But as soon as I met Tammy I got calm. So nice,
     open and friendly. Tammy had a lot of ideas to make the best
     pictures. And a lot of good props. We are very satisfied with the
     photo session and the result. Thanks a lot Tammy!

                                                  - Anna. Munich, Germany

     Tammy is the consummate professional and her experience with
     children, especially the 'wee ones', is clear from the moment you
     meet with her. We were so pleased with the experience of the shoot
     itself and the resulting photos. She was creative and flexible and
     full of suggestions. You won't be disappointed if you work with her.
     I promise!

                                       - Kathleen & Dave. Munich, Germany

     After 3 photo sessions with Tammy we are more than happy to
     recommend her, we could not be more pleased. Not only are the photos
     amazing and a memory for life - Tammy is so lovely to work with. Her
     attention to detail, way with children and expertise makes her
     constantly exceed our wildest expectations.

                                        - Sandra & Jonas. Munich, Germany

     Right from the start our little boy warmed to Tammy and the whole
     session just went so easily and was a great fun! She made us feel
     very relaxed in her lovely home studio. You can see that she is a
     natural around kids. She is also a great professional with so much
     talent. We would recommend her to anyone looking for beautiful
     photographs of their family. Surely, we will be back for another
     photo shoot once our boy is a little bit older.  Thank you, Tammy!

                                    - Misa, Phil & Matty. Munich, Germany

     We had a family portrait session with Tammy in Munich and were very
     pleased. From the beginning, Tammy was very helpful checking out and
     suggesting a good location in the city. On site she was very
     easygoing and friendly. Our kids had no problem warming up to her in
     just minutes! The overall process was very easy and the results were
     amazing. We will definitely call on her again.

                                                  - Gail. Munich, Germany

     Our kindergarten has official photos taken every year, and we used
     Tammy for the first time in 2014. She was just wonderful. Our
     previous photographers have really rushed things, but she took the
     time to relax each child and as a result all the photographs show
     happy, natural, smiling children. It's not easy dealing with
     children and keeping the teachers happy, whilst still producing
     photographs that the parents are happy to buy. But Tammy did it.
     Every single family chose to order photographs for the first time
     ever,  and she produced the prints in extra quick time so that they
     would be ready as Christmas gifts. We would highly recommend Tammy.

                               - Upsy Daisy Kindergarten. Munich, Germany

     I would like to thank Tammy for an amazing photo shoot and the
     beautiful pictures of my 4 week old baby girl! I was really worried
     when booking the shoot knowing that my little one is not an easy
     baby being awake and bothered a lot, but I also didn't want to wait
     any longer since babies change and grow so quickly. Tammy really has
     a gift when it comes to babies - what I wasn't able to do, she
     managed quite skillfully and with a lot of patience: after 10 or 15
     minutes of her holding and rocking my baby she was sound asleep and
     Tammy was able to take the "sleeping shots" which now are my
     favorite ones! I was also very impressed by the time and dedication
     she invests into a shoot - it is an art! I have already received so
     much positive feedback from friends and family about the beautiful
     professional pictures of my baby! Thank you so much, Tammy!

                                               - Kristin. Munich, Germany

     Being an expat you have to learn to do without some of your favorite
     items and familiar activities. When we moved to Germany I wasn't
     sure I wanted to compromise on not having a photo shoot like I would
     back at home, I am glad I didn't have to.  Tammy Nicole was
     professional, friendly and accommodating from the first email
     through the final payment. Through her collective world style,
     charisma, energy and creativity she captured the love I have for my
     family.  If you looking to leave a photo shoot feeling like you just
     made a friend and the confidence your family’s unique personality
     was projected onto a canvas you know who to call. Thanks, Tammy
     Nicole!

                             - Kim, Paul, Liam & Everett. Munich, Germany

     What a wonderful experience! It's been such a pleasure to work with
     Tammy... we met first when I was pregnant and she took the most
     wonderful photos of my tummy. It was the first time I was in a photo
     shoot and I thought I would feel quite awkward and self-conscious.
     But in 5 minutes it was clear that this would not be the case. She
     knows how to make you feel comfortable, how to take the most
     beautiful pictures without making you feel that you are acting...
     everything felt so natural and the final result is just perfect. Two
     months later I came back, this time without a belly but with a
     gorgeous baby and his father. Tammy had infinite patience to get the
     perfect pictures of the three of us. The whole family (parents,
     grandparents, great-grandparents) went crazy about them and they are
     now decorating each of their homes. You just can't stop looking at
     them and showing them to everybody. I haven't stopped recommending
     Tammy since then. Such a precious memory of the most important time
     of our lives. Thanks a lot for your dedication and your
     friendliness, it's been a real pleasure!

                                                 - Yaiza. Munich, Germany

     Our family spent a delightful afternoon being photographed by Tammy.
     She was extremely pleasant and at the same time gave clear
     instructions and made very good suggestions on how we should pose.
     She was excellent with our young daughter and got the best out of
     her. The result was that we have a fine memory of both the day of
     the shoot, and the photographs for our posterity.

                                        - Robert & Katya. Munich, Germany

     Tammy, thank you so much for our very first and very special
     experience of a breastfeeding photo shoot! After having seen your
     wonderful work and stunning photos I was so thankful to be a part of
     this beautiful project! Das Fotoshooting mit der überaus
     freundlichen und talentierten Fotografin Tammy war eine riesige
     Freude! Wir können Tammy und Ihre Arbeit nur wärmstens empfehlen!

                                                 - Sandy. Munich, Germany

     I had a great photo shoot experience with Tammy. Very professional,
     friendly and efficient during the photo shoot, and she made very
     beautiful artistic pictures! Can highly recommend her.

                                                - Mariam. Munich, Germany

     I had a wonderful photo shoot with Tammy Nicole. She was able to
     capture the essence of who we are and the photos turned out
     beautifully. Thank you for helping us create such lovely memories!

                                                 - Silva. Munich, Germany

     I participated in a group photo shoot with Tammy and 9 other moms
     and babies. I was very pleased with the results and the experience
     as a whole. She has amazing visions which are reflected in the
     quality photos she produces. I enjoyed this shoot very much and can
     highly recommend her.

                                                   - Kim. Munich, Germany

     My daughter and me had one of our first photo shooting experiences
     with Tammy. She is a lovely warm-hearted person with a lot of
     patience and her pictures capture the perfect moment. I can truly
     recommend Tammy and her photographic skills!

                                                  - Lara. Munich, Germany

     Amazing photos! I have had 3 photo shoots with Tammy Nicole: once
     when I was pregnant, one with my 6-days old baby boy, and another
     one breastfeeding him. They are just incredible, how she manages to
     take the most amazing photos, making you feel comfortable and
     enjoying the session... and getting the best end result possible. I
     highly recommend the experience.

                                                 - Yaiza. Munich, Germany

      Tammy is an amazingly talented and PASSIONATE photographer. This is
     a beautiful thing to feel when being photographed as it motivates
     you to show your best side. Tammy photographed our small family
     including 7 week old newborn, who isn't the easiest of subjects. She
     showed patience, creativity and exuded a wonderful energy. She
     guides her subjects in just the right way so that you can relax and
     enjoy the photo shoot. I would highly recommend her to anyone
     seeking to capture a special moment in time, you won't be
     disappointed!

                                   - Christina and Peter. Munich, Germany

     Tammy is so talented! She captures motherhood and babies in such a
     timeless and beautiful way. Highly recommend her!

     - Dawn R. WS, USA

     Every time I see one of your images pop up in my news feed, I
     instantly know it's yours. Your work is absolutely gorgeous! You are
     so very talented!

     - Dawn P. WS, USA

     Tammy's images are gorgeous. I am particularly drawn to the
     connection between mother and child in her breastfeeding sessions.

     - Jennifer. VA, USA

     Tammy was so lovely to work with, I would highly recommend her.  She
     captured the cherished (yet intimate) moments of breastfeeding my
     child.  She will lock in the treasured experience of being a mother,
     some of these moments only last a fraction of time.  She is an
     amazingly talented photographer!

     - Lisa. Munich, Germany

Recent Blog Posts

Fresh 48 – Baby Harrison

   October 2, 2017 Babies, Documentary, Fresh 48, Hospital session, Kids &
   Family, Lifestlye, Mommy&Me, Newborns, Walks of Motherhood 0 Comments

Fresh 48 – Baby Frances

   October 2, 2017 Babies, Breastfeeding, Documentary, Fresh 48, Hospital
   session, Kids & Family, Mommy&Me, Newborns, Walks of Motherhood 0
   Comments

Fresh 48 – Baby Luca

   October 2, 2017 Babies, Breastfeeding, Fresh 48, Hospital session, Kids
   & Family, Mommy&Me, Newborns, Walks of Motherhood 0 Comments

Fresh 48 – Baby Freya

   October 2, 2017 Babies, Breastfeeding, Fresh 48, Hospital session, Kids
   & Family, Mommy&Me, Newborns, Walks of Motherhood 0 Comments

At home with the W family

   July 3, 2017 Breastfeeding, Kids & Family, Walks of Motherhood 0
   Comments

Book your session in advance!

   May 17, 2016 News! 0 Comments

Fresh 48 – Baby Ivy

   May 15, 2016 Babies, Documentary, Fresh 48, Hospital session, Kids &
   Family, Lifestlye, Newborns, Walks of Motherhood 0 Comments

Mommy&Me session – a surprise for Daddy!

   April 27, 2016 Kids & Family, Lifestlye, Mommy&Me, Outdoors (Spring),
   Walks of Motherhood 0 Comments

Breastfeeding at-home session

   April 26, 2016 At home, Babies, Breastfeeding, Documentary, Kids &
   Family, Lifestlye, Mommy&Me, Walks of Motherhood 0 Comments

   Don't miss a thing! Follow me on social media
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Copyright tammynicolephotography - Impressum

   This site uses cookies: Find out more. (BUTTON) Okay, thanks
         Index of /wp-content/plugins/social-network-tabs/images/icons

     * Parent Directory
     * delicious.png
     * deviantart.png
     * digg.png
     * dribbble.png
     * facebook.png
     * fblike.png
     * fbrec.png
     * flickr.png
     * google.png
     * instagram.png
     * lastfm.png
     * linkedin.png
     * pinterest.png
     * rss.png
     * stumbleupon.png
     * tumblr.png
     * twitter.png
     * vimeo.png
     * youtube.png
   #Tammy Nicole » Feed Tammy Nicole » Comments Feed Tammy Nicole »
   publications-testing Comments Feed alternate alternate

     * Home
     * About
          + Meet Tammy
     * Galleries
          + Photos
               o Walks of Motherhood
               o Fresh 48 Baby
               o Newborn & Baby
               o Family
          + Videos & Slideshows
     * Blog
     * Publications

publications-testing

Printed Features and Publications

   2 photos published on the book ‘Schlaf gut, Baby!’  by Dr. Med. Herbert
   Renz-Polster

   Walks of Motherhood, an article on my breastfeeding project on the
   magazine by ‘The long Way Home’

   Shooting mit neun kleinen Stars, a publication on the local newspaper
   ”Hallo, München”

Online Features and Publications

   In honor of World Breastfeeding Week, I took these photos of beautiful
   Mothers by Bored Panda

   27 photos that will take your breath away by Baby Center, USA

   These are the breastfeeding photos we just can’t forget by Baby Center,
   USA

   Breastfeeding pics highlight mom-child bond by HLN TV, USA

   The sacred bond between mother and baby: Photographer takes stunning
   portraits of women breastfeeding their children to argue why they
   should be allowed to nurse in public by The Daily Mail, UK

   Best of breastfeeding: Photographer captures beautiful bond between
   baby and mum by Caters News, UK

   Beautiful video of nursing mums celebrates World Breastfeeding Week by
   just Parenting News, UK

   The most beautiful breastfeeding video we’ve ever seen by The
   Motherish, Australia

   Beautiful video of nursing moms celebrates World Breastfeeding Week by
   Babyology, Australia

   Mothers Celebrated In Beautiful Photo Series In Honor Of World
   Breastfeeding Week by Viral Socially

   15 Great pictures of the unique relationship between a mother and child
   by Idees Mag, Greece

   World Breastfeeding Week – Wonderful photos by imommy, Greece

   A photographic project dedicated to the magical moment of breastfeeding
   by InfoKids, Greece

   Lovely photos to commemorate World Breastfeeding Week by Tilestwra,
   Greece

   Beautiful photos of mothers in honor of World Breastfeeding Week by
   KeBlog, Italy

   The importance and beauty of breastfeeding in a series of photos by
   Mamme Oggi, Italy

   Photos in honor of World Breastfeeding Week by Nostro Figlio, Italy

   The moment a mother breastfeeds her child by Universo Mamma, Italy

   Breastfeeding mothers for the World breastfeeding Week by Kulturologia,
   Russia

   Touching pictures: intimate photos showing mothers breastfeeding by
   Muetter Magazin, Germany

   Intimate photos of mothers breastfeeding by FOCUS, Germany

   15 Inspiring photos that reveal the true essence of breastfeeding by
   Doula Butterfly Beginnings, Germany

   Loyalty, trust and spontaneity in a single frame. Photographs of
   mothers breastfeeding in public places by NolmUS, Turkey

   Do you breastfeed? This photographer shares her work in your honor by
   Notagram

   Mothers share their feelings about breastfeeding in a collection of
   photos by Plano Femenino, Brazil

   The beauty of breastfeeding by POP, Brazil

   Passionate photos of mothers breastfeeding their children by R7, Brazil

   Photographer took portraits of beautiful moms in honor of World
   Breastfeeding Week by Plethorist

   Mothers celebrated in beautiful photo series in honor of World
   Breastfeeding Week by Pulptastic

   Breastfeeding through the lens of a woman by Purvite, Bulgary

   In honor of World Breastfeeding Week, a German-based photographer makes
   touching pictures of breastfeeding mothers by Tata, Bulgary

   A photographer pays tribute to breastfeeding mothers and their babies,
   these are absolutely beautiful! by Spunky Munky

   Wonderful breastfeeding photos by Taringa

   Adorable photos of mothers breastfeeding their children by Todo Graphic
   Design, Spain

   When breastfeeding your child is an art by GENIAL, Spain

   Walks of Motherhood by Te lo digo Bajito, Spain

   A photographer pays tribute to breastfeeding, mothers and their babies
   with absolutely beautiful photos by Trop Cute, France

   Breastfeeding is Beautiful and We Have Pictures to Prove It by The
   Quint

   Photographer Captures Beautiful Moments of Mothers Breastfeeding Their
   Children by Art Sheep

   Breastfeeding: the most Beautiful Photos by Una Mama Novata

   Don't miss a thing! Follow me on social media
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Copyright tammynicolephotography - Impressum

   This site uses cookies: Find out more. (BUTTON) Okay, thanks
   #Tammy Nicole » Feed Tammy Nicole » Comments Feed Tammy Nicole »
   Locations Comments Feed alternate alternate

     * Home
     * About
          + Meet Tammy
     * Galleries
          + Photos
               o Walks of Motherhood
               o Fresh 48 Baby
               o Newborn & Baby
               o Family
          + Videos & Slideshows
     * Blog
     * Publications

Locations

   (BUTTON) All (BUTTON) Autumn

Let's make something great together

   View More Work Get In Touch

   Don't miss a thing! Follow me on social media
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Copyright tammynicolephotography - Impressum

   This site uses cookies: Find out more. (BUTTON) Okay, thanks
   #Tammy Nicole » Feed Tammy Nicole » Comments Feed Tammy Nicole » Posts
   by Stig Skilbred Feed

     * Home
     * About
          + Meet Tammy
     * Galleries
          + Photos
               o Walks of Motherhood
               o Fresh 48 Baby
               o Newborn & Baby
               o Family
          + Videos & Slideshows
     * Blog
     * Publications

   Sorry, no posts matched your criteria.

   Don't miss a thing! Follow me on social media
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Copyright tammynicolephotography - Impressum

   This site uses cookies: Find out more. (BUTTON) Okay, thanks
