   pexi

Privacy Policy

   Pexi’s system only tracks data directly derived from advertisements for
   analytical and dashboarding purposes. These include counting of
   impressions, clicks and other in-banner events. Pexi does not collect
   any personally identifiable information through ad serving. The only
   personal data collected belongs to Pexi’s direct clients and visitors
   of pexi.nl.

What (categories of) personal data does Pexi process?

When you are our client:

   When you are our client we collect your name, email address, phone
   number, role, billing information and any other information you share
   with us.

When you visit pexi.nl:

   By visiting pexi.nl you are consenting to Pexi’s use of cookies.
   Cookies are small data files sent by a website’s server to a web
   browser, processor memory or hard drive and stored there. They can be
   used for a range of different purposes, such as customising a website
   for a particular user, helping a user navigate a website, improving
   that user’s website experience, and storing that user’s preferences and
   login information.

   Pexi.nl only uses cookies for Google Analytics, a service which
   transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States.
   Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your
   IP address with any other data held by Google. Google’s privacy policy
   is applied here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.

When you contact us:

   When you contact us we collect the information you provide us by mail,
   through a form or by phone.

For what purpose(s) does Pexi collect personal data?

When you are our client:

   We will use the data you provide us to be able to deliver our services
   to you.

When you visit pexi.nl:

   We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand
   website traffic and webpage usage.

When you contact us:

   We will use the provided data to reply to your information request when
   you contacted us.

What is Pexi’s legal basis for the processing?

When you are our client:

   Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, for
   billing/technical data for compliance if you are our contracting party.

When you visit pexi.nl:

   Processing to help us determine the value of our content to our users.

When you contact us:

   Processing is necessary to respond to inquiries.

Where does Pexi obtain the data from (sources)?

When you are our client:

   Directly from the data subject.

When you visit pexi.nl:

   Data for processing purposes through Google Analytics is obtained
   through a first-party cookie.

When you contact us:

   Directly from the data subject.

How long and where does Pexi store data?

When you are our client:

   We store client information as long as the contract lasts OR We store
   customer information for at least 7 years to be able to meet our
   obligations to keep accurate records for the tax authorities.

When you visit pexi.nl:

   We store visitor’s information through Google Analytics for a maximum
   of 2 years.

When you contact us:

   We store contract inquiries for as long as necessary based in the
   request with a maximum of up to 5 years.

What safeguards has Pexi taken to protect data?

   Taking into account the nature, scope, context and purpose of the
   processing, we have taken the following technical and organizational
   measures:

   – Our database, and the information contained therein, is protected
   with access control.

   – Access to the database is limited, not all staff in our organization
   have full access.

   – Data submitted via our website is not encrypted in transit.

Who does Pexi share data with?

   Pexi does not share data with other companies.

What rights do Pexi’s users have?

When you are our client or have contacted us:

   Where we process data based on your consent, you have the right to
   withdraw your consent at any time but we would like to point out that
   this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing before the date
   that you withdrew your consent. You will also be able to rectify
   incorrect personal data or erase it in certain circumstances

   If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please write us at
   [email protected]

When you visit pexi.nl:

   You will be able to opt-out of Google Analytics cookies altogether by
   installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-on.
