   #SRI LANKA » Feed SRI LANKA » Comments Feed SRI LANKA WordPress.com

   Main menu
   Skip to content
     * Bala Tampoe, Our Comrade No More..! -Dr. Bahu
     * The Bala Tampoe story

   SRI LANKA
   Smile! You’re at the best WordPress.com site ever
   ← Older posts

In Haiti the Peacekeepers did the shooting, in Sri Lanka the UN watched as
the Tamil population were sent to a No Fire Zone in North-East Sri Lanka.

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

   In Haiti the Peacekeepers did the shooting, in Sri Lanka the UN watched
   as the Tamil population were sent to a No Fire Zone in North-East Sri
   Lanka.

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ml3KprXzufg?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide
   =2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&wmode=transparent

   Tamil ; Shock Therapy
   In Haiti the Peacekeepers did the shooting, in Sri Lanka the UN watched
   as the Tamil population were sent to a No Fire Zone in North-East Sri
   Lanka.
   Then with tens of thousands of displaced Tamils in this No Fire Zone,
   the Sri Lankan Air Forced bombed this zone from the air, the Navy also
   joined the slaughter by shooting the Zone from offshore. Then the Sri
   Lankan Army came in to finish off the Tamils,
   commiting war crimes, executions, rape and ethnic cleansing of Tamils
   in their own Homeland.
   No Fire Zone (Trailer)
   A film of record and a call to action: The true story of war crimes
   committed at the end of the Sri Lankan civil war in 2009
   Please do share the No Fire Zone trailer with one person today who does
   not know what happened in Sri Lanka. When you do this, be sure to warn
   them first about the graphic nature of the images they are about to
   see. www.nofirezone.org
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

When Israel bombed disabled Palestinians

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

When Israel bombed disabled Palestinians

   Girl hugs man using crutches seen from chest down
   Bassam Abu Obaid with his daughter Ibtisam.

    Abed Zagout

   [99f6c-tumblr_inline_ods51gt8lo1qb1icv_4002b252812529.png?w=930] Sarah
   Algherbawi –15 July 2019
   Nasser al-Buhaisi had just graduated from college.
   The 22-year-old obtained a degree in religious law from Gaza’s Al-Azhar
   University during June. One day later, he died.
   Al-Buhaisi had been paralyzed due to a road accident in 2006. He had
   studied hard despite being in intensive care.
   His determination made me reflect on the situation facing people with
   disabilities in Gaza. The situation is never easy but becomes far more
   difficult when Israel attacks vital services – as it did a few months
   ago.
   In the early evening of 5 May, Israel bombed the Zoroub building in
   Rafah, Gaza’s southernmost city. The General Union of Disabled
   Palestinians was based on one floor of the building.
   Approximately 50 people were told to evacuate that floor before the
   bombing occurred.
   Bassam Abu Obaid was the last one from the union to quit the building.
   “I was finishing off some woodwork and didn’t want to leave,” he said.
   Soon after he left, the building was attacked by Israel, using guided
   bombs made by the Chicago firm Boeing. Although all the people using
   the services run by the General Union of Disabled Palestinians had made
   it out safely, three others were killed in the building.

“Killed twice”

   The destruction made Abu Obaid recall last year when an Israeli sniper
   shot him as he took part in Gaza’s Great March of Return.
   “It felt like I had been killed twice,” he said. “I had a life there
   [in the Zoroub building].”
   Abu Obaid had one of his legs amputated from the knee down as a result
   of the injury inflicted on him by an Israeli sniper. A doctor told him
   that Israel had used an exploding bullet and “committed a war crime,”
   he said.
   Making matters worse, Abu Obaid was denied permission to travel for
   treatment in Israel. As an alternative, he went to Egypt, where the
   amputation was carried out.
   When he returned to Gaza, a friend suggested that he should join the
   General Union of Disabled Palestinians. Soon, Abu Obaid was an active
   member, giving classes in artistic woodworking.
   “Being a member of the union gave me an opportunity to overcome what
   Israel destroyed inside me,” he said. “It helped me physically and
   psychologically. But unfortunately, that didn’t last long. Now, it’s
   all gone.”
   Man and woman stand in front of bombed-out wall
   Yasmin Abed and Bassam Abu Obaid in the destroyed offices of the Union
   of Palestinians with Disabilities in Rafah, southern Gaza.

    Abed Zagout
   The union provided services for more than 1,000 people with
   disabilities in Rafah. They included around 80 people who were injured
   during the Great March of Return, 24 of whom had undergone amputations.
   Yasmin Abed, head of the union’s office in Rafah, gave the instructions
   to leave. “If we were a little bit late in evacuating the building, a
   real massacre was going to take place,” she said. “I heard from
   neighbors that the Israelis fired four rockets at the buildings –
   without any warning.”
   The Zoroub building was bombed in an Israeli offensive against various
   parts of Gaza. Twenty-five Palestinians were killed during that
   offensive, which lasted more than 48 hours.
   Israel has claimed that the offensive was aimed at armed groups. In the
   past, Islamic Jihad ran offices in the Zoroub building. Yet an
   investigation by B’Tselem, an Israeli human rights
   organization, found that the offices had been vacated nine months
   earlier.
   A probe by Human Rights Watch concluded there was no evidence of the
   building being used by armed groups around the time of Israel’s attack.
   The fact that Israel had caused immense damage to a charity working for
   people with disabilities was omitted from most, if not all, reports by
   mainstream media on the May offensive.

“Helpless again”

   The attack on the Zoroub building had profound personal consequences
   for Yasmin Abed. She had only been appointed the head of the union in
   Rafah six months earlier.
   Since taking up that position, she had drafted and begun implementing
   plans to benefit people with disabilities through increased
   psychological support and by encouraging their involvement in small
   businesses.
   Abed was so shocked after the attack that she stayed indoors for the
   next three days. When she felt strong enough to venture towards her old
   offices, she was taken aback by how much equipment was destroyed.
   She estimates that the damage inflicted on the union came to $25,000.
   Abed is determined to resume the union’s work in Rafah. At the moment,
   she is looking for an office from where she and colleagues can work.
   Muntasir Mahmoud was paralyzed after falling from the roof of his home
   east of Rafah four years ago.
   He went into a deep depression when he realized he could no longer
   walk. During 2016, some of his friends convinced him to join the union,
   where he received counseling.
   “My life changed in that union,” he said. “I had even started to give
   psychological support to other people. I have no idea how to live now
   without the union. Here I am going back to bed in my dark room. I am
   feeling helpless again.”
   Sarah Algherbawi is a freelance writer and translator from Gaza.


   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

‘It’s hell’: The bureaucratic nightmare facing Palestinians in East Jerusalem

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

‘It’s hell’: The bureaucratic nightmare facing Palestinians in East Jerusalem

   Despite a court order, Palestinians in East Jerusalem still forced to
   wait in humiliating line to obtain basic services
   [wadijoz.mee_.png?itok=BcVuq-1T]
   Palestinians in East Jerusalem wait in line at the Israeli interior
   ministry branch in Wadi al-Joz (MEE)

   By MEE correspondent-in Wadi al-Joz, Occupied East Jerusalem- 18 July
   2019 09
   [c4723-tumblr_inline_ods4hhkppw1qb1icv_400.png?w=930]
   In the neighbourhood of Wadi al-Joz, meaning “Valley of the Walnuts,”
   in occupied East Jerusalem, lies a branch of the Population and
   Immigration Authority of the Israeli Ministry of Interior.
   Registering a birth or death? Need to apply for a passport or an ID
   card? This is the only place providing these services to the
   nearly 300,000 Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem.
   In most countries, these basic services would be provided without
   hassle – or at least not too much. But for Palestinians in East
   Jerusalem, obtaining essential services is an uphill battle.

   ‘We are dealing with a colonial entity that aims to exhaust Palestinian
   Jerusalemites’

   – Rami Saleh, Jerusalem Legal Aid Center

   Residents and their lawyers say Israeli officials at the branch are
   purposefully dragging their heels with their duties in order to make
   Palestinians’ lives so unbearable that they will leave Jerusalem.
   “It’s hell. It’s just hell,” said Erez Wagner, a coordinator with the
   Jerusalem-based HaMoked Center for the Defence of the Individual, which
   went to Israeli High Court earlier this year to try to improve what
   they describe as “inhuman conditions” at the branch.
   The court ruled that ministry branches in West Jerusalem should provide
   some services to Palestinians from East Jerusalem, but even this
   concession has had little material change on the ground, he said.
   The challenges that residents face at the branch are just one piece of
   a wider puzzle of Israeli occupation that has made life for
   Palestinians in East Jerusalem a bureaucratic nightmare for decades.
   As a result of the Israeli occupation in place since 1967, any
   Palestinian born in East Jerusalem receives only temporary residency
   status, leaving them essentially stateless.
   A Palestinian woman walks past Israeli border police at an entrance to
   the Old City in East Jerusalem (AFP)
   A Palestinian woman walks past Israeli border police at an entrance to
   the Old City in East Jerusalem (AFP)
   But even holding on to that temporary residency is a challenge. Among
   other legal hurdles, Palestinians in Jerusalem must continuously prove
   that the city is their “centre of life” by submitting dozens of
   documents including rent contracts, salary slips, electric and water
   bills, as well as tax payments.
   Children must be registered as East Jerusalem residents in order to go
   to local schools and get health insurance, and marriages must be
   registered so that couples can live together in East Jerusalem.
   All of these services are only available at the branch office, leaving
   Palestinians determined to continue living in East Jerusalem with a
   stark choice: hire a lawyer or wait in line.

‘Like a military base’

   Under blazing sunshine or pouring rain, long lines of people of all
   ages including infants, the elderly, and people with special needs,
   regularly snake outside the gates of the ministry branch in Wadi
   al-Joz.
   There are no umbrellas to provide shade, seats or toilets, and many of
   those waiting will have come before sunrise for a spot in line, like
   Fida Abbasi, who lives in East Jerusalem’s Silwan neighbourhood.
   Fainting in line is not unusual and sick people have been known to give
   up on critical services, unable to stand for hours, according to
   HaMoked.
   But the hours of waiting, often dealing with guards who are willing to
   humiliate those in line, she said, is just the tip of the iceberg.
   After standing outside, Palestinians must then pass through metal
   gates, where men and women are separated.
   Israeli guards then call them, one by one, to pass through metal
   detectors and have their bags thoroughly searched. If someone is
   carrying a water bottle, they must take a sip in front of the guards.

   ‘It’s like a military base. No photography is allowed, and sometimes
   the guards will confiscate your water bottle or other items’

   – Fida Abbasi, Palestinian in East Jerusalem

   “It’s like a military base. No photography is allowed, and sometimes
   the guards will confiscate your water bottle or other items,” Abbasi
   told Middle East Eye.
   In 2018, the Israeli government introduced a Hebrew-language phone app,
   and obliged Palestinians to register for an appointment this way to
   obtain any kind of service at the ministry.
   But the only appointments on offer, residents told MEE, range from six
   months to a year in advance. Meanwhile, those who attempt to enter
   without an appointment are stopped by guards at the gates.
   In August 2018, four employees at the Wadi al-Joz branch were arrested,
   on suspicion of collecting hundreds of thousands of shekels in exchange
   for expediting waiting times. According to the Israeli daily Haaretz,
   investigators found that the employees had reserved hundreds of
   appointments and sold them for hundreds of shekels each.
   Unable to secure timely appointments or use the app due to lack of
   proficiency in Hebrew, many Palestinians in Jerusalem have resorted to
   seeking legal aid, paying up to $500 to have help simply to
   book appointments or fill out applications.
   Those who can resort to hiring private lawyers pay fees of around
   $5,000 for restoring their residency status, and about $10,000 to
   register a large number of children.

Ongoing struggle

   For those who can’t pay, there are organisations like the Community
   Action Center in occupied East Jerusalem offering free legal aid to
   Palestinians in Jerusalem.
   Mohammad al-Shihabi, who heads the centre, can list endless examples of
   those who have come for help over intentionally difficult Israeli
   bureaucratic procedures.
   Shihabi
   Mohammad al-Shihabi and his staff at Community Action Center in East
   Jerusalem offer free legal advice to Palestinians (MEE)
   Most of the cases, he said, involve registering children, and “family
   reunification,” a procedure that Israel obliges Palestinians from East
   Jerusalem who marry Palestinians from the West Bank, or those who carry
   other nationalities, to undergo.
   At the interior ministry branch office in Wadi al-Joz, he said
   Palestinians are subject to intense scrutiny, questioned as though by
   intelligence officials, and treated in an autocratic manner.
   One couple whom he helped, who both carry Jerusalem residency, gave
   birth to their baby in the West Bank for reasons out of their control,
   but ministry officials rejected their request to register their child,
   Shihabi said. Their response to the mother, who was in tears, was: “He
   who is responsible for their mistake, deserves worse.”
   How Israel is ‘cleansing’ Palestinians from Greater Jerusalem

   Read More »
   Another example, he said, was a woman from East Jerusalem who lived
   with her Gazan husband in Gaza until the couple got a divorce in 1994.
   When she returned to Jerusalem with one of her children, Israeli
   officials refused to grant her residency because she had been living in
   Gaza.
   Until today, she lives in the city without an ID, bank account or
   health insurance, despite the fact that she owns two homes in Jerusalem
   and has lived there for 25 consecutive years.
   MEE attempted to interview several Palestinians living in East
   Jerusalem about their struggle with the interior ministry, but many
   refused, citing fear of repercussions.

Interior ministry in numbers

   Rami Saleh, the head of the Jerusalem Legal Aid Center and Human Rights
   Center, said that between 2013 and 2018, 7,236 requests for child
   registration made at the Wadi al-Joz branch were approved out of a
   total 9,966, according to figures provided to him by the ministry.
   The rest, they told him, were under review. And, out of a total 3,236
   family reunification requests, only 1,534 were approved.
   Saleh told MEE that he reached out to the ministry to ask why only one
   branch provides services to hundreds of thousands of Palestinian
   residents, while Israeli residents of Jerusalem can go to any branch
   across the country and receive services swiftly.

   ‘We really care about this issue and we are working to find solutions’

   – Israeli interior ministry spokesperson

   Their response to him, he said, was that the employees at the
   ministry’s branch in Wadi al-Joz were more experienced in dealing with
   temporary residents.
   Earlier this year, Israeli authorities opened another ministry branch
   at the Qalandia military checkpoint separating the West Bank city of
   Ramallah from Jerusalem. But the services provided there are limited in
   scope and are only offered at specific days and times.
   An Israeli interior ministry spokesperson told MEE they are aware of
   the issues at the Wadi al-Joz branch and said they have tried to ease
   the situation over the past two years, including providing services at
   the Qalandia office and allowing for booking through the app, which she
   said provides appointment options within weeks, not months.
   She also said the ministry is considering opening another office in
   East Jerusalem.
   “We really care about this issue and we are working to find solutions
   so the residents of East Jerusalem can get better and faster service,”
   the spokesperson said in an email.
   But Erez, the lawyer with HaMoked, said the changes that have been made
   have not relieved the majority of the hurdles that Palestinians in East
   Jerusalem face.
   Any Palestinians going to the Qalandia office, he pointed out, must
   pass through the checkpoint there twice – and even then it only offers
   a limited set of services.
   In West Jerusalem, which has less crowded ministry branches and where
   the High Court ordered the ministry to provide services to Palestinians
   from East Jerusalem, the branches have yet to make substantial changes,
   he said.
   Jerusalem’s Old City: How Palestine’s past is being slowly erased

   Read More »
   Most services, including renewing residency IDs and registering
   children, are not provided, employees don’t speak Arabic and many of
   them, unaware of the court order, end up sending Palestinians back to
   the Wadi al-Joz branch.
   Saleh said it’s no shock to him that nothing has changed on the ground,
   despite efforts in court.
   “It is no surprise that they are rejecting calls to improve conditions
   for Palestinians,” he said.
   “We are dealing with a colonial entity that aims to exhaust Palestinian
   Jerusalemites, not to ease restrictions for them.”
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

Saudi Arabia defends letter backing China’s Xinjiang policy

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

Saudi Arabia defends letter backing China’s Xinjiang policy

   [?m=02&amp;d=20190718&amp;t=2&amp;i=1409502510&amp;w=1200&amp;r=LYNXNPE
   F6H26P] FILE PHOTO: An elderly man is seen behind a Chinese national
   flag in the Old City in Kashgar in Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region,
   China September 6, 2018. REUTERS/Thomas Peter

   [6e1de-tumblr_inline_ods4p1ll8q1qb1icv_250.png?w=930] Michelle
   Nichols-JULY 18, 2019

   UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) – Saudi Arabia on Thursday defended signing a
   letter along with 36 other countries in support of China’s policies in
   its western region of Xinjiang, where the United Nations says at least
   1 million ethnic Uighurs and other Muslims have been detained.

   China has been widely condemned for setting up detention complexes in
   remote Xinjiang. It describes them as “education training centres”
   helping to stamp out extremism and give people new skills.

   Last week nearly two dozen nations at the U.N. Human Rights Council
   wrote a letter calling on China to halt it mass detention. In response,
   Saudi Arabia, Russia and 35 other states wrote a letter commending what
   they called China’s remarkable achievements in the field of human
   rights.

   When asked about Saudi’s support for the letter, Saudi U.N. Ambassador
   Abdallah Al-Mouallimi told reporters in New York that the “letter talks
   about China’s developmental work, that’s all it talks about, it does
   not address anything else.”

   “Nobody can be more concerned about the status of Muslims anywhere in
   the world than Saudi Arabia,” he said. “What we have said in that
   letter is that we support the developmental policies of China that have
   lifted people out of poverty.”

   A copy of the letter, seen by Reuters, said security had returned to
   Xinjiang and the fundamental human rights of people of all ethnic
   groups there had been safeguarded.

   “Faced with the grave challenge of terrorism and extremism, China has
   undertaken a series of counter-terrorism and deradicalisation measures
   in Xinjiang, including setting up vocational education and training
   centres,” the letter read.

   Human Rights Watch U.N. Director Louis Charbonneau said Al-Mouallimi’s
   characterisation of the letter was “a slap in the face of Muslims being
   persecuted in China, inaccurate to the point of absurdity.”

   Earlier this month the United States and Germany slammed China during a
   closed-door U.N. Security Council meeting over the detention centres.
   In response, China told diplomats them they had no right to raise the
   issue in the Security Council as it was an internal matter for his
   country.

   In June the United States, Britain and other western countries objected
   to a visit by the U.N. counterterrorism chief to Xinjiang, concerned
   the visit would validate China’s argument that it was tackling
   terrorism.

   U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan spoke with U.N.
   Secretary-General António Guterres ahead of the trip to convey
   Washington’s concerns because “Beijing continues to paint its
   repressive campaign against Uighurs and other Muslims as legitimate
   counterterrorism efforts when it is not.”
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

May wrongly takes credit for disabled jobs rise

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

May wrongly takes credit for disabled jobs rise

   [MAY-DISABILITY-1920x1080.jpg]
   [9bef3-tumblr_inline_oq3hz2aahw1qb1icv_2502b252812529.png?w=930]
   By Georgina Lee–10 Jul 2019

     “We are seeing many more people — over 900,000 more disabled people
     — in work as a result of what this government have done”

   That was the claim from Theresa May at what’s expected to be her
   penultimate Prime Minister’s Questions.

   We assume she’s referring to the Office for National Statistics’ Labour
   Force Survey, which shows the number of disabled people in employment
   rose by 930,000 in the five years to 2018.

   But she failed to mention the findings of a March 2019 report on
   disabled people in work by the National Audit Office (NAO), which
   monitors government spending.

   The watchdog says even the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP)
   “acknowledges that the increase [in the number of disabled people in
   work] cannot be attributed to a particular cause, including its
   policies or programmes” and that it has “limited evidence of what
   works”.

   In other words, the DWP accepts that the rise has not come about as a
   result of the government’s actions — despite Mrs May’s claim today.

   So what’s the real cause? The NAO says “The evidence indicates that
   [the rise in the number of disabled people in work] is likely to be due
   to more people already in work reporting a disability rather than more
   disabled people who were out of work, moving into work.”

   The report also makes clear that “the recent increases in the number of
   disabled people in work have not been matched by a reduction in the
   number of disabled people who are out of work”. The watchdog finds that
   this second figure has “remained broadly the same at around 3.7
   million” in the past five years.

   We looked in more detail at how the UK’s disability benefits system
   compares to other countries’ in June — read the full FactCheck
   analysis here.

FactCheck verdict

   Theresa May says 900,000 more disabled people are in work “as a result
   of what this government have done”. It’s true that in 2018, there were
   930,000 more disabled people in jobs than in 2013.
   But she didn’t mention that the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP)
   has admitted that it can’t attribute this rise to government policies.

   The government spending watchdog, the National Audit Office, says the
   increase is probably caused by more people already in work reporting
   themselves as disabled — rather than out-of-work disabled people moving
   into jobs.

   She also forgot to add that the number of disabled people out of work
   has not fallen in that time, but remained static at around 3.7 million.
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

Battle underway in Ireland over ban on settlement goods

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

Battle underway in Ireland over ban on settlement goods

   [190711-ireland.jpg?itok=B4IqL4hw&amp;timestamp=1562862461]
   The Irish government is using an obscure measure to block a bill that
   would ban imports from Israeli settlements.

   Niall CarsonZUMA Press

   [59ae6-tumblr_inline_ods51gt8lo1qb1icv_4002b252822529.png?w=930] Ciaran
   Tierney –11 July 2019
   A battle is underway in Ireland to ensure that a ban on imports from
   Israel’s settlements in the occupied West Bank will not be vetoed.
   Legislation to introduce such a ban has received majority support in
   both houses of Ireland’s parliament, the Oireachtas. Yet the country’s
   government is expected to try and wreck the legislation by invoking the
   little known “money message” provision.
   “Money messages” rely on a clause in the Irish constitution which
   states that no law involving the expenditure of public finance will be
   enacted unless it has been signed by the taoiseach, the country’s prime
   minister.
   A paper drawn up by Michael McDowell, a prominent Irish lawyer and
   politician, insists that the legislation banning Israel’s settlement
   goods does not require approval via a “money message.”
   The Occupied Territories Bill – as the legislation on settlement goods
   is called – “does not entail any direct expenditure and instead
   involves the creation of a criminal offense,” McDowell’s paper states.
   Approximately 50 bills are stalled in Dáil Eireann, the lower house in
   the Oireachtas, as they are awaiting a “money message.”
   Although the “money message” provision has long been in existence, it
   has only become controversial lately as Ireland’s minority government
   has been using it to block legislation which commands majority support
   in the Oireachtas.
   Earlier this month, the government refused to issue a “money message”
   for the Climate Emergency Measures Bill aimed at halting oil and gas
   exploration in the nation’s waters. Simon Coveney, the foreign
   minister, indicated in January that he would seek to obstruct the
   Occupied Territories Bill by the same means.
   McDowell’s paper argues that the rule of procedure under which these
   bills are blocked goes further than the “money message” clause in the
   Irish constitution. The rules of procedure can be changed, according to
   McDowell, who has formerly been the tánaiste – Ireland’s deputy prime
   minister – and the attorney general.

“World is watching”

   Ireland’s political leaders have been under pressure from Israel and
   its lobbyists – including some members of the US Congress – to thwart
   the Occupied Territories Bill.
   Yet support for the bill has remained solid among elected
   representatives in Dublin.
   Niall Collins, foreign affairs spokesperson with the main opposition
   party Fianna Fáil, said that an independent legal adviser to the
   Oireachtas will soon provide an opinion about the use of “money
   messages.” The opinion is expected to be delivered in the autumn.
   “This money message mechanism does have a role to play, as it stops a
   populist headbanger from coming forward with crazy promises which would
   incur a huge cost to the Irish state,” said Collins. “But the mechanism
   is open to abuse and this government has clearly been abusing it.”
   Collins added that advocates of the Occupied Territories Bill are
   preparing to mount a legal challenge if the government continues
   blocking it.
   Frances Black, the Oireachtas member who formally proposed the bill,
   vowed to fight for its implementation “even if it’s the death of me.”
   “The government should not have what is essentially a total veto over
   opposition bills,” Black, who is also a well-known singer, said. “To do
   something like this is unfair and unjust. It’s a vital piece of
   legislation for the people of Palestine. The reality is this will give
   so much hope to the people of Palestine, that somebody out there in the
   international community actually does care.”
   “The world is watching this legislation,” she added. “We have been
   invited to Brussels, the Netherlands, London and Chile to talk to
   parliamentarians about this piece of legislation. Parliamentarians all
   over the world are paying attention to this and considering bringing in
   similar bills of their own. What is happening now is anti-democratic
   and we have to call it out.”
   Ciaran Tierney is a journalist based in Galway, Ireland. He won the
   Irish current affairs and politics blog of the year award at the
   Tramline, Dublin in 2018. Twitter: @ciarantierney.
   Website: ciarantierney.com.
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

South African Business Role In Creating Sustainable Peace & A Stable Economy

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

South African Business Role In Creating Sustainable Peace & A Stable Economy

Across the world, South Africa was seen as a pariah state because of
apartheid that separated races…. We were ostracised by the international
community

   [442d7-tumblr_inline_onboyzwxxt1qb1icv_250.png?w=720&#038;h=493]
   [442d7-tumblr_inline_onboyzwxxt1qb1icv_250.png?w=930]
   2019-07-18
   What would be the role of businesses in creating a sustainable economic
   resurgence? Speaking from experience, South African High Commissioner
   Robina Marks stated that the primary role of businesses is to play an
   active part in uniting a country, for both their own survival and
   sustainability, and for the country’s economic development.
   “Across the world, South Africa was seen as a pariah state because of
   apartheid that separated races…. We were ostracised by the
   international community,” she said, adding that the international
   anti-apartheid movement successed in applying sanctions against South
   Africa. This in turn snowballed into civil society, who refused to buy
   and consume South African products, as that was seen as tantamount to
   condoning apartheid.
   The country soon hit an all-time low, as the South African economy was
   in free-fall.
   “From the mid-1980s, foreign governments and businesses cut many
   economic ties with South Africa, and in 1985, international banks began
   refusing to roll over short-term debt with the result that, over the
   next year, the country would have to pay one billion US dollars in
   loans. Inflation rose to 16 percent, the currency tumbled and the
   government introduced exchange controls. By 1986, over 100
   multinationals had disinvested from South Africa,” the High
   Commissioner said.
   However, the country was able to turn themselves around, in just 25
   years. South Africa is now considered to be a leader in the African
   continent, with a GDP of USD385 billion, compared to Sri Lanka, which
   has a GDP of USD90 billion. High Commissioner Marks attributes this to
   an invisible role played by their business community and private
   sector. She does reveal that the reason businesses played such a
   leading role was that they ‘quite frankly, didn’t have a choice.’ The
   economy was down, domestic consumption was down, and the international
   export market was shrinking. In this climate, the private sector had
   two choices — to help the apartheid government and white society, or to
   help build a climate of trust in which the political leaders could move
   the country towards a more stable future. They chose the latter.
   The role played by the business community
   In moving towards a more prosperous and united future, the private
   sector banded together to push South Africa towards success.
   “They funded efforts at maintaining the peace. They knew that it was in
   their own interest to make concessions around a decent living wage that
   would quell the many industrial strikes that we had at the time. Many
   of them improved their working conditions, improved salaries to
   workers, and offered scope for promotion to their black workforce.”
   They basically helped to market the vision of a non-racist South Africa
   to the international community.
   “They were vocal about the fact that the country was on the right
   track, that good, fair and inclusive governance could also be good for
   business, and more importantly, because they had vested personal and
   business interests, that they had no intention of leaving. So when
   prominent companies like Anglo American started “selling” the new SA,
   the outside world took notice that there would be no local capital
   flight,” she said.
   Another point of importance was that the business leaders all stayed
   back. According to her excellency Marks, ‘nothing demonstrates
   confidence in a country more than staying and not leaving for what
   might be seen as greener pastures.’
   The High Commissioner made these remarks at a panel discussion on The
   Role of Business in Sustainable Economic Resurgence, conducted by the
   Ceylon Chamber of Commerce at their 180th Annual General Meeting held
   recently.
   Responding to a query by the moderator, Ganaka Herath, on what could be
   done for gender equality, Ms. Marks highlighted that socio-cultural
   expectations of women needing to stay at home, had to change.
   “I think that we all know that female participation in the workforce
   has gone down considerably, by 10% – 12%; because of unfriendly
   environments. There isn’t a sense of understanding work-life
   challenges,” she said, adding that we all needed more men like her
   co-panelists — Dr. A.T Ariyarathne and Mahesh Amalean — as role models.
   The business of business is not only business, she stressed, and any
   company that ignores the impact that an uncertain external political
   environment have on their bottom line is doomed to fail.
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

Alarmed by Venezuela, U.S. Military Seeks to Sell Arms to Colombia

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

Alarmed by Venezuela, U.S. Military Seeks to Sell Arms to Colombia

The Air Force wants a key regional ally to get new F-16 fighter jets to deter
threats from Caracas.

   Colombian soldiers stand guard as they patrol the outskirts of
   Medellin, Antioquia department, on June 6. Colombian soldiers stand
   guard as they patrol the outskirts of Medellin, Antioquia department,
   on June 6. JOAQUIN SARMIENTO/AFP/GETTY IMAGES


    No photo description available. BY LARA SELIGMAN| JULY 18, 2019, 3:07
    PM




   As Venezuela’s Russia-backed leader Nicholás Maduro continues to cling
   to power, the U.S. military wants to prevent a crisis from spilling
   over into neighboring Colombia, an important ally, by beefing up its
   defenses.

   The U.S. Air Force is offering Bogotá the latest version of Lockheed
   Martin’s F-16 fighter jets, Maj. Gen. Andrew Croft, the commander of
   Air Forces Southern, told Foreign Policy in a recent phone interview.

   The addition of an estimated 15 F-16 to Colombia’s arsenal would “be a
   great advancement for not only their capability to defend their
   sovereign air space” but would also help enable interoperability with
   U.S. forces, Croft said during a visit to Colombia, where he attended a
   major air show and met with senior Colombian military officials.

   Venezuela’s economy has collapsed under Maduro’s far-left government,
   and nationwide electricity blackouts and food shortages have plagued
   the country’s population. But opposition leader Juan Guaidó has failed
   to take power despite repeated violent clashes between government
   forces and civilians.

   Now, U.S. officials are worried that the upheaval could threaten
   Colombia. Maduro, whose government is backed by U.S. rivals China,
   Russia, and Cuba, is an unpredictable neighbor armed with roughly
   150,000 troops and both Russian and U.S. equipment, including advanced
   fighter jets.

   In addition, dangerous rebel groups—both Colombia’s National Liberation
   Army and factions of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
   (FARC)—are taking advantage of the crisis to expand their reach. These
   armed groups are targetingVenezuelans fleeing their home country,
   offering them food and pay in return for joining their ranks.

   “The conditions in Venezuela, the same chronic conditions that have
   just created abject suffering for the Venezuelan people, have created a
   lawless zone,” U.S. Navy Adm. Craig Faller, the chief of U.S. Southern
   Command, told Foreign Policy in April.

   Buying new F-16s, a supersonic fighter jet with advanced radar and
   extended range, would not only deter threats from Venezuela and armed
   rebel groups but also provide a better capability to intercept
   narcotraffickers, who are beginning to use fast Learjets to smuggle
   drugs in and out of the country, Croft said.

   “All bets are off, right? You don’t know what’s going to happen,” said
   Richard Aboulafia, an analyst with the Teal Group, explaining the
   renewed push to sell Colombia advanced fighter jets. “Is it a proxy
   fight? Is it Venezuela lashing out? Is it some other kind of conflict
   spillover because of the refugee situation? There are all kinds of
   scenarios.”

   The United States has a long and deep military relationship with
   Colombia, including frequent exercises, officer exchange programs, and
   visits by senior military leaders. Particularly since 2016, when the
   Colombian government signed a peace accord with the FARC, ending more
   than half a century of conflict, the U.S. military has made a concerted
   effort to support the country’s efforts at security, including arms
   sales.

   The U.S. government frequently uses foreign military sales as a
   diplomatic tool. The F-35, Lockheed’s most sophisticated fighter jet,
   is the most prominent example: In addition to the United States, 12
   allied nations have plans to operate the plane, boosting not only
   Lockheed’s top line but also U.S. influence around the globe. These
   types of agreements typically come with U.S. training, maintenance
   support, and close security ties for decades after the ink dries.

   The United States also uses these types of deals to pressure allies and
   potential adversaries. The Pentagon this week booted Turkey out of the
   F-35 program over its purchase of a Russian-made missile defense
   system, a decision that will cost Turkish industry $9 billion in
   projected work and damage Ankara’s standing in NATO. In the Pacific,
   the administration is looking to sell Taiwan 66 new F-16s, a
   significant provocation of China as the world’s two largest economies
   agree to restart trade talks.




   “Anytime we do a foreign military sale program with a nation,
   especially an airframe, it gives us a 40- to 50-year relationship,”
   Croft said.

   If Colombia chooses to buy them, the F-16s would replace its fleet of
   21 aging Israeli Kfir jets that are reaching the end of their usable
   lives. But the costly U.S. jet faces steep competition: The Swedish
   defense firm Saab is offering its Gripen fighters as a possible
   replacement, while Europe’s Eurofighter has proposed its Typhoon jets.
   Bogotá has also considered buying surplus older F-16s from the Israeli
   Air Force.

   The F-16 offering has been in the cards for a while but “could get new
   impetus because of Venezuela, because of what Venezuela has been up
   to,” said Byron Callan, an analyst with Capital Alpha Group.

   The United States has sold F-16s to Colombia’s neighbors, including
   Chile and, ironically, Venezuela. Venezuela also operates Russian Su-30
   fighter jets, which Croft said are “a threat to the region.”
   Clinching an F-16 sale with Colombia would also come with an added
   bonus—taking a potential business opportunity away from Russia or
   China, both of which are quietly trying to grow their influence in
   Latin America through foreign military sales, disinformation campaigns,
   and economic investment.

   “Selling something like an F-16 to a nation like Colombia builds that
   long-term relationship and also prevents the Russians or the Chinese
   from selling them a system that then becomes very difficult or
   impossible to maintain,” Croft said.

   The United States is particularly worried about China’s practice of
   “debt diplomacy” throughout the region, including investing in
   infrastructure and providing hefty loans that impoverished nations will
   have difficulty paying back. China has also bought up key ports in the
   region and built a new deep-space ground station in Argentina, from
   which the Chinese military can monitor and potentially target U.S. and
   allied satellites.

   “The Chinese side is all about lending money to these nations so they
   can do projects that are then run by Chinese companies and Chinese
   labor, and then the debt becomes a lever … things like port access,
   control of railroads and roads, and the like,” Croft said.

   In order to counter China’s influence, the U.S. military is investing
   in key military-to-military partnerships, such as the one with
   Colombia. The strength of that partnership was on display during his
   visit, Croft stressed.

   “These guys are our best partner, one of our strongest partners that we
   have in the region,” Croft said. “I’m not sure the relationship has
   ever been stronger than it’s been right now.”
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

Rohingya activist says US ban on top Burmese generals a first step

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

Rohingya activist says US ban on top Burmese generals a first step

   000_1IV530-2-940x580
   Wai Wai Nu, an advocate for Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar, speaks with
   AFP during an interview at the State Department in Washington, DC, July
   17, 2019. Source: SAUL LOEB / AFP
   [10a7e-tumblr_inline_ods49moyij1qb1icv_250.png?w=930]
   @ascorrespondent-17 Jul 2019
   A FORMERLY imprisoned Rohingya activist said Wednesday that a US ban on
   Burma’s (Myanmar) top generals was a welcome first step but urged more
   action to support the long-targeted minority.
   The State Department on Tuesday said that army chief Min Aung Hlaing,
   three other top officers and their families would not be allowed to
   visit the United States due to their roles in “ethnic cleansing” of the
   mostly Muslim Rohingya.
   Participating in a high-level State Department meeting on religious
   freedom, peace activist Wai Wai Nu said it was critical to address the
   “decades-old impunity” enjoyed by the military in Myanmar, formerly
   known as Burma.
   “Many of us in Burma welcome this decision of the State Department.
   However, we think this is a first step and we are hoping to see more
   concrete and efficient steps in the future,” she told reporters.
   This, she said, should include an end to impunity in the country.
   “The only way to move forward, I believe, is holding the perpetrators
   accountable and abolishing institutionalized religious and ethnic
   discrimination against ethnic minorities,” she added.
   SEE ALSO: ASEAN leaders told to get serious on Rohingya issue
   Wai Wai Nu founded two groups promoting inter-ethnic harmony and
   women’s rights. Along with other survivors and witnesses to abuses who
   are taking part in the ministerial, she met Wednesday at the White
   House with President Donald Trump.
   Wai Wai Nu, whose father was also an activist, was arrested with her
   family in 2005 when she was a law student.
   The family was freed in 2012 amid a political opening in Myanmar as the
   military junta reconciled with the West and eventually allowed
   civilian, elected leaders.
   In 2017, Myanmar’s military launched a campaign against the Rohingya
   that led about 740,000 to flee to neighboring Bangladesh amid accounts
   of brutal attacks on whole villages.
   The army denies wrongdoing and says it was responding to militant
   attacks.
   The Rohingya are widely despised in the country and do not enjoy
   citizenship, with the government calling them “Bengalis,” suggesting
   they are illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. © Agence France-Presse
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized

HRC41 RENEWS CRUCIAL MANDATE FOR PROTECTION AGAINST VIOLENCE AND
DISCRIMINATION BASED ON SEXUAL ORIENTATION AND GENDER IDENTITY

   Posted on August 29, 2019 by srilankatwo

HRC41 RENEWS CRUCIAL MANDATE FOR PROTECTION AGAINST VIOLENCE AND
DISCRIMINATION BASED ON SEXUAL ORIENTATION AND GENDER IDENTITY

   [R7fvtcPjQbu_KAVNlHulToIedBNKLD4SihFu35bFa2rAOBRpFKnWTWtU8__3Y1SFuvvUnK
   VlS7GYTn47oCsjR3ixI2Z_3-1eM5SPNYpdB-Kgyq0PvWpAFexdUMJSFF8_w5_9HSvAgBrWa
   fvBft43VhvW2CoYj4NJOA=s0-d]

   Sri Lanka Brief 17/07/2019

   This is another historic victory, not only for communities of diverse
   sexual orientations and gender identities, but for humanity as a whole:
   In a defining vote, the United Nations Human Rights Council adopted a
   resolution to renew the mandate of the Independent Expert focusing on
   the protection against violence and discrimination on the basis of
   sexual orientation and gender identity.

   The campaign calling on the Council to renew the mandate of the UN
   Independent Expert on SOGI was supported by 1,312 non-governmental
   organisations from 174 States and territories.

   “This is another historic victory, not only for communities of diverse
   sexual orientations and gender identities, but for humanity as a
   whole”, said Paula Sebastiao of Arquivo de Identidade Angolano in
   Angola and Simran Shaikh, Asia coordinator of the Trans Respect v.
   Transphobia project, on behalf of 60 human rights groups worldwide. “
   Following the call from a record number of organisations from every
   region imaginable, the UN Human Rights Council has reaffirmed its
   commitment to combat discrimination and violence on grounds of SOGI and
   has reminded all States of their obligations towards these
   communities.”

   Created in 2016, the UN Independent Expert on SOGI has been supported
   by an ever-growing number of States from all regions of the world. The
   resolution to create and renew the mandate was presented by a Core
   Group of seven Latin American countries – Argentina, Brazil, Chile,
   Colombia, Costa Rica, Mexico, and Uruguay.

   “The renewal of this mandate demonstrates how United Nations States’
   support for tackling violence and discrimination against people of
   diverse sexual orientations and gender identities has grown
   tremendously,” said UN Trans Advocacy Week campaigners. “The
   Independent Expert is crucial in bringing international attention to
   specific violations and challenges faced by trans and gender-diverse
   persons in all regions.”

   Although the renewal process had to overcome 10 hostile amendments, the
   core of the resolution in affirming the universal nature of
   international human rights law stands firm.

   “The existence of a specific UN human rights mechanism looking at SOGI
   issues is crucial for our communities to be heard at the global level,”
   added Ryan Silverio of ASEAN SOGIE Caucus from the Philippines. “If the
   world is truly committed to leaving no one behind, it can’t shy away
   from addressing the violence and discrimination that we face. Laws
   criminalising our identities and actions are unjust and should no
   longer be tolerated”.

   The UN Independent Expert on SOGI is tasked with assessing
   implementation of existing international human rights law, by talking
   to States, and working collaboratively with other UN and regional
   mechanisms to address violence and discrimination. Through the work of
   this mandate since 2016, the impact of criminalisation of same-sex
   relations and lack of legal gender recognition, the importance of
   data-collection specific to SOGI communities, and examples of good
   practices to prevent discrimination have been highlighted globally,
   with visits to Argentina, Georgia, Mozambique and Ukraine.

   ”A record number of organisations from every region imaginable has been
   calling for the renewal of the mandate of the Independent Expert,” said
   Tess McEvoy, Programme manager at ISHR. “His vital work will now
   continue and help make our societies more fair, equal and inclusive. We
   at ISHR are very proud to have been part of this process, along with
   several of our alumni,” continued Helen Nolan, Programme Manager at
   ISHR.

   We hope that all governments cooperate fully with the UN Independent
   Expert on SOGI in this important work to bring about a world free from
   violence and discrimination for all people regardless of sexual
   orientation and gender identity.

   “Our communities have witnessed both fundamental victories and alarming
   setbacks in recent years,” said Manisha Dhakal of Blue Diamond Society
   from Nepal, and ILGA Asia co-Chair. “Amidst this challenging political
   and social climate, the presence of an expert who can foster dialogue
   and assist States towards more inclusive policies is of fundamental
   importance.”

   ISHR.
   Posted by Thavam
   Categories: Uncategorized
   ← Older posts

   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

   Close and accept Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By
   continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
   To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie
   Policy
