   #alternate alternate ADITION technologies AG » Feed ADITION
   technologies AG » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   Frontend Login | Wiki Login | Customer Community Login
   XingLinkedInFacebookTwitter
   ADITION technologies AG Logo ADITION technologies AG Logo

     * Product Solutions
          + Demand Side (DSP)
          + Adserving & Targeting
          + Video Advertising & Creative
          + Attribution
          + Data Hub (DMP)
          + Supply Side (SSP)
     * References
          + Usecases
          + Showroom
          + Clients
          + Partners
          + Certifications
     * Company
          + Full Tech Stack
          + About us
          + Data Centers
          + Team
          + Career
     * Newsroom
          + News & Events
          + Press Releases
          + Press review
          + Shortfacts
     * Contact
     * de
     * Search for: ____________________
       

Privacy (Opt-out)

   Home/Privacy (Opt-out)

   Privacy (Opt-out)ADITION2019-09-13T09:17:05+00:00

Data Privacy Statement

   This privacy statement applies to the processing of your data including
   your personal data on the Internet page “adition.com” with all
   ancillary and sub-pages as well as by ADITION adserving (Platform). The
   Platform is operated by ADITION technologies AG, Düsseldorf (Operator).
   The email address of the Operator is: info@adition.com. Full contact
   details can be found in the Imprint of the Operator. The Platform is
   designed to provide information for the delivery of advertising on the
   Internet and to manage the advertising delivery. The Platform is thus
   also used by customers of the Operator. In this regard, the Operator
   will process data on behalf of the respective customer responsible for
   proper data processing according to the contract. You may retrieve the
   contents of this Privacy Statement at any time on the Platform via the
   sub-page of the same name and also print or save a copy by using the
   corresponding functions in your web browser. Customers of the Operator
   using the Platform are directed to the privacy policy of the respective
   customer.

I. Preliminary remarks

   The Operator takes the protection of your data very seriously and
   complies with the data protection laws. These laws serve the protection
   of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data,
   which is any information relating to an identified or identifiable
   natural person. Such data will be processed only to the extent that is
   required for the performance of any contract or the provisioning and
   improvement of the Platform. The processing for the performance of the
   contract is effected only if you initiate or complete a contract with
   the Operator. In this respect, reference is made to the User Contract.
   The processing for provisioning and improvement is carried out only if
   it is provided below or with separate consent, ordered by government
   authorities or court order or otherwise provided by law. The data is
   processed by the Operator only in the Member States of the European
   Union (EU). In particular, the data processing Internet servers of the
   Operator are located in the Member States of the EU. There is generally
   no transfer to a third country or an international organization.

II. Data processing

   Your data will be processed both independent of and dependent on a
   form. Form-dependent data represents data entered in a form on the
   Platform. Form-independent data is data that you also leave behind on
   the servers of the Operator without entering it in a form. You may also
   leave behind form-independent data on the servers of the Operator when
   you use an app or the web page of a customer of the Operator. This
   data, however, is processed by the Operator only on behalf of its
   customer responsible for the processing of data. You may find the data
   privacy notice of this customer on the respective app or website

   1. Form-dependent processing
   The data you enter in a form on the Platform is processed when using
   the form, in particular after submitting the form. This includes
   contact details and, if you are a customer of the Operator, your
   customer account data. Personal data that you provide on a designated
   form is generally transmitted in encrypted form to the server of the
   Operator.

   a) Contact form

   If you contact the Operator via a form, the data entered in the contact
   form will be encrypted on the server of the Operator and transmitted to
   the Operator by email. There is no further automated processing of your
   personal data in this respect. The personal data transmitted about your
   person will be used only for processing your request. If the request is
   in connection with data processing that the Operator carries out on
   behalf of a customer, the Operator will transmit your request in
   encrypted form to the respective customer. Responses are generally sent
   by email, which will also be transmitted in encrypted form insofar as
   your mail service provider supports this feature. After final
   processing of the request, your personal data that you entered in the
   contact form or in a response to the operator will be deleted. This
   does not apply if the data is still required for the performance of the
   contract or statutory retention obligations. In this respect, however,
   the processing of your data is restricted.

   b) Customer account

   A customer account will be set up for you as a customer of the
   Operator. In this respect, the data provided in the User Contract and,
   if applicable, subsequently entered in forms in the customer account,
   in particular your contact and campaign data, will be stored on the
   servers of the Operator. You may view the stored data at any time in
   the customer account as well as edit and complete it by means of the
   forms in the settings. You can, of course, also personally contact the
   Operator for example by using the aforementioned email address. The
   same applies to the erasure of the customer account. However, your data
   may be erased only if it is no longer required for the performance of
   the contract or is not subject to statutory retention obligations. In
   the meantime, the processing of your data is restricted and, in
   particular, the customer account will be locked.

   2. Form-independent processing
   The data that the operator requires for the provision or improvement of
   the Platform is processed independent of a form. This may include in
   particular browser cookies, mobile identifiers and access protocols,
   the data being generally transferred in encrypted form.

   a) Browser cookies

   The Platform uses cookies. Cookies are small text files or simple
   entries in a database that are stored in your browser. The data in the
   cookies can be read again only by the platform that initially stored
   it. On the one hand, the platform uses cookies when you log in to your
   account. These cookies ensure that only you can access the data stored
   in your customer account after logging in. A session ID is stored in
   the cookie for this purpose. After logging off, the cookie with the ID
   will be deleted. On the other hand, cookies are used when you visit a
   web page that uses the Platform or, in other words, if you visit a site
   that delivers advertising via the Platform or prepares the delivery of
   advertising. The purpose of these cookies is to deliver advertising in
   a target group-oriented and interest-oriented manner. An ad ID is
   stored in the cookie in the process (so that you are not always shown
   the same advertising, for example). This ID may also be assigned to
   advertising categories (such as age 18-35/interest in cars). However,
   these categories may correspond to a larger group of people both
   individually and together. This means that the Operator is not able to
   identify you as a person via the ad ID itself or the ID of the assigned
   categories. Cookies including an ad ID may also be used by customers on
   whose behalf the Operator processes data when delivering advertising
   via the Platform. The customers of the Operator may assign the ad ID to
   their own ID with advertising categories. In this respect, however, the
   respective customer to which the data privacy statement on the website
   that you visit applies will be responsible for the data processing. The
   cookies used by the Platform do not harm your device (e.g.
   computer/tablet). In particular, they do not contain viruses. You may
   refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your
   browser. In this case, you may not be able to use all functions of the
   Platform or the website visited. The same applies to the deletion of
   stored cookies.

   b) Mobile identifier

   It is also possible to deliver advertising in mobile applications
   (apps) via the Platform. For this purpose, the apps may use a mobile
   identifier that is provided by the operating system of your device
   (Apple iOS or Google Android). This identifier ultimately corresponds
   with the advertising ID from a cookie. This means that the identifier
   can be assigned to advertising categories in order to customise the
   advertising in the apps appropriately to target groups and interests.
   However, the categories always apply to a larger group of people.
   Therefore, the Operator cannot identify you as a person by means of the
   identifier as such or by the assigned categories. Customers for which
   the operator delivers the advertising may also use the identifier and
   assign their own ID to advertising categories. In this respect,
   however, the respective customer is responsible for the processing of
   data. The Operator itself cannot read, modify or delete the identifier.
   However, you may prevent the use of the identifier by selecting the
   appropriate settings in the app or your operating system. In this case,
   you may not be able to use all the features of the app or system. The
   same also applies to changing or deleting the identifier depending on
   the application and operating system. Reference is made to the data
   privacy statements of the respective app and your system for details.

   c) Access protocols

   The use of the platform and the advertising delivery are statistically
   analysed. For this purpose and in order to prevent abuse of the
   Platform, the Operator creates an access protocol. The number of
   accesses to the Platform and the retrieval of stored advertising are
   stored in the protocol. This includes data that is transmitted when
   establishing a connection between your browser and the Platform. In
   other words, this includes your IP address, the time of your access or
   retrieval, the ID in a Platform cookie or the mobile identifier, which
   address (URL) was accessed, whether the access was successful and the
   size of the data transferred by the Platform. Insofar as your browser
   transmits the corresponding data, the previous address (referrer) as
   well as information about the used operating system and browser (e.g.
   saved version) is also stored. You may prevent the transfer of this
   data by adjusting the settings of your browser, however. The protocols
   are also statistically analysed for customers that use the Platform for
   advertising delivery. The analysis shows which advertising was
   delivered and when and to which web page or which app. This means that
   the logged data is visible only to a limited extent. In particular, the
   last octet of the IP address are redacted. Such an analysis therefore
   does not allow the identification of your person. To prevent abuse, the
   protocols are encrypted and stored separately from the statistics. The
   protocols are decrypted and merged with other data only in definite
   cases of suspected abuse. In such cases the Executive Board and the
   Data Protection Officer of the Operator, and possibly the affected
   customer, are consulted. The logs will be deleted as soon as they are
   no longer necessary to prevent abuse. At the latest, they are deleted
   three months after the end of the calendar month in which the data was
   logged.

   d) Social networks
   The Platform links social networks operated by third parties. The
   purpose is to share or like the Platform or posts on it in the
   respective network. However, a connection to such a network is
   established only after you click the button/link for the respective
   network on the Platform. Owing to the processing of personal data by
   social networks on which the Operator has no influence, reference is
   made to the privacy policy of the respective operator:

   1. XING (XING SE): https://www.xing.com/privacy
   2. LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland U.C.):
   https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
   3. Google+ (Google LLC): https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
   4. Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd.):
   https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
   5. Twitter (Twitter International Company):
   https://twitter.com/en/privacy

   e) Embedded content
   The Platform embeds content from Google Maps (interactive maps) on its
   sub-pages if necessary. This content is therefore delivered not by the
   server of the Operator but via the servers of Google Inc. (Google).
   When displaying and using embedded content, your IP address is
   transferred to Google’s server because the embedded content cannot be
   retrieved from your browser without the transfer of your IP address.
   Furthermore, your browser may transmit other data to Google’s server
   (e.g. your location when you use the corresponding function), on which
   the Operator has no influence. In this respect, you can also view the
   privacy policy for Google Maps
   at: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/

III. Your rights

   If you are affected by processing of your personal data, you have
   rights vis-à-vis the party responsible for the data processing in
   accordance with data protection regulations. You can contact the
   Operator at any time in order to assert these rights for example by
   email to the aforementioned address. The same applies in the case of
   other questions regarding data protection by the Operator. In addition
   to the Operator, you may also contact the Data Protection Officer of
   the Operator: Attorney-at-Law Daniel Raimer, LL.M. at the Law Offices
   of Daniel Raimer in Düsseldorf. The contact details of the Data
   Protection Officer are available on his website’s Imprint page. If the
   data processing is carried out on behalf of a customer of the Operator,
   please do not hesitate to contact this customer at any time; reference
   is made to the imprint of the respective app and/or website that you
   use for the customer’s contact information. When initiating contact
   concerning advertising on the Internet, you should specify the
   following information in order to permit a classification:
     *

       IFRAME:
       https://static.adfarm1.adition.com/co1.sjs?var_name=adition_userid

   When contacting the party in a different context, please also specify
   the information that may facilitate classification in the respective
   context (e.g. your customer number if you are a customer).

   1. Right of revocation

   You have the right to revoke any consent to data processing at any
   time. Revoking your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the
   processing carried out until the revocation of the consent.

   2. Right of objection

   a) General

   For reasons arising from your specific situation, you have the right to
   object to the processing of personal data relating to you that is
   necessary to carry out a task in the public interest or to safeguard
   the legitimate interests of the Operator. The Operator will cease
   processing the personal data unless the Operator can provide legitimate
   and compelling reasons for the processing that outweigh your interests,
   rights and freedoms or the processing serves the establishment,
   exercise or defence of legal claims.

   b) Advertising

   If your data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the
   right to object to the data processing for the purpose of such
   advertising at any time. If you object to the processing for purposes
   of direct marketing, your personal data will no longer be processed for
   these purposes.

   You can submit your objection to the processing of cookies for
   advertising purposes via the following link:
     * Opt-Out

   Doing so will create an opt-out cookie. This cookie prevents your
   browser from storing cookies with an advertising ID or otherwise
   assigning you to advertising categories. An already existing Operator
   ID will be deleted. As a result, customers of the Operator may also no
   longer be able to assign a separate ID or advertising categories to
   you. The use of the opt-out cookie requires, of course, that the
   corresponding settings in your browser do not prevent the storage or
   deletion of cookies, so after deleting an opt-out cookie you would also
   need to resubmit the objection. If an opt-out cookie is set in your
   browser, you can also undo this again via the following link:
     * Opt-In

   You can also take advantage of the advertising preference management of
   the EDAA, which you can reach via the following link:
     * http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices

   Furthermore, the Operator considers it to be an objection to data
   processing for advertising purposes if you activate the do-not-track
   option in your browser settings. If you prevent the use of a mobile
   identifier in the settings of your mobile device (smartphone/tablet),
   it is no longer used for advertising delivery via the app(s) of the
   respective device. This setting does not affect cookies that are stored
   in the browser of the same device. You would thus need to submit
   separately an objection to the processing of such cookies (e.g. by
   using the above linked advertising preference management via the
   browser of the device).

   Your right to contact the Operator or its customers personally will, of
   course, remain unaffected.

   3. Right of appeal

   You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority if
   you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal data
   violates statutory regulations. The responsible authority at the
   location of the Operator is the state representative for data privacy
   and information freedom North-Rhine Westphalia (LDI) in Düsseldorf. The
   contact details are available on the web page of LDI. Your right to
   file a complaint with another supervisory authority, in particular in
   the Member State of your residence, place of work or the location of
   the alleged violation, will remain unaffected. Furthermore, the right
   of appeal will not be affected by any other administrative or judicial
   appeal.

   4. Right to be informed
   You have the right to request a confirmation by the Operator concerning
   whether your personal data is processed; if this is the case, you have
   the right to be informed about this data and the following information:
   (a) the processing purposes; (b) the categories of personal data that
   are processed; (c) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom
   the data has been disclosed or will be disclosed; (d) the planned
   duration for which the data is stored, or if this is not possible the
   criteria for the definition of this term; (e) your rights under the
   data protection legislation; (f) if the data is not collected from you,
   all available information about the origin of the data; (g) the
   existence of an automated decision-making including profiling and
   meaningful information about it. For the most part, you can already
   infer the information from this Data Privacy Statement. In addition,
   you can naturally contact the Operator for example at the
   aforementioned email address at any time. On request the Operator will
   provide you with a copy of the personal data that is subject to the
   processing. However, this applies only if it does not affect the rights
   and freedoms of other persons. If you submit the request
   electronically, your information will be provided in a standard
   electronic format unless you specify otherwise.

   5. Right to rectification
   You have the right to request the immediate rectification of inaccurate
   personal data pertaining to you from the Operator. Taking into account
   the purposes of processing, you also have the right to demand the
   completion of incomplete personal data including by means of a
   supplementary declaration.

   6. Right to erasure

   You have the right to request the immediate erasure of inaccurate
   personal data pertaining to you from the Operator. The Operator will
   immediately erase such data unless one of the following reasons
   applies: (a) the data is no longer required for the purposes for which
   the data was collected or processed in any other way; (b) you revoke
   your consent on which the processing was based and there is a lack of
   any legal basis for the processing; (c) you object to the processing
   and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing or
   your objection concerns direct marketing; (d) your personal data has
   been unlawfully processed; (e) the erasure is required to fulfil a
   legal obligation to which the Operator is subject or (f) the data was
   collected from an offer of information society services that was
   directly aimed at a child on the basis of the child’s consent.

   The right to erasure will not apply if the processing is required for
   the following: (a) to exercise the right to freedom of expression and
   information; (b) in order to fulfil a legal obligation; (c) to perform
   a task in the public interest or (d) for the establishment, exercise or
   defence of legal claims. If this is the case, you may request the
   restriction of processing.

   7. Right to restrict processing

   You have the right to request the restriction (blocking) of processing
   from the Operator if any of the following conditions apply: (a) you
   dispute the accuracy of your personal data, namely for a period that
   allows the Operator to verify the accuracy of this data; (b) the
   processing is unlawful and you reject the erasure of your data and
   instead request the restriction of the use of data; (c) the Operator no
   longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing but
   instead for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or
   (d) you objected to the processing, as long as it is not clear whether
   the legitimate reasons of the Operator override yours. The
   consideration of legitimate reasons is not required in the case of
   objection to the processing for direct marketing purposes.

   If the processing was restricted, your personal data – apart from being
   stored – will be processed only with your consent or for the
   establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, to protect the
   rights of any other person or for reasons of substantial public
   interest. If you have obtained a restriction of processing, you will be
   informed by the Operator before the restriction is lifted.

   8. Right to data portability

   You have the right to receive your personal information that you have
   provided to the Operator in a structured, common and machine-readable
   format, and you have the right to transmit this data to another
   responsible person without interference from the Operator provided that
   the processing is based on your consent or a contract between you and
   the Operator and the processing is performed by means of automated
   procedures. In this respect, you have the right to insist that your
   personal data is directly transmitted from the Operator to another
   responsible person insofar as this is technically feasible and the
   rights and freedoms of others are not be affected. Your right to
   erasure will remain unaffected. This right does not apply to processing
   that is required for the performance of a task carried out in the
   public interest.

   9. Miscellaneous

   The Operator will notify all recipients to whom the data has been
   disclosed of any rectification or erasure of your personal data or a
   restriction of processing unless this proves impossible or would
   involve disproportionate effort. The Operator will inform you of such
   recipients at your request.

   If the Operator has made the personal data public and is obliged to
   erase such data, the Operator will take appropriate measures taking
   into account the available technology and the implementation costs to
   inform third parties processing your personal data about your request
   to erase all links to this data or copies of the data.

IV. Final remarks

   1. Legal basis

   The statutory regulations for data protection can be found in
   particular in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the
   Telemedia Act (TMG). As of 25 May 2018, however, the EU General Data
   Protection Regulation (GDPR) will apply primarily. If you have given
   explicit consent to the processing of your data, this simultaneously
   represents the legal basis for data processing for the purposes to
   which you have consented (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR). As far as the
   processing is necessary for the performance or initiation of a
   contract, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR forms the legal basis. User contracts
   between you and the Operator entered into or initiated at your request
   are involved here. In addition, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR is the legal basis
   for the processing of data for safeguarding the legitimate interests of
   the Operator. This includes the economic interest in the operation of
   the Platform and, in particular, the delivery of target group-oriented
   and interest-oriented advertising. There is no automated
   decision-making including profiling within the meaning of Art. 22 GDPR.
   In particular, the assignment to advertising features will have no
   legal effect on you or affect you significantly in a similar way.

   2. Protective measures

   The Operator will, taking into account the nature, scope, circumstances
   and purposes of the processing as well as the different probabilities
   of occurrence and severity of the risks for your rights and liberties,
   initiate appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure
   that the data processing complies with legal requirements. The measures
   will take into consideration state-of-the-art technology and, in
   particular, include the encryption of your data. The equipment and
   systems on which data is processed are protected against unauthorized
   access both physically and digitally. In particular, the servers of the
   Operator are password protected. With regular testing and updating of
   the software, the Operator will prevent security vulnerabilities that
   could allow abuse of your data. Only those subordinate persons
   (employees) of the Operator will receive access to personal data who
   require it for the fulfilment of their tasks and only to the extent
   required. The employees of the Operator will be instructed in advance
   with regard to data processing and obligated to maintain
   confidentiality. With regular backups, the data is protected against
   loss and can be restored at any time. The default setting of the
   systems ensures that only personal data required for the purpose of
   processing will be processed. In doing so, data protection principles
   such as data minimisation are implemented. In addition, the Operator
   ensures the confidentiality, integrity, availability and reliability of
   the systems with technical and organizational measures. The compliance
   with data protection legislation is regularly reviewed and measures are
   updated where necessary.

Further information

Use of MailChimp

   We use MailChimp of the service provider Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675
   Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA, which processes
   your data exclusively on our behalf and in accordance with our
   instructions (the Processor according to Article 28 GDPR) and has taken
   suitable technical and organisational measures to protect your rights.
   The service’s Privacy Policy can be found at
   https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.

   Your data will be processed in and transferred to the USA, which means
   a third country outside the European Union (EU) or the European
   Economic Area (EEA). There is no adequacy resolution of the EU
   Commission for this country to ensure that a level of data protection
   complying with the European standard exists there. In order to protect
   your data effectively, the transmission and processing are carried out
   on the basis of the so-called EU-US Privacy Shield, under which the
   provider is registered. Further information can be found at:
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG

   This service provider helps us to determine on a pseudonymised basis
   how many recipients have opened our newsletters and the links they
   contain by integrating pixel tags into the newsletters. Within the
   scope of this retrieval, technical information, such as information
   about the browser and your system, as well as your IP address and time
   of retrieval are initially collected. This information is used for
   technically improving the services based on the technical data or the
   target groups and their reading behaviour based on their retrieval
   locations (which can be determined using the IP address) or access
   times. This is effected on the basis of Article 6(1), first sentence,
   point (f) of the GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in analysing the
   opening behaviour of our newsletters in order to optimise our services
   and operate them economically. If you do not agree, do not open our
   newsletter and do not click on the links contained therein. According
   to its own information, the shipping service provider can use this data
   in pseudonymous form, i.e. without assignment to a user, to optimise or
   improve its own services, e.g. for technical optimisation of shipping
   and presentation or for statistical purposes to determine the
   recipients’ countries of origin.

Use of Salesforce

   Our website gives users the opportunity to learn more about our
   company, download content and provide contact information and other
   demographic information. This information is stored on servers of our
   software partner Salesforce. It can be used by us to contact visitors
   of our website and to determine the services of our company that are of
   interest to them. All information we collect is subject to this privacy
   policy. We use all collected information exclusively to optimise our
   marketing.

   Salesforce.com is a TRUSTe Privacy Seal Certified Licensee. For more
   information about salesforce.com’s handling of personal information,
   please read its Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding the
   data protection declaration or the handling of personal data, please
   contact: Salesforce.com Privacy; The Landmark @ One Market Street,
   Suite 300; San Francisco, CA 94105, USA.

Use of The ADEX (DMP)

   We use technology from The ADEX GmbH, Berlin to anonymously collect
   information about your usage behavior and to make this anonymous data
   available to third parties to display usage-based advertising. You can
   adjust the settings for collection and use in your cookie settings or
   under the following link:
   http://de.theadex.com/company/consumer-opt-out/#opt-in-out

ADITION technologies AG

   Oststraße 55
   D-40211 Düsseldorf
   +49 (0)211 987400 30
   info@adition.com

   Management:
   Ralf Hammerath
   Daniel Dagehus
   Thomas Weitzer
   Marcus Schlüter

Product Solutions

     * Demand Side Platform (DSP)
     * Adserving & Targeting
     * Video Advertising & Creative
     * Attribution & Automation
     * Supply Side Platform (SSP)
     * Data Management Platform (DMP)

Company

     * European Full Tech Stack
     * About us
     * Data Centers
     * Team
     * Career
     * General Terms and Conditions (GTC)

Newsroom

     * Press review

Data privacy

     * Privacy (Opt-out)

   © Copyright | ADITION technologies AG | Imprint | Data Privacy | GTC
   XingLinkedInFacebookTwitter
   #alternate alternate ADITION technologies AG » Feed ADITION
   technologies AG » Kommentar-Feed alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   Frontend Login | Wiki Login | Customer Community Login
   XingLinkedInFacebookTwitter
   ADITION technologies AG Logo ADITION technologies AG Logo

     * Produktlösungen
          + Demand Side (DSP)
          + Video & Creative
          + Adserving & Targeting
          + Attribution
          + Supply Side (SSP)
          + Data Hub (DMP)
     * Referenzen
          + Usecases
          + Showroom
          + Kunden
          + Partner
          + Zertifikate
     * Unternehmen
          + Full Tech Stack
          + Über uns
          + Rechenzentren
          + Team
          + Karriere
     * Aktuelles
          + News & Events
          + Pressemitteilungen
          + Pressespiegel
          + Shortfacts
     * Kontakt
     * en
     * Search for: ____________________
       

Datenschutz (Opt-out)

   Home/Datenschutz (Opt-out)

   Datenschutz (Opt-out)ADITION2019-09-13T09:10:17+00:00

Datenschutzerklärung

   Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten,
   namentlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, auf der Internet-Seite
   „adition.com“ mit allen Neben- und Unterseiten sowie durch ADITION
   adserving (Plattform). Die Plattform wird betrieben von der ADITION
   technologies AG aus Düsseldorf (Betreiber). Die E-Mailadresse des
   Betreibers lautet: info@adition.com. Die vollständigen Kontaktdaten
   können dem Impressum des Betreibers entnommen werden. Die Plattform
   dient der Information, zur Auslieferung von Werbung im Internet und zur
   Verwaltung der Werbeauslieferung. Dazu wird die Plattform auch von
   Kunden des Betreibers genutzt. Insoweit verarbeitet der Betreiber die
   Daten im Auftrag des jeweiligen Kunden, der für die auftragsgemäße
   Datenverarbeitung verantwortlich ist. Den Inhalt dieser Erklärung
   können Sie jederzeit über die gleichnamige Unterseite auf der Plattform
   abrufen und über die entsprechenden Funktionen Ihres Internet-Browsers
   auch speichern oder ausdrucken. Für die Nutzung der Plattform durch die
   Kunden des Betreibers wird auf die Datenschutzerklärung des jeweiligen
   Kunden verwiesen.

I. Vorbemerkungen

   Der Betreiber nimmt den Schutz Ihrer Daten ernst und hält sich an die
   Gesetze zum Datenschutz. Diese Gesetze dienen dem Schutz natürlicher
   Personen bei der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten. Personenbezogene
   Daten sind alle Informationen, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder
   identifizierbare natürliche Person beziehen. Solche Daten werden nur in
   dem Umfang verarbeitet, der zu einer etwaigen Vertragsabwicklung oder
   zur Bereitstellung und Verbesserung der Plattform erforderlich ist. Die
   Verarbeitung zur Vertragsabwicklung erfolgt nur, wenn Sie mit dem
   Betreiber einen Vertrag anbahnen oder abschließen; insoweit wird
   ergänzend auf den Nutzungsvertrag verwiesen. Die Verarbeitung zur
   Bereitstellung und Verbesserung erfolgt nur, soweit dies nachfolgend
   oder in einer gesonderten Einwilligung ausgewiesen, behördlich oder
   gerichtlich angeordnet oder sonst gesetzlich vorgesehen ist. Die Daten
   werden von dem Betreiber nur in den Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen
   Union (EU) verarbeitet. Insbesondere befinden sich also die vom
   Betreiber zur Datenverarbeitung genutzten Internet-Server in den
   Mitgliedstaaten der EU. Eine Übermittlung an ein Drittland oder eine
   internationale Organisation erfolgt grundsätzlich nicht.

II. Datenverarbeitung

   Ihre Daten werden formularabhängig sowie formularunabhängig
   verarbeitet. Formularabhängig sind dies die Daten, die Sie in einem
   Formular auf der Plattform angeben. Formularunabhängig sind dies die
   Daten, die Sie auch ohne Angabe in einem Formular auf den Servern des
   Betreibers hinterlassen. Dabei können Sie formularunabhängig auch Daten
   auf den Servern des Betreibers hinterlassen, wenn Sie eine App oder die
   Internet-Seite eines Kunden des Betreibers nutzen. Diese Daten werden
   vom Betreiber jedoch nur im Auftrag des Kunden verarbeitet, der für die
   Datenverarbeitung verantwortlich ist und dessen Datenschutzerklärung
   Sie der jeweiligen App bzw. Internet-Seite entnehmen können.

1.     Formularabhängige Verarbeitung

   Die Daten, die Sie in einem Formular auf der Plattform angeben, werden
   bei der Nutzung des Formulars, namentlich nach dem Absenden des
   Formulars, verarbeitet. Dabei handelt es sich um Daten zur
   Kontaktaufnahme und, soweit Sie Kunde des Betreibers sind, um die Daten
   zu Ihrem Kundenkonto. Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie über ein dafür
   vorgesehenes Formular absenden, werden grundsätzlich verschlüsselt an
   die Server des Betreibers übertragen.

a)    Kontaktformular

   Wenn Sie über ein Formular Kontakt mit dem Betreiber aufnehmen, werden
   Ihre im Kontakt-formular angegebenen Daten über die Server des
   Betreibers verschlüsselt an diesen per E-Mail übertragen. Eine darüber
   hinausgehende automatisierte Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
   findet insoweit nicht statt. Die zu Ihrer Person übertragenen Daten
   werden nur für die Bearbeitung Ihrer Anfrage verwendet. Handelt es sich
   um eine Anfrage in Zusammenhang mit einer Datenverarbeitung, die der
   Betreiber im Auftrag eines Kunden vornimmt, leitet der Betreiber Ihre
   Anfrage verschlüsselt an den jeweiligen Kunden weiter. Eine Antwort
   erfolgt grundsätzlich per E-Mail, die ebenfalls verschlüsselt
   übertragen wird, soweit Ihr Mail-Dienstleister dies unterstützt. Nach
   abschließender Bearbeitung der Anfrage werden Ihre personenbezogenen
   Daten, die Sie im Kontaktformular oder auf eine Antwort des Betreibers
   angegeben haben, wieder gelöscht. Dies gilt nicht, soweit die Daten
   noch zur Vertragsabwicklung erforderlich sind oder gesetzliche
   Aufbewahrungspflichten entgegenstehen; insoweit wird die Verarbeitung
   Ihrer Daten jedoch eingeschränkt.

b)    Kundenkonto

   Als Kunde des Betreibers wird für Sie ein Kundenkonto eingerichtet.
   Insoweit werden die im Nutzungsvertrag und gegebenenfalls später über
   die Formulare im Kundenkonto angegebenen Daten, insbesondere Ihre
   Kontakt- und Kampagnendaten, auf den Servern des Betreibers
   gespeichert. Die gespeicherten Daten können Sie über das Kundenkonto
   jederzeit einsehen und über die Formulare in den Einstellungen
   berichtigen oder vervollständigen. Dazu können Sie sich aber natürlich
   auch persönlich an den Betreiber wenden, beispielsweise per E-Mail an
   die eingangs genannte Adresse. Das gleiche gilt für eine Löschung des
   Kundenkontos. Ihre Daten können jedoch erst gelöscht werden, wenn sie
   nicht mehr zur Vertragsabwicklung erforderlich sind und keine
   gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten entgegenstehen; bis dahin wird die
   Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten jedoch eingeschränkt, insbesondere das
   Kundenkonto gesperrt.

2.     Formularunabhängige Verarbeitung

   Die Daten, die der Betreiber entweder für die Bereitstellung oder die
   Verbesserung der Plattform benötigt, werden formularunabhängig
   verarbeitet. Dabei kann es sich insbesondere um Browser-Cookies, Mobile
   Identifier und Zugriffsprotokolle handeln, wobei die Daten
   grundsätzlich verschlüsselt übertragen werden.

a)    Browser-Cookies

   Die Plattform verwendet sogenannte Cookies. Dabei handelt es sich um
   kleine Text-Dateien oder einfache Einträge in einer Datenbank, die Ihr
   Browser speichert. Die Daten in den Cookies können nur von der
   Plattform, die sie gespeichert hat, wieder ausgelesen werden. Dabei
   verwendet die Plattform einerseits Cookies, wenn Sie sich in Ihrem
   Kundenkonto anmelden. Diese Cookies sorgen dafür, dass nach der
   Anmeldung nur Sie auf die in Ihrem Kundenkonto hinterlegten Daten
   zugreifen können. Dazu wird in dem Cookie eine sogenannte Session-ID
   gespeichert. Nach der Abmeldung wird das Cookie mit der ID wieder
   gelöscht. Andererseits werden Cookies verwendet, wenn Sie eine
   Internet-Seite besuchen, die die Plattform nutzt. Das heißt, wenn Sie
   eine Seite besuchen, die über die Plattform Werbung ausliefert oder die
   Auslieferung von Werbung vorbereitet. Diese Cookies dienen dazu, die
   Werbeauslieferung zielgruppen- und interessengerecht zu gestalten. Dazu
   wird in dem Cookie eine sogenannte Werbe-ID gespeichert (bspw. damit
   Ihnen nicht immer wieder dieselbe Werbung angezeigt wird). Die ID kann
   auch werblichen Kategorien zugeordnet werden (bspw. Alter zwischen 18
   und 35 Jahren / Interesse an Autos). Diese Kategorien treffen jedoch
   sowohl einzeln als auch zusammen immer auf einen größeren Personenkreis
   zu. Das heißt, der Betreiber kann Sie als Person weder über die
   Werbe-ID als solche noch über die der ID zugeordneten Kategorien
   identifizieren. Die Cookies mit der Werbe-ID können auch von den
   Kunden, für die der Betreiber im Auftrag Daten verarbeitet, bei einer
   Werbeauslieferung über die Plattform genutzt werden. Die Kunden des
   Betreibers können die Werbe-ID einer eigenen ID mit werblichen
   Kategorien zuordnen. Insoweit ist für die Datenverarbeitung jedoch der
   jeweilige Kunde verantwortlich, für den Datenschutzerklärung auf der
   Internet-Seite gilt, die Sie besuchen. Die von der Plattform
   verwendeten Cookies richten auf Ihrem Endgerät (bspw. Computer /
   Tablet) keinen Schaden an, insbesondere enthalten sie keine Viren. Sie
   können die Speicherung von Cookies durch eine entsprechende Einstellung
   in Ihrem Browser verhindern; in diesem Fall können Sie möglicherweise
   nicht mehr alle Funktionen der Plattform bzw. der besuchten
   Internet-Seite nutzen. Das gleiche gilt für eine Löschung gespeicherter
   Cookies.

b)    Mobile-Identifier

   Über die Plattform kann Werbung auch in mobile Anwendungen (Apps)
   ausgeliefert werden. Dazu können die Apps einen sogenannten
   Mobile-Identifier verwenden, der durch das Betriebssystem Ihres
   Endgeräts (Apple iOS oder Google Android) bereitgestellt wird. Dieser
   Identifier entspricht letztlich der Werbe-ID aus einem Cookie. Das
   heißt, der Identifier kann werblichen Kategorien zugeordnet werden, um
   die Werbung in den Apps zielgruppen- und interessengerecht zu
   gestalten. Die Kategorien treffen jedoch immer auf einen größeren
   Personenkreis zu. Der Betreiber kann Sie als Person daher weder über
   den Identifier als solchen noch über die zugeordneten Kategorien
   identifizieren. Auch von den Kunden, für die der Betreiber die Werbung
   ausliefert, können die Identifier genutzt und einer eigenen ID mit
   werblichen Kategorien zugeordnet werden. Insoweit ist für die
   Datenverarbeitung jedoch der jeweilige Kunde verantwortlich. Der
   Betreiber kann den Identifier selbst weder auslesen, noch ändern oder
   löschen. Allerdings können Sie die Verwendung des Identifiers durch
   eine entsprechende Einstellung in der App bzw. in Ihrem Betriebssystem
   verhindern; in diesem Fall können Sie möglicherweise nicht mehr alle
   Funktionen der App bzw. des Systems nutzen. Das gleiche gilt, abhängig
   von der App und dem Betriebssystem, auch für eine Änderung oder
   Löschung des Identifiers. Wegen der Einzelheiten wird auf die
   Datenschutzerklärung der jeweiligen App und Ihres Systems verwiesen.

c)     Zugriffsprotokolle

   Die Nutzung der Plattform und die Werbeauslieferung werden statistisch
   ausgewertet. Dazu und um einen Missbrauch der Plattform zu verhindern,
   wird von dem Betreiber ein Zugriffsprotokoll erstellt. In dem Protokoll
   werden Daten über die Zugriffe auf die Plattform und den Abruf von
   Werbung gespeichert. Dabei handelt es sich um die Daten, die bei der
   Herstellung einer Verbindung durch Ihren Browser an die Plattform
   übertragen werden. Das heißt, es handelt sich um Ihre IP-Adresse, den
   Zeitpunkt des Zugriffs bzw. Abrufs, die ID in einem Cookie der
   Plattform bzw. den Mobile Identifier, auf welche Adresse (URL)
   zugegriffen wurde, ob der Zugriff erfolgreich war und wie groß die von
   der Plattform übertragenen Daten gewesen sind. Soweit Ihr Browser die
   jeweiligen Daten überträgt, werden außerdem die vorherige Adresse
   (Referrer) sowie Angaben zu dem verwendeten Betriebssystem und Browser
   (bspw. Version) gespeichert; die Übertragung dieser Daten können Sie
   über die Einstellungen Ihres Browsers jedoch verhindern. Die Protokolle
   werden, auch für die Kunden, die die Plattform zur Werbeauslieferung
   nutzen, statistisch ausgewertet. Der Auswertung kann entnommen werden,
   wann welche Werbung auf welche Internet-Seite bzw. in welche App
   ausgeliefert worden ist. Das heißt, der Statistik lassen sich die
   protokollierten Daten nur noch eingeschränkt entnehmen, insbesondere
   wird grundsätzlich das letzte Viertel (Oktett) der IP-Adresse
   geschwärzt. Die Identifizierung Ihrer Person lässt eine solche
   Auswertung also nicht zu. Zur Missbrauchsverhinderung werden die
   Protokolle verschlüsselt und getrennt von der Statistik gespeichert.
   Entschlüsselt und mit anderen Daten zusammengeführt werden die
   Protokolle nur bei einem konkreten Missbrauchsverdacht, wobei die
   Geschäftsleitung und der Datenschutzbeauftragte des Betreibers sowie
   gegebenenfalls des betroffenen Kunden hinzugezogen werden. Die
   Protokolle werden gelöscht, sobald sie nicht mehr zur
   Missbrauchsverhinderung erforderlich sind. Spätestens erfolgt die
   Löschung drei Monate nach dem Ende des Kalendermonats, in dem die Daten
   protokolliert worden sind.

d)    Soziale Netzwerke

   Die Plattform verlinkt soziale Netzwerke, welche von Dritten betrieben
   werden. Dies etwa um die Plattform oder Beiträge darauf in dem
   jeweiligen Netzwerk zu teilen (bspw. „Share“) oder zu liken (bspw.
   „Gefällt mir“). Eine Verbindung zu einem solchen Netzwerk wird jedoch
   erst hergestellt, nachdem Sie auf der Plattform die Schaltfläche (Link)
   für das jeweilige Netzwerk betätigt haben. Wegen der Verarbeitung
   personenbezogener Daten durch die sozialen Netzwerke, auf die der
   Betreiber keinen Einfluss hat, wird auf die Datenschutzerklärung des
   jeweiligen Betreibers verwiesen:
    1. XING (XING SE): https://www.xing.com/privacy
    2. LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland U.C.):
       https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
    3. Google+ (Google LLC): https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
    4. Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd.):
       https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
    5. Twitter (Twitter International Company):
       https://twitter.com/de/privacy

e)    Eingebettete Inhalte

   Die Plattform bettet auf ihren Unterseiten gegebenenfalls Inhalte von
   Google Maps (interaktive Karten) ein. Diese Inhalte werden also nicht
   über die Server des Betreibers, sondern über die Server der Google Inc.
   (Google) ausgeliefert. Bei der Anzeige und Nutzung der eingebetteten
   Inhalte wird Ihre IP-Adresse an die Server von Google übertragen. Denn
   ohne die Übertragung Ihrer IP-Adresse können die eingebetteten Inhalte
   von Ihrem Browser nicht abgerufen werden. Darüber hinaus überträgt Ihr
   Browser möglicherweise weitere Daten an die Server von Google (bspw.
   Ihren Standort, wenn Sie die entsprechende Funktion nutzen), worauf der
   Betreiber jedoch keinen Einfluss hat. Insoweit können Sie ergänzend die
   Datenschutzerklärung für Google Maps abrufen unter:
     * https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/

III. Ihre Rechte

   Wenn Sie von einer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten betroffen
   sind, stehen Ihnen nach den datenschutzrechtlichen Vorschriften Rechte
   gegenüber dem für die Datenverarbeitung Verantwortlichen zu. Sie können
   sich jederzeit an den Betreiber wenden, um diese Rechte geltend zu
   machen, beispielsweise per E-Mail über die eingangs genannte Adresse.
   Das gleiche gilt bei sonstigen Fragen zum Datenschutz durch den
   Betreiber. Neben dem Betreiber steht Ihnen auch der
   Datenschutzbeauftragte des Betreibers zur Verfügung: Herr Rechtsanwalt
   Daniel Raimer aus der Kanzlei Daniel Raimer in Düsseldorf; die
   Kontaktdaten des Datenschutzbeauftragten können Sie dessen Impressum
   entnehmen. Erfolgt die Datenverarbeitung im Auftrag eines Kunden des
   Betreibers, können Sie sich jederzeit an diesen Kunden wenden; für
   dessen Kontaktdaten wird auf das Impressum der jeweiligen App bzw.
   Internet-Seite verwiesen, die Sie nutzen. Bei der Kontaktaufnahme wegen
   Werbung im Internet sollten Sie folgende Informationen angeben, um eine
   Zuordnung zu ermöglichen:
     *

       IFRAME:
       https://static.adfarm1.adition.com/co1.sjs?var_name=adition_userid

   Bei der Kontaktaufnahme in anderem Zusammenhang sollten Sie ebenfalls
   Informationen angeben, die in dem jeweiligen Zusammenhang eine
   Zuordnung ermöglichen (bspw. als Kunde Ihre Kunden-Nummer).

1.     Widerrufsrecht

   Sie haben das Recht, eine etwaige Einwilligung in die Datenverarbeitung
   jederzeit zu widerrufen. Durch den Widerruf einer Einwilligung wird die
   Rechtmäßigkeit der aufgrund der Einwilligung bis zum Widerruf erfolgten
   Verarbeitung nicht berührt.

2.     Widerspruchsrecht

a)    Allgemein

   Sie haben das Recht, aus Gründen, die sich aus Ihrer besonderen
   Situation ergeben, jederzeit gegen die Verarbeitung Sie betreffender
   personenbezogener Daten, die zur Wahrnehmung einer im öffentlichen
   Interesse liegenden Aufgabe erforderlich ist oder zur Wahrung der
   berechtigten Interessen des Betreibers erfolgt, Widerspruch einzulegen.
   Der Betreiber verarbeitet die personenbezogenen Daten dann nicht mehr,
   es sei denn, er kann zwingende schutzwürdige Gründe für die
   Verarbeitung nachweisen, die Ihre Interessen, Rechte und Freiheiten
   überwiegen, oder die Verarbeitung dient der Geltendmachung, Ausübung
   oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen.

b)    Werbung

   Werden Ihre Daten verarbeitet, um Direktwerbung zu betreiben, so haben
   Sie das Recht, jederzeit Widerspruch gegen die Datenverarbeitung zum
   Zwecke derartiger Werbung einzulegen. Widersprechen Sie der
   Verarbeitung für Zwecke der Direktwerbung, dann werden Ihre
   personenbezogenen Daten nicht mehr für diese Zwecke verarbeitet.

   Einen Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung von Cookies zu Werbezwecken
   können Sie über folgenden Link erklären:
     * Opt-Out

   Dadurch wird ein sogenanntes Opt Out-Cookie gesetzt. Dieses Cookie
   verhindert, dass in Ihrem Browser ein Cookie mit einer Werbe-ID
   gespeichert wird oder Sie sonst Werbekategorien zugeordnet werden. Eine
   bereits vorhandene ID des Betreibers wird gelöscht. Dadurch können auch
   die Kunden des Betreibers Sie keiner eigenen ID oder werblichen
   Kategorien mehr zuordnen. Das Opt Out-Cookie setzt natürlich voraus,
   dass Sie mit der entsprechenden Einstellung in Ihrem Browser nicht die
   Speicherung von Cookies verhindern oder das Cookie Löschen. Nach einer
   Löschung des Opt Out-Cookies müssten Sie den Widerspruch also
   wiederholen. Ist in Ihrem Browser ein Opt Out-Cookie gesetzt, können
   Sie dies über folgenden Link auch wieder rückgängig machen:
     * Opt-In

   Ebenso können Sie das Präferenzmanagement der EDAA nutzen, das Sie über
   folgenden Link erreichen:
     * http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/

   Darüber hinaus wertet der Betreiber es als Widerspruch gegen eine
   Datenverarbeitung zu Werbezwecken, wenn Sie in den Einstellungen Ihres
   Browser die Do Not Track-Option setzen. Verhindern Sie in den
   Einstellungen Ihres mobilen Endgeräts (Smartphone / Tablet) die
   Verwendung eines Mobile Identifiers, wird dieser nicht mehr zur
   Werbeauslieferung über die App(s) des jeweiligen Geräts verwendet. Die
   Einstellung wirkt sich jedoch nicht auf Cookies aus, die im Browser
   desselben Geräts gespeichert ist. Einen Widerspruch gegen die
   Verarbeitung solcher Cookies müssten Sie also gesondert erklären (bspw.
   indem Sie das oben verlinkte Präferenzmanagement über den Browser des
   Geräts aufrufen).

   Ihr Recht, sich für einen Widerspruch persönlich an den Betreiber bzw.
   dessen Kunden zu wenden, bleibt natürlich unberührt.

3.     Beschwerderecht

   Sie haben das Recht auf Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde, wenn Sie
   der Ansicht sind, dass die Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden
   personenbezogenen Daten gegen die gesetzlichen Vorschriften verstößt.
   Zuständig am Sitz des Betreibers ist die Landesbeauftragte für
   Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit Nordrhein-Westfalen (LDI) in
   Düsseldorf; die Kontaktdaten können Sie der Internet-Seite des LDI
   entnehmen. Ihr Recht, sich bei einer anderen Aufsichtsbehörde,
   insbesondere in dem Mitgliedstaat Ihres Aufenthaltsorts, Ihres
   Arbeitsplatzes oder des Orts des mutmaßlichen Verstoßes, zu beschweren,
   bleibt unberührt. Außerdem besteht das Beschwerderecht unbeschadet
   eines anderweitigen verwaltungsrechtlichen oder gerichtlichen
   Rechtsbehelfs.

4.     Auskunftsrecht

   Sie haben das Recht, von dem Betreiber eine Bestätigung darüber zu
   verlangen, ob Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet
   werden; ist dies der Fall, so haben Sie ein Recht auf Auskunft über
   diese Daten und auf folgende Informationen: (a) die
   Verarbeitungszwecke; (b) die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten, die
   verarbeitet werden; (c) die Empfänger oder Kategorien von Empfängern,
   gegenüber denen die Daten offengelegt worden sind oder noch offengelegt
   werden; (d) die geplante Dauer, für die die Daten gespeichert werden,
   oder falls dies nicht möglich ist, die Kriterien für die Festlegung
   dieser Dauer; (e) Ihre Rechte nach den datenschutzrechtlichen
   Vorschriften; (f) wenn die Daten nicht bei Ihnen erhoben werden, alle
   verfügbaren Informationen über die Herkunft der Daten; (g) das Bestehen
   einer automatisierten Entscheidungsfindung einschließlich Profiling und
   aussagekräftige Informationen darüber. Die Informationen können Sie
   überwiegend bereits dieser Erklärung entnehmen. Ergänzend können Sie
   sich aber natürlich jederzeit an den Betreiber wenden, beispielsweise
   per E-Mail an die eingangs genannte Adresse. Auf Antrag stellt der
   Betreiber Ihnen eine Kopie der personenbezogenen Daten, die Gegenstand
   der Verarbeitung sind, zur Verfügung. Dies jedoch nur, soweit dadurch
   nicht die Rechte und Freiheiten anderer Personen beeinträchtigt werden.
   Stellen Sie den Antrag elektronisch, werden Ihnen die Informationen in
   einem gängigen elektronischen Format zur Verfügung gestellt, sofern Sie
   nichts anderes angeben.

5.     Recht auf Berichtigung

   Sie haben das Recht, von dem Betreiber unverzüglich die Berichtigung
   Sie betreffender unrichtiger personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen.
   Unter Berücksichtigung der Zwecke der Verarbeitung haben Sie außerdem
   das Recht, die Vervollständigung unvollständiger personenbezogener
   Daten – auch mittels einer ergänzenden Erklärung – zu verlangen.

6.     Recht auf Löschung

   Sie haben das Recht, von dem Betreiber zu verlangen, dass Sie
   betreffende personenbezogene Daten unverzüglich gelöscht werden, und
   der Betreiber ist verpflichtet, diese Daten unverzüglich zu löschen,
   sofern einer der folgenden Gründe zutrifft: (a) die Daten sind für die
   Zwecke, für die sie erhoben oder auf sonstige Weise verarbeitet wurden,
   nicht mehr notwendig; (b) Sie widerrufen Ihre Einwilligung, auf die
   sich die Verarbeitung stützte, und es fehlt an einer anderweitigen
   Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung; (c) Sie legen Widerspruch gegen
   die Verarbeitung ein und es liegen keine vorrangigen berechtigten
   Gründe für die Verarbeitung vor oder Ihr Widerspruch betrifft die
   Direktwerbung; (d) Ihre personenbezogenen Daten wurden unrechtmäßig
   verarbeitet; (e) die Löschung ist zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen
   Verpflichtung, der der Betreiber unterliegt, erforderlich oder (f) die
   Daten wurden bei einem Angebot von Diensten der
   Informationsgesellschaft, das einem Kind direkt gemacht wird, aufgrund
   dessen Einwilligung erhoben.

   Das Löschungsrecht gilt jedoch nicht, soweit die Verarbeitung
   erforderlich ist: (a) zur Ausübung des Rechts auf freie
   Meinungsäußerung und Information; (b) zur Erfüllung einer gesetzlichen
   Verpflichtung; (c) zur Wahrnehmung einer Aufgabe, die im öffentlichen
   Interesse liegt oder (d) zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung
   von Rechtsansprüchen. Insoweit können Sie gegebenenfalls eine Sperrung
   verlangen.

7.     Recht auf Sperrung

   Sie haben das Recht, von dem Betreiber die Einschränkung (Sperrung) der
   Verarbeitung zu verlangen, wenn eine der folgenden Voraussetzungen
   gegeben ist: (a) die Richtigkeit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten wird von
   Ihnen bestritten, und zwar für eine Dauer, die es dem Betreiber
   ermöglicht, die Richtigkeit dieser Daten zu überprüfen; (b) die
   Verarbeitung unrechtmäßig ist und Sie die Löschung Ihrer Daten ablehnen
   und stattdessen die Einschränkung der Datennutzung verlangen; (c) der
   Betreiber die personenbezogenen Daten für die Zwecke der Verarbeitung
   nicht länger benötigt, Sie sie jedoch zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder
   Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen benötigen oder (d) Sie Widerspruch
   gegen die Verarbeitung eingelegt haben, solange noch nicht feststeht,
   ob die berechtigten Gründe des Betreibers gegenüber Ihren überwiegen;
   der Abwägung berechtigter Gründe bedarf es nicht bei einem Widerspruch
   gegen die Verarbeitung zu Zwecken der Direktwerbung.

   Wurde die Verarbeitung eingeschränkt, so dürfen Ihre personenbezogenen
   Daten – von der Speicherung abgesehen – nur mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder
   zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen
   oder zum Schutz der Rechte einer anderen Person oder aus Gründen eines
   wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses verarbeitet werden. Haben Sie eine
   Einschränkung der Verarbeitung erwirkt, werden Sie von dem Betreiber
   unterrichtet, bevor die Einschränkung aufgehoben wird.

8.     Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit

   Sie haben das Recht, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie dem
   Betreiber bereitgestellt haben, in einem strukturierten, gängigen und
   maschinenlesbaren Format zu erhalten, und Sie haben das Recht, diese
   Daten einem anderen Verantwortlichen ohne Behinderung durch den
   Betreiber zu übermitteln, sofern die Verarbeitung auf Ihrer
   Einwilligung oder auf einem Vertrag zwischen Ihnen und dem Betreiber
   beruht und die Verarbeitung mithilfe automatisierter Verfahren erfolgt.
   Insoweit haben Sie das Recht, zu erwirken, dass Ihre personenbezogenen
   Daten direkt von dem Betreiber einem anderen Verantwortlichen
   übermittelt werden, soweit dies technisch machbar ist und die Rechte
   und Freiheiten anderer Personen nicht beeinträchtigt werden. Ihr
   Löschungsrecht bleibt unberührt. Dieses Recht gilt nicht für eine
   Verarbeitung, die für die Wahrnehmung einer Aufgabe erforderlich ist,
   die im öffentlichen Interesse liegt.

9.     Sonstiges

   Der Betreiber teilt allen Empfängern, denen Ihre Daten offengelegt
   wurden, jede Berichtigung oder Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
   oder eine Einschränkung der Verarbeitung mit, es sei denn, dies erweist
   sich als unmöglich oder ist mit einem unverhältnismäßigen Aufwand
   verbunden. Der Betreiber unterrichtet Sie über solche Empfänger, wenn
   Sie dies verlangen.

   Hat der Betreiber die personenbezogenen Daten öffentlich gemacht und
   ist er zur Löschung verpflichtet, so wird er unter Berücksichtigung der
   verfügbaren Technologie und der Implementierungskosten angemessene
   Maßnahmen treffen, um Dritte, die Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
   verarbeiten, darüber zu informieren, dass Sie die Löschung aller Links
   zu diesen Daten oder von Kopien der Daten verlangt haben.

IV. Schlussbemerkungen

1.     Rechtsgrundlagen

   Die gesetzlichen Vorschriften für den Datenschutz finden sich
   insbesondere im Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (BDSG) und dem Telemediengesetz
   (TMG). Ab dem 25. Mai 2018 gilt vorrangig jedoch die
   Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO). Soweit Sie eine ausdrückliche
   Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten gegeben haben, ist diese
   zugleich Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung zu den Zwecken, in
   die Sie eingewilligt haben (Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchst. a DSGVO). Soweit die
   Verarbeitung für die Erfüllung oder Anbahnung eines Vertrags
   erforderlich ist, bildet dies die Rechtsgrundlage (Art. 6 Abs. 1
   Buchst. b DSGVO). Dabei handelt es sich um Nutzungsverträge, die
   zwischen Ihnen und dem Betreiber geschlossen oder auf Ihre Anfrage
   angebahnt werden. Im Übrigen ist Rechtsgrundlage der Datenverarbeitung
   die Wahrung der berechtigten Interessen des Betreibers (Art. 6 Abs.
   Buchst. f DSGVO). Dabei handelt es sich um das wirtschaftliche
   Interesse an dem Betrieb der Plattform, insbesondere an der
   Auslieferung zielgruppen- und interessengerechter Werbung. Es besteht
   keine automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung einschließlich Profiling im
   Sinne von Art. 22 DSGVO. Insbesondere entfaltet die Zuordnung zu
   werblichen Merkmalen Ihnen gegenüber keine rechtliche Wirkung oder
   beeinträchtigt sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich.

2.     Schutzmaßnahmen

   Der Betreiber setzt unter Berücksichtigung der Art, des Umfangs, der
   Umstände und der Zwecke der Verarbeitung sowie der unterschiedlichen
   Eintrittswahrscheinlichkeit und Schwere der Risiken für Ihre Rechte und
   Freiheiten geeignete technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen ein, um
   sicherzustellen zu können, dass die Datenverarbeitung gemäß der
   gesetzlichen Vorschriften erfolgt. Die Maßnahmen werden unter
   Berücksichtigung des Stands der Technik getroffen und schließen
   insbesondere eine Verschlüsselung Ihrer Daten ein. Die Anlagen und
   Systeme, auf denen die Daten verarbeitet werden, sind vor
   unberechtigtem Zugriff sowohl physisch als auch digital geschützt.
   Insbesondere sind die Server des Betreibers passwortgeschützt. Durch
   regelmäßige Tests und Aktualisierung der eingesetzten Software beugt
   der Betreiber Sicherheitslücken vor, die einen Missbrauch Ihrer Daten
   ermöglichen könnten. Dabei erhalten nur die dem Betreiber unterstellten
   Personen (Mitarbeiter), die dies für die Erfüllung ihrer Aufgaben
   benötigen, Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten, und zwar nur in dem
   jeweils erforderlichen Umfang. Die Mitarbeiter des Betreibers werden
   vorab in die Datenverarbeitung eingewiesen und zur Geheimhaltung
   verpflichtet. Durch regelmäßige Sicherheitskopien (Backups) sind die
   Daten vor Verlust geschützt und können jederzeit wiederhergestellt
   werden. Die Voreinstellung der Systeme stellt sicher, dass
   grundsätzlich nur personenbezogene Daten, deren Verarbeitung für den
   jeweiligen Verarbeitungszweck erforderlich ist, verarbeitet werden.
   Dadurch werden die Datenschutzgrundsätze wie etwa die Datenminimierung
   umgesetzt. Darüber hinaus stellt der Betreiber durch die technischen
   und organisatorischen Maßnahmen die Vertraulichkeit, Integrität,
   Verfügbarkeit und Belastbarkeit der Systeme sicher. Die Einhaltung der
   datenschutzrechtlichen Vorschriften wird regelmäßig überprüft und die
   Maßnahmen erforderlichenfalls aktualisiert.

Weitere Hinweise

Einsatz von Mailchimp

   Für die Versendung unseres Newsletters setzen wir den Dienst MailChimp
   des Dienstleisters Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE
   #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA ein, der Ihre Daten ausschließlich in
   unserem Auftrag sowie nach unserer Weisung verarbeitet (sog.
   Auftragsverarbeiter nach Artikel 28 DS-GVO) und der geeignete
   technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Rechte
   getroffen hat. Die Datenschutzbestimmungen des Dienstes finden Sie
   hier: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.

   Dabei werden Ihre Daten in den USA verarbeitet und dorthin übermittelt,
   d. h. einem Drittland außerhalb der Europäischen Union (EU) oder des
   Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR). Für dieses Land besteht kein
   Angemessenheitsbeschluss der EU-Kommission, der gewährleistet, dass
   dort ein dem Europäischen Standard entsprechendes Datenschutzniveau
   besteht. Um Ihre Daten gleichwohl wirksam zu schützen, erfolgt die
   Übermittlung und Verarbeitung auf Grundlage des sogenannten EU-US
   Privacy Shields, unter dem der Anbieter registriert ist. Weitere
   Informationen finden sie hier:
   https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG

   Dieser Dienstleister hilft uns dabei, durch die Integration von
   Pixel-Tags in die Newsletter, auf pseudonymisierter Basis
   festzustellen, wie viele Empfänger unsere Newsletter geöffnet haben und
   auf welche darin enthaltenen Links geklickt wurden. Im Rahmen dieses
   Abrufs werden zunächst technische Informationen, wie Informationen zum
   Browser und Ihrem System, als auch Ihre IP-Adresse und Zeitpunkt des
   Abrufs erhoben. Diese Informationen werden zur technischen Verbesserung
   der Services anhand der technischen Daten oder der Zielgruppen und
   ihres Leseverhaltens anhand derer Abruforte (die mit Hilfe der
   IP-Adresse bestimmbar sind) oder der Zugriffszeiten genutzt. Dies
   erfolgt auf Grundlage des Artikel 6 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Buchstabe f)
   DS-GVO. Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Analyse des
   Öffnungs-Verhaltens unserer Newsletter um unsere Dienstleistungen zu
   optimieren und unsere Dienstleistungen wirtschaftlich betreiben zu
   können. Wenn Sie damit nicht einverstanden sind, dann öffnen Sie
   unseren Newsletter nicht und klicken nicht auf darin enthaltene Links.
   Der Versanddienstleister kann nach eigenen Informationen diese Daten in
   pseudonymer Form, d.h. ohne Zuordnung zu einem Nutzer, zur Optimierung
   oder Verbesserung der eigenen Services nutzen, z.B. zur technischen
   Optimierung des Versandes und der Darstellung oder für statistische
   Zwecke, um zu bestimmen, aus welchen Ländern die Empfänger kommen,
   verwenden.

Einsatz von Salesforce

   Auf unserer Webseite haben Benutzer die Möglichkeit mehr über unser
   Unternehmen zu erfahren, Inhalte herunter zu laden und ihre
   Kontaktinformationen sowie weitere demografische Informationen zur
   Verfügung zu stellen. Diese Informationen werden auf Servern unseres
   Softwarepartners Salesforce gespeichert. Sie können von uns genutzt
   werden, um mit Besuchern unserer Website in Kontakt zu treten und um zu
   ermitteln, welche Leistungen unseres Unternehmens für sie interessant
   sind. Alle von uns erfassten Informationen unterliegen dieser
   Datenschutzbestimmung. Wir nutzen alle erfassten Informationen
   ausschließlich zur Optimierung unseres Marketings.

   Salesforce.com ist zertifizierter Lizenznehmer des TRUSTe Privacy Seal
   (Online-Datenschutzsiegel). Weitere Informationen zum Umgang mit
   personenbezogenen Daten durch salesforce.com können Sie der
   vollständigen Datenschutzerklärung entnehmen. Fragen bezüglich der
   Datenschutzerklärung oder des Umgangs mit personenbezogenen Daten
   stellen Sie bitte hier oder per Post an folgende Adresse:
   Salesforce.com Privacy; The Landmark @ One Market Street, Suite 300;
   San Francisco, CA 94105, USA

Einsatz von The ADEX (DMP)

   Wir nutzen Technologie der The ADEX GmbH, Berlin  zur anonymen
   Erfassung von Informationen hinsichtlich Ihres Nutzungsverhaltens und
   die Zurverfügungstellung dieser anonymen Daten an Drittanbieter zur
   Einblendung nutzungsbasierter Werbung. Die Einstellungen zur Erfassung
   und Nutzung können Sie in Ihren Cookie-Einstellungen oder unter
   folgendem Link anpassen:
   http://de.theadex.com/company/consumer-opt-out/#opt-in-out

ADITION technologies AG

   Oststraße 55
   D-40211 Düsseldorf
   +49 (0)211 987400 30
   info@adition.com

   Vorstände:
   Ralf Hammerath
   Daniel Dagehus
   Thomas Weitzer
   Marcus Schlüter

Produktlösungen

     * Demand Side Platform (DSP)
     * Adserving & Targeting
     * Video Advertising & Creative
     * Attribution & Automation
     * Supply Side Platform (SSP)
     * Data Management Platform (DMP)

Unternehmen

     * European Full Tech Stack
     * Über uns
     * Rechenzentren
     * Team
     * Karriere
     * AGB

Aktuelles

     * News & Pressemitteilungen
     * Pressespiegel
     * Shortfacts

Datenschutz

     * Opt-Out

   © Copyright | ADITION technologies AG | Impressum | Datenschutz | AGB
   XingLinkedInFacebookTwitter
   #alternate alternate ADITION technologies AG » Feed ADITION
   technologies AG » Kommentar-Feed ADITION technologies AG » Programmatic
   Advertising Solutions Kommentar-Feed alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   Frontend Login | Wiki Login | Customer Community Login
   XingLinkedInFacebookTwitter
   ADITION technologies AG Logo ADITION technologies AG Logo

     * Produktlösungen
          + Demand Side (DSP)
          + Video & Creative
          + Adserving & Targeting
          + Attribution
          + Supply Side (SSP)
          + Data Hub (DMP)
     * Referenzen
          + Usecases
          + Showroom
          + Kunden
          + Partner
          + Zertifikate
     * Unternehmen
          + Full Tech Stack
          + Über uns
          + Rechenzentren
          + Team
          + Karriere
     * Aktuelles
          + News & Events
          + Pressemitteilungen
          + Pressespiegel
          + Shortfacts
     * Kontakt
     * en
     * Search for: ____________________
       

   #REDEFINED

   FULL TECH STACK

   EUROPEAN

   Programmatic Advertising SolutionsADITION2019-07-12T14:01:50+00:00

Der Full Stack für das effiziente Management Ihres digitalen Werbegeschäfts
und Ihrer Programmatic Advertising Kampagnen: alle Kanäle, alle Screens, Sell
Side, Buy Side & Mixed

Programmatic Advertising Ecosystem

Demand-Side (DSP)

   Programmatic Media-Buying

Die beste Lösung für den program- matischen Media-Einkauf

   Details

Video & Creative

   Rich Media and Video Advertising

Brand-Awareness mit Rich-Media & Video erhöhen

   Details

Adserving & Targeting

   Marketing- and Publisherefficiency

Unterstützung aller Anforderungen digitaler Werbeformate

   Details

Attribution & Automation

   Customer Journey Optimization

Intelligente Optimierung Ihrer Online-Marketing-Kampagnen

   Details

Data-Hub(DMP)

   Data-driven Advertising

Daten- gesteuerte Online-Werbung auf allen Screens

   Details

Supply-Side
(SSP)

   Programmatic Premium Inventory

Publisher Media-Beziehungen automatisieren

   Details

Zahlreiche Advertiser, Agenturen, Publisher, Vermarkter & Werbenetzwerke
schenken uns ihr Vertrauen

     *
     * 71 Media Logo
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Unser Selbstverständnis am Markt

Legal Certainty

   Unter strenger Einhaltung der deutschen und europäischen
   Datenschutzbestimmungen bieten wir unseren Kunden Rechtssicherheit,
   Marken- und Investitionsschutz. Jederzeit und ohne Kompromisse.

Quality First

   Mit einer konstant hohen Qualität, schnellen Reaktionszeiten und einer
   partnerschaftlichen Arbeitsweise überzeugen wir unsere Kunden und
   Partner immer wieder aufs Neue. Tag für Tag. Woche für Woche.

Customer Centricity

   Unsere Adtechnology-Lösung wird agil in sehr enger Abstimmung mit
   unseren Kunden weiterentwickelt und mit den aktuellen
   Marktentwicklungen als First Mover synchronisiert.
   0+
   Mitarbeiter (vm-Gruppe)
   0+
   Standorte (vm-Gruppe) in Europa
   0%
   Adtechnology Know-How
   0+
   zufriedene Kunden im DACH-Markt

News & Pressemitteilungen

‚Du kannst‘: ING und PREX starten erste programmatische Addressable
TV-Kampagne über d-force

dfv Mediengruppe setzt auf „Adtech made in Germany“ und macht ADITION zu
ihrer Mediatechnologie-Plattform

ProSiebenSat.1 PULS 4 und Nespresso starten Addressable TV Cross Device
Kampagne mit integriertem Voting-Tool

ProSiebenSat.1 PULS 4 setzt mit REWE die erste Addressable TV Cross Device
Kampagne um

   12Next
   Load More Posts

Offices

   IFRAME:
   https://www.google.com/maps/embed/v1/place?key=AIzaSyBXKWZmQt5c-UN0RgYi
   C6ZPi7ydiAaPXiU&language=de&q=ADITION+technologies+AG,+Oststra%C3%9Fe+5
   5,+40211+D%C3%BCsseldorf,+ADITION+technologies+AG,+Ellen-Gottlieb-Stra%
   C3%9Fe+16,+79106+Freiburg+im+Breisgau,+ADITION+technologies+AG,+Landsbe
   rger+Str.+155,+80687+M%C3%BCnchen,+ADITION+UK+Ltd.,+5,+St+John%E2%80%99
   s+Lane,+UK-EC1M+4BH+London,+ADITION+technologies+AG,+Torstr.+19,+D-1011
   9+Berlin,+ADITION+Schweiz+GmbH,+Via+A.+Ciseri+13+A+/+P.O.+Box+763,+CH-6
   601+Locarno&maptype=roadmap&zoom=4

Düsseldorf

   ADITION technologies AG
   Oststraße 55
   D-40211 Düsseldorf

Berlin

   ADITION technologies AG
   Torstr. 19
   D-10119 Berlin

Freiburg

   ADITION technologies AG
   Ellen-Gottlieb-Straße 16
   D-79106 Freiburg im Breisgau

München

   ADITION technologies AG
   Landsberger Str. 155
   D-80687 München

Locarno

   ADITION Schweiz GmbH
   Via A. Ciseri 13 A / P.O. Box 763
   CH-6601 Locarno

London

   ADITION UK Ltd.
   5, St John’s Lane,
   UK-EC1M 4BH London,

ADITION technologies AG

   Oststraße 55
   D-40211 Düsseldorf
   +49 (0)211 987400 30
   info@adition.com

   Vorstände:
   Ralf Hammerath
   Daniel Dagehus
   Thomas Weitzer
   Marcus Schlüter

Produktlösungen

     * Demand Side Platform (DSP)
     * Adserving & Targeting
     * Video Advertising & Creative
     * Attribution & Automation
     * Supply Side Platform (SSP)
     * Data Management Platform (DMP)

Unternehmen

     * European Full Tech Stack
     * Über uns
     * Rechenzentren
     * Team
     * Karriere
     * AGB

Aktuelles

     * News & Pressemitteilungen
     * Pressespiegel
     * Shortfacts

Datenschutz

     * Opt-Out

   © Copyright | ADITION technologies AG | Impressum | Datenschutz | AGB
   XingLinkedInFacebookTwitter

   Verschwenden Sie keine Zeit!

ADITION Shortfacts

   Mit Hilfe unserer Shortfacts erhalten Sie alle grundlegenden
   Informationen zu unseren Produktlösungen - bequem per Mail ins
   Postfach.
   ____________________
   Vorname
   ____________________
   Nachname
   ____________________
   Email
   ____________________
   DOWNLOAD *
   * Mit dem Klick auf 'Download' akzeptieren Sie
   unsere Datenschutzerklärung.
   [javascript]
   close-link
