   #Crockett's Classroom - Atom Crockett's Classroom - RSS

   [tr?id=123505788282115&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

     * Home
     * Library
     * Product Previews
     * About Me
     * Disclosure

     * Email
     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * TPT

   ____________________

   (BUTTON)
   Crockett's Classroom

   Powered by Blogger.

  Why You Should be Using Student Binders

   back to school, Featured, organized binder Wednesday, September 11,
   2019


   Helping your students keep everything organized is so much easier with
   binders. Being organized is an important life skill that needs to be
   taught. Showing kids how to set up and maintain a binder isn't
   difficult, it just takes a little time.
   Are you tired of students not being able to find that math paper you
   started yesterday and want to finish today?   Then you should be using
   student binders.  I can't say my students never lose a paper anymore,
   but it's pretty rare.
   In my classroom, organization is a priority.  I keep my desk and
   materials organized and I expect my students to keep their things
   organized, too. That’s why every student uses a binder to keep their
   papers organized. Most of the time, coming into third grade is the
   first time they’ve used a binder.  So, one of our first tasks is to set
   up our binders.  Here's how I do it.
   Binder Choices
   I’ve found that 1 or 1.5 inch binders are a good size.  If you go much
   larger, they take up too much space in the desk.  I like the binders
   with a clear pocket on the front so we can slide in a cover.  I'm able
   to order binders from our district warehouse, so every student got the
   exact same binder.  But you can also stock up during back-to-school
   sales, or put them on your class wish list.
   If you have students bring in their own binders, I suggest you do not
   allow the Trapper Keeper binders.  These binders are set up to hold
   pocket folders which are actually more difficult to keep organized.
   Papers need to be clipped into the three rings of a regular binder.  If
   they're put in folder pockets, they get wrinkled, torn, and can fall
   out.
   Binder dividers are the key to organizing the materials inside. This
   set has a printable page. You can print a set for every student so they
   all have the same tabs.
   Dividers
   The dividers with plastic tabs that let you slide in a label work
   best.  The slide in tabs come with a sheet of blank tabs that can be
   put through a printer to customize with the labels you want.
   These are the tabs I usually have in my binders:
   --V.I.P.   Very Important Papers.  This section holds pages with the
   class or school information.  The papers in this section usually stay
   all year long.
   --Subject tabs    There is a tab for each subject area; reading,
   language, spelling, math, science, and social studies.
   The packet of dividers usually has eight dividers.  That should be
   plenty to set them up the way you want.
   Pockets
   The pockets inside the front and back cover are used for the
   communications sent home and then returned to school.  The front cover
   is labeled Home and the back pocket is labeled School.  So, anything
   that needs to be seen by parents is put in the front pocket.  Anything
   that needs to be returned to school should be placed in the back
   pocket.  To tell the truth, the back pocket is often ignored and all
   papers coming back to school are usually put in the front pocket.  I
   don't get too picky about that, as long as the papers get back and
   forth safely.
   Using the Binders
   Once you have everything ready, it’s time to show your students how to
   use the binders.  Don’t be surprised if this is the first time your
   kids have actually used a binder.  In fact, you will probably need to
   show them is how to open the rings.  The best way is to press the top
   and bottom openers (I don’t know the official name for those things!)
   If they pull the rings apart, they will eventually become misaligned
   and not close properly.
   To save time I usually have the dividers already in the binders before
   I hand them out.  This way, I’m sure all the dividers are put in
   correctly so the divider with the first tab is on top.  But, I let the
   kids slide the labels into the tabs.  Most of them can do it, but a few
   will need extra help.
   As they are adding the labels, explain that papers for each section go
   BEHIND the tab.  They must “open” the section by holding the tab and
   moving it from the right side to the left side of the binder.  It’s
   just like opening a book.  You open a book by moving the cover to the
   left.  For some reason, this is very confusing for some students.
   During the first couple of weeks I go around and double-check that the
   paper I've just asked them to put away is behind the correct tab.
   I created a set of binder covers for you!  There are five designs, both
   bw and color. There's also a template for printing the tab labels.
   (Click on the image)
   Set of binder covers, both color and bw.
   Click on the image to download this set of binder covers.  This is a
   PowerPoint file which is editable when it's open in PowerPoint.  (IT IS
   NOT EDITABLE WHEN IT OPENS IN YOUR BROWSER.)
   Daily Use
   The main reason for using a binder is so students can keep important
   pieces of paper and find them later.  For example, If we start working
   on a reading assignment and don’t have time to finish, students put it
   in their binder and we get it out the next day.  Binders drastically
   cut down on crumpled, torn, or lost papers.
   Students don't keep every paper in their binder.  If we did the binder
   would soon be stuffed so full it wouldn't close!  My general rule is to
   keep ongoing work, reference pages we'll use again, and graded
   assignments.   Practice pages we don't need anymore go in the Home
   pocket and hopefully are taken out at home.
   I require that all graded papers stay in the binder until the end of
   the quarter.  That way, parents can see them and if there is ever a
   question about a grade, the assignment is right there.  It's also handy
   for student to look back at their work to see their progress.
   Tips:
   -Make it a routine to tell students where to put papers in their
   binders.  If you want a math paper kept, tell them to put it in the
   math section of their binder.  If it's just a practice paper that
   doesn't need to be kept, tell them to put it in the Home pocket to be
   taken out that night.  Don’t assume they know where to put something.
   -Check frequently to make sure students have cleaned out the
   home/school pockets.  You don’t want to miss any notes from parents.
   Some parents don't take out the class or school announcements or flyers
   that are meant to be kept at home.
   -Depending on my desk arrangement I had table or row captains.  One of
   their jobs is to check to make sure all students in their group have
   placed a paper in the correct place.  It saves me a lot of time.  Plus,
   kids love to help each other.
   -If I have a student who is especially challenged with staying
   organized, I assign a buddy to help him/her.
   -Have a thorough cleaning out and reorganizing at the end of each
   quarter.  I have students take out everything we don't need anymore.
   The graded papers can be stapled and sent home.  This way you'll start
   the new quarter with a fresh binder.
   Do you have any special ways to keep your student binders organized?
   Share your fresh ideas.
   [binder%2Bpinterest%2B%2B2.png]

   your photo name

   Posted by Debbie Crockett at 9:43:00 AM
   Share

  How to Avoid Messy Desks

   Featured, organize, start of school year Friday, August 30, 2019

   Students need to be taught how to be organized. The first step is to
   show them how to store materials in their desks. This simple system
   will help keep them organized all year!
   Organization does not happen by itself.  Your students can be
   organized, but you have to teach them.
   I can’t tell you how many times my lessons and class activities have
   been delayed or interrupted because a student can’t find the paper,
   scissors, glue stick,  or other supply he or she needs.
   Organization may take a little extra time , but it will save so much
   time and so many headaches later.
   The first organization I teach my students is how everything should be
   stored in their desks.  I’m a real stickler and require that everyone
   follow the same desk arrangement.
   I have a specific way student binders, softbound workbooks, spiral
   notebooks, hardbound books, free-reading books, and a pencil box are
   placed in the desk.
   One key is to keep the softbound workbooks and the hardbound books
   separate.  Those soft workbook covers will quickly be destroyed when
   heavier hardbound books are slid on top.
   The binder has to go on the right because of the slant.  You want
   everything that's put on top to slide to the side of the desk and not
   to the middle of the desk.  On top of the binder, students put all of
   their soft bound workbooks and spiral notebooks. If they have a
   paperback-free reading book, it goes on this stack, too.
   On the left side, students stack any hardbound books.  Their pencil box
   goes on top.
   Students need to be taught how to be organized. The first step is to
   show them how to store materials in their desks. This simple system
   will help keep them organized all year!
   With this arrangement there is less of a chance that books will be
   damaged when they are taken out or put back into the desks.
   Tips:
   -Give your students time, once a week, to empty, clean and reorganize
   their desks.  This will cut down on the papers and trash that gets
   shoved to the back of the desk throughout the week.
   -Let students keep two pencils and an eraser in the small pencil tray
   in the desk opening.  All other supplies should be in the pencil box.
   -Only keep the textbooks they use every day in their desks.  Store
   other textbooks on a shelf and work out a system for handing them out
   and collecting them for your lessons.
   -If a box of crayons is too large to fit in the pencil box, it will
   probably fit between the two stacks of books.
   -A book baggie to hold paperback books from your class library will
   help protect these smaller books.
     Keeping small, paperback library books in a plastic bag helps protect
   them as they go from desk to backpack.
   -Give students enough transition time to put things away where they
   belong. When you're in a rush it's hard to stay organized.
   -Praise students who have neat and organized desks.  You may want to
   give random notes of encouragement when you see a well-organized desk.
   My room has a Gnome Patrol.  The patrol is usually me, but sometimes I
   assign students to be the Gnome Patrol for the week.  At random times,
   without an announcement, the Gnome Patrol will leave a card in an
   organized desk.  Students love finding this little card in their
   desk.
   Kids love it when the Gnome Patrol finds their desk neat and organized!
   It's a fun incentive for kids to keep their desks organized.
   The Gnome Patrol cards are included in my SPARKLE Positive  Behavior
   Toolbox.  Click here to check it out.
   What tips do you have for keeping student desks organized?

   your photo name

   Posted by Debbie Crockett at 11:08:00 AM
   Share

  Homework, Yay or Nay?

   Featured, homework Wednesday, August 21, 2019

   [homework%2Bfacebook%2B1.png]
   Homework has been a tradition in our schools for decades.  But, is it a
   tradition that needs to be retired?  At the very least it's time to
   evaluate your homework policies.
   Research shows homework is not all bad, nor is it all good.  Like
   everything else there are pros and cons.
   Pros:
   -Homework gives students time to practice the academic skills they need
   to master.
   -It gives parents a way to be involved in their child’s education.
   -Having a homework routine helps students learn time management.
   -Homework can encourage self-discipline and independent problem-solving
   skills.
   Cons:
   -Homework can lead to a negative attitude toward school.
   -Homework cuts down on the time kids have to be active and play.
   -Homework is often busy work the student really doesn’t need.
   -Not all homes are created equal.  Completing school assignments at
   home can be a burden for some kids.
   What most studies have found is that homework can be beneficial, but
   teachers need to make sure to minimize the negative effects of
   homework.
   Homework can be an valuable part of a child's education.  The cons
   don't necessarily outweigh the pros.  But, before you implement a new
   homework program these are some of the questions you need to ask
   myself. (Not listed in any particular order.)
   1.  Will this assignment help my students grow academically?
   2.  Is the assignment at the student's independent learning level?
   3.   How long will it take the average student in my class to complete
   the homework assignment?
   4.  How can the assignment be modified to meet the varied needs of my
   students?
   5.  How will I manage the homework system I put in place?
   One way to think outside of the "homework box" is to give kids more
   choices.  Too often one assignment is not the best for all students.
   Giving kids a choice may also avoid the negative attitudes toward
   mandatory homework.
   Choice boards are used with literacy studies, learning centers and for
   research projects.  Why not use a choice board for homework?
   I've put together a homework choice board  that can be edited to meet
   the needs of your students.  This is an editable PowerPoint file.  When
   you click on this link it will open in your browser.  It is not
   editable in your browser!  You'll need to download and save it first.
   Then open it in PowerPoint.  You may also need to click on Enable
   Editing in PowerPoint.
   Give your kids a choice for their homework. These editable choice
   boards are the perfect way to differentiate your homework assignments.
   I hope you find these editable choice boards helpful in setting your
   homework system this year.  I'd love to hear how you use them.  Share
   your pictures on instagram and tag me (crockettsclassroom) so I can
   see, too.

   your photo name

   Posted by Debbie Crockett at 9:13:00 AM
   Share

  Light up Your Room with a Lightbox

   classroom diy, Featured Thursday, June 27, 2019

   [lightbox%2Binserts.png]
   Light boxes are a fun way to make a statement in your classroom. You
   can put up an inspirational quote, make class announcements or use as a
   sign for a special area of your room.
   I started my lightbox collection with a tiny light box I found in the
   Target Dollar Spot.  It was only $3.00 and is a fun way to add a little
   spot of brightness to a small space.  Then I purchased a mini lightbox
   from Michael's Craft Store.  It's made by Heidi Swapp.
   With these two lightboxes I needed to find a cheap way to add my own
   sayings.  I could use a purchased set of letters, but sliding in all of
   those individual letters sounded like too much work.  Plus, I like
   using lots of different fonts and colors.
   So, in just a couple of minutes I created a template in PowerPoint.
   Now I can create any saying, in any font, in any color.  I can also add
   graphics to make them extra cute!
   [lightbox%2Binserts%2B2.png]
   You can download this simple template here.  The template is for a
   mini-lightbox (6.5 X 6.5)  Complete directions are included.  You'll
   also get the You are Awesome! inserts like you see in the picture
   above.  Once you click on the download you will need to save the
   PowerPoint file to your own device.  In order to edit the file you need
   to open PowerPoint on your computer and then open the file from there.
   I have set the file to download as a "view only", but you will be able
   to edit it when it is in PowerPoint.  You do not need to request
   permission to edit.
   Have fun!

   your photo name

   Posted by Debbie Crockett at 10:31:00 AM
   Share

  Easy, Inexpensive, and Efficient Ways to Organize Literacy Centers

   Featured, literacy block, literature centers, organize Thursday, June
   13, 2019

   Organization is key to running efficient literacy centers. Find out how
   to get your literacy centers organized quickly and easily.
   Organization is key to running a smooth and successful literacy block.
   When your materials are organized and students know how to maintain the
   organization you have time to focus on your lessons.
   First you need to think about your space.  What type of storage area do
   you have?  Do you have
     * counter top space
     * shelves
     *  cabinets
     * none of the above

   I've been in classrooms with amazing cabinets and counter top space.
   And then, other classrooms with only a few open shelves.  (Don't you
   wish they would hire a teacher to help design classrooms!!)  If you
   don't have adequate storage space you may want to add furniture to your
   classroom.  Since most schools don't have the budget to buy more
   furniture, you may need to go shopping for yourself.  Second-hand
   stores, like Goodwill,  are the first place I look.  You'll be amazed
   at what you can find that just needs a little bit of cleaning or a coat
   of paint.   Garage sales can also turn up great treasures, but it can
   be time consuming driving from sale to sale.
   Next, what will hold the materials for each center?  Tubs, bins, file
   drawers, or a cart are great for organizing the specific materials for
   your centers.  The books, papers, pencils, crayons, game pieces, etc.
   for each center should be kept together in one container.  It’s also
   easier if the center containers can be removed from the storage area
   and taken to a work space.
   Tubs or bins work well if you have a cabinet or shelf storage area.
   Tubs and bins can also be kept on a counter top.  When choosing this
   type of storage look for a set at least 10” by 12” so they will hold
   regular sheets of paper.  You also want it deep enough to hold the
   other materials needed for the center (pencils, scissors, glue,
   crayons, etc.) Check out the lid for the bin.  Make sure it closes
   securely and is easy to get off and on.  Another important feature is
   their ability to be stacked.  Many have lids that are designed to be
   easily stacked without sliding off of each other.
   Easy and efficient ways to organize your literacy centers without
   breaking the bank!
   If you like keeping organized, you'll love these ideas for easy,
   inexpensive and efficient ways to organize your literacy centers.
   The bins in these photos are by Sterilite.  They're 11" by 14" and
   2.75" deep.   I like the way the lid clamps on.  Being see-through is a
   plus because I can see what's inside without taking off the lid.  And,
   the lid is designed for super easy stacking.
   Drawer Sets are an easy and inexpensive way to store your centers.
   These drawers are 9" by 12" and can be removed so students can take
   them to their work space.  That's large enough for regular size paper
   and a few supplies.  They do not have a lid, so kids have to be careful
   when moving from place to place.  Two sets can be stacked on top or
   beside each other.
   If you like keeping organized, you'll love these ideas for easy,
   inexpensive and efficient ways to organize your literacy centers.
   File drawers are a convenient option because most classrooms have a
   file cabinet.  You can use file pockets to hold the paper materials for
   the center and a separate box for the other materials.  The file
   pockets aren't as durable, but they're easy for students to take out
   and then return.
   Carts with drawers are great if you have limited storage space in your
   classroom.   Wheeled carts work well because they can be brought into a
   work space during center time and then put away later.  Look for a cart
   that is sturdy and not wobbly when wheeled around.  You can usually
   find these carts at craft and hobby stores.  Keep your eyes open for
   back-to-school sales or their coupons.  I recently found these two at
   Michael's Craft store.
   If you like keeping organized, you'll love these ideas for easy,
   inexpensive and efficient ways to organize your literacy centers.
   The cart on the left has 10 drawers with a light metal frame.  The cart
   on the left has eight drawers and is a little more expensive. The
   drawers are larger and the cart much more sturdy.
   Materials caddies or boxes can ensure that students have everything
   they need at their work space.  These little boxes can be filled with
   crayons, pencils, scissors, and glue sticks.  Including a picture of
   the organized box will help students know how to repack the box.
   Keep everything organized with these easy and efficient ideas for your
   literature centers.
   Labels are a must!  You should label the bin or box with the name of
   the center.  Make sure the lettering is easy to read.  If possible,
   color coding the label and the materials inside helps kids know which
   materials go into each container.  A materials list will also help the
   students know if they've returned everything when they're cleaning up.
   A picture of how the contents should look will help if there are lots
   of materials and they fit in a certain way.  All of this helps students
   know the high expectation you have for taking care of the materials.
   To help you get started with your labels, you can download this free
   set of editable labels to use on your containers.  I designed them to
   be printed on whole-sheet (8.5 X 11) shipping labels.  This way you
   won’t get frustrated when the label design doesn’t fit exactly on the
   label.  You do have to cut them out yourself, but I’d rather do that
   than throw out a whole page because it didn’t feed through my printer
   perfectly. Plus I can make the labels any size I want and not the ones
   predetermined by the label companies.
   Editable labels to keep your literacy centers organized
   You can download this free set of editable labels to begin organizing
   your literacy centers.  Click on the picture above to download the
   PowerPoint file.
   Important:  You must download and then save the PowerPoint file to your
   computer or device before you edit.  Once you've downloaded and saved
   the file, start your PowerPoint program and open the label file from
   there to begin editing.
   Happy organizing!
   Organization is key to running efficient literacy centers. Find out how
   to get your literacy centers organized quickly and easily.

   your photo name

   Posted by Debbie Crockett at 9:07:00 AM
   Share

  Character Trait: Searching for the Evidence

   Featured, literature centers, Reading Sunday, September 30, 2018

   [girl%2Bmath%2Bmind%2Bblog.png]
   What an inspiring character!  A young girl shows you should never give
   up on your dream.  Although there were many roadblocks in her path,
   with determination, she found her way around everyone to finally
   achieve her goal.  What a great lesson for all of us.   And . . . a
   fantastic book to share with our students as they learn about the
   characters.
   Character Traits: Finding Evidence, using the book The Girl With a Mind
   for Math, students choose a character trait and then search for
   evidence from the text. You can download this free activity from my TpT
   store.
   The Girl with a Mind for Math  tells the story of Raye Montague.  Early
   in her life, her grandfather takes her to see a submarine.  She quickly
   decides an engineer is what she wants to be when she grows up.  This
   isn’t an easy thing for a young black girl in the south.   The author,
   Julia Finley Mosca, uses narrative verse to share the life story of
   this incredible lady.   The illustrations, by Daniel Rieley, are unique
   and very eye-catching.
                           Character Traits: Finding Evidence, using the
   book The Girl With a Mind for Math, students choose a character trait
   and then search for evidence from the text. You can download this free
   activity from my TpT store.
   When I first read it to myself. I was struck by Raye's determination.
   She starts with a dream and never gives up, no matter how many people
   tell her she can’t.  A Girl With a Mind for Math is the perfect book
   for helping students learn about character traits and how to find
   supporting evidence for those traits.  I created a character trait
   activity to go along with this book.  The activity can be used with
   your whole class during a read-aloud time or set up in a literacy
   center.   Click on the image below to be taken to this free product in
   my TpT store.
   Instagram Give Away
   Disclaimer:  I was given a free copy of this book for this review.

   your photo name

   Posted by Debbie Crockett at 10:44:00 AM
   Share

  High Expectations are NOT Enough

   Featured, literacy block, literature centers, Reading Thursday, August
   16, 2018

   How do you hold your kids accountable for their work and behavior
   during literacy centers? Setting high expectations is not enough. Find
   out how you can improve student accountability with these 5 ideas.
         Picture this:  You have your centers set up and your small group
   lessons are planned.  The kids are working on their reading and
   literacy center tasks.  You're focused on your small groups.  You give
   yourself a pat on the back because everything is running so smoothly!
   At the end of the week, you collect their literacy folders, which hold
   all their written work for the week, and their learning journals.  When
   you sit down to go through the folders and journals you notice the
   written work is uh . . . let’s say, not up to the quality you expect.
   You wonder, “What were they doing all week?!”
   Even if you’ve taught the routines and your literacy block runs
   smoothly unless you have high expectations and a way to keep kids
   accountable, what’s the point? That’s when center and reading tasks
   turn into busy work, and nobody has time for that.
   I have a few ideas for ways to hold students accountable for the high
   expectations you set.  I firmly believe that expectations are pointless
   without the accountability.  I’ve divided the tips or suggestions
   between the three reading tasks and three center tasks that I use
   during my literacy block.  Every classroom is different, so feel free
   to take, use, or modify any of them to implement in your classroom.
   One other note,  I've never found anything that works every year with
   every class.  Each group of students is different.  The accountability
   checks I did one year might not work the following year. As with
   everything else, teaching is about making adjustments for the students’
   needs.
   My goal was always to foster independence and a habit of doing their
   best on every task.  Once the expectations and accountability checks
   were established, I was able to focus more on the content of their
   work.
   1.  Journal Response
   One of the most difficult literacy tasks to check is independent
   reading.  How do you know if they are really reading?  One way is to
   have students write a short journal entry.  The entries can be a short
   summary of what they read, a topic chosen from a list, or focus on a
   specific skill.   For example:  Write about the characters and how
   their words or actions affected the plot.  You need to do a lot of
   modeling of the exact format you expect for the journal entry.
   Here's a free set of reading response stems you can use in your
   classroom.
   Reading Response Stems are one way I hold my students accountable
   during their literacy centers.
   2.  Accelerated Reader (AR) Quiz
   I like this program for one reason -- it held my students accountable
   for their independent reading. It is NOT a great way to check a higher
   level thinking skills, but it is a good way to quickly and easily know
   if a student has read a book.  I talked to each student at the
   beginning of every quarter to set goals. The reports made it easy for
   us to check progress.
   3.  Buddy Check-in
   In a couple of my centers, students read with a partner.  Part of the
   expectation is that they keep each other on task.  I choose the
   students for each partnership carefully so I can set them up for
   success.   In my fluency center, the students write a comment or two
   about their partner's reading and this serves as the check.  If there
   is a problem in the partnership, students can talk to me about the
   issue and I can help them work on a solution.  Buddy Check-in is also a
   way to recognize students who are focused, polite or helpful buddies.
   How do you hold your kids accountable for their work and behavior
   during literacy centers? Setting high expectations is not enough. Find
   out how you can improve student accountability with these 5 ideas.
   4.  Discussion Monitor
   One of my reading centers has groups of 2-4 students reading an
   assigned text.   As they read, they stop and chat about the text.  The
   discussion is focused on a reading skill we've been working on in our
   whole-class lessons.  Each student has a thinkmark with reminders about
   the skill.  It helps them stay focused on the purpose of the
   discussions.  One student can be assigned the discussion monitor for
   the day or for the week.  The monitor makes sure the readers stay on
   topic and prompt students to give complete and thoughtful comments.  At
   the end of the daily discussion, the monitor fills out a simple
   rubric/checklist about the group members' participation.
   5. Switch and Check
   One of my favorite ways to hold students accountable for centers with a
   written task was to assign them a checking partner.  When both students
   finish the task they switch papers and use an answer key to check the
   work. This worked well for written center work because I rarely took
   grades on this work.
   6.  Star Student
   I've seen this idea used in different class situations.  I like to use
   it during literacy block because it's an easy way to give recognition
   to students who are doing what they're supposed to be doing. Sometimes
   I was looking for a student who had over-all good behavior during our
   literacy block.  But sometimes we had a focused behavior for the day or
   week.  During literacy block I make a mental note of students who are
   on task, working quietly, keeping their area neat and organized,
   helping others, etc.  At the end of the block, I would choose one
   student to recognize as the Star Student for the day.  I would write
   the student's name on a small display at the front of the room.
   Sometimes I would put the name in a jar for a drawing at the end of the
   month.
   Click on the image to download this Star Student sign you can use in
   your classroom!
   How do you hold your kids accountable for their work and behavior
   during literacy centers? Setting high expectations is not enough. Find
   out how you can improve student accountability with these 5 ideas.

   your photo name

   Posted by Debbie Crockett at 1:38:00 PM
   Share

   Older Posts

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Keep in Touch

     * Email
     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * TPT

Email Sign up

Search

   ____________________

Crockett's Classroom on TpT

Labels

     * activity
     * assessment
     * autumn
     * back to school
     * beginning of school
     * behavior
     * centers
     * Christmas
     * classroom diy
     * craft
     * display
     * end of year
     * Featured
     * first week
     * football
     * free download
     * free sample
     * game
     * goals
     * holidays
     * homework
     * informational text
     * literacy block
     * literature centers
     * making words
     * math
     * objectives
     * organize
     * organized binder
     * Patricia Polacco
     * planner
     * positive behavior
     * project
     * Read-Aloud
     * Reading
     * science
     * sentences
     * snacks
     * Snow
     * snowman
     * social studies
     * Sparkle
     * spelling
     * spring
     * start of school year
     * student learning journals
     * student reflections
     * task cards
     * teacher binder
     * thinkmarks
     * Valentine's Day
     * Vocabulary
     * winter
     * writing

Popular Posts

     * The Best Classroom Pet Ever!
       Have you thought about having a class pet, but don’t want to add
       one more thing to take care of in your classroom?  Well, I have the
       ...
     * 5 Ways to Get More from your Read Aloud Time
       I know your reading instruction time is getting squeezed. You’re
       expected to meet with more groups that meet the specific nee...
     * Books are a Treasure
         “I mean we USE books all the time. They’re all over town, but . .
       .” “Use them? You mean READ them don’t you?” she aske...
     * Establishing a differentiated, responsive classroom
       I've been reading the book, Mindsets in the Classroom  by Mary Cay
       Ricci,  and just finished chapter 3.  It was a real eye-opener...
     * Fifth Grade Literacy Centers, Free Sample!
       Calling all 5th grade teachers!  I've just finished my first set of
       literacy centers written specifically for 5th grade.  I know i...
     * KISS your Literacy Block Time!
            If you're like me you've tried a lot of different schedules
       for your literacy block time.  And no matter what you try...
     * Objectives displays
       Monday Made it! July 28, 2014 My very first Monday Made it, soooo
       excited to join this fun linky . I’ve been collaborati...
     * Fraction Circle Fun
       This is a great way to give kids experience with fraction pieces
       and end up with an adorable piece of art.   The idea for the fr...
     * First Day Tried and True
          There's no excitement like the The-first-day-of-school
       excitement!  I don't care how many years you teach that very first
       day...

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2019 (5)
          + ▼  September (1)
               o Why You Should be Using Student Binders
          + ►  August (2)
          + ►  June (2)

     * ►  2018 (10)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  August (1)
          + ►  July (3)
          + ►  June (3)
          + ►  May (1)
          + ►  March (1)

     * ►  2017 (11)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  August (2)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  May (3)
          + ►  April (1)
          + ►  March (1)
          + ►  January (2)

     * ►  2016 (17)
          + ►  December (1)
          + ►  September (2)
          + ►  August (2)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  June (2)
          + ►  May (3)
          + ►  March (4)
          + ►  February (1)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2015 (29)
          + ►  December (3)
          + ►  November (2)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  August (4)
          + ►  July (5)
          + ►  June (4)
          + ►  May (1)
          + ►  April (2)
          + ►  March (2)
          + ►  February (3)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2014 (35)
          + ►  December (1)
          + ►  November (1)
          + ►  October (4)
          + ►  September (2)
          + ►  August (4)
          + ►  July (4)
          + ►  June (4)
          + ►  May (4)
          + ►  April (2)
          + ►  March (3)
          + ►  February (2)
          + ►  January (4)

     * ►  2013 (15)
          + ►  December (9)
          + ►  November (5)
          + ►  October (1)

StatCounter

   counter to blogger

Contact Information

   Debbie Crockett
   crockettsclassroomaz@gmail.com

Crockett's Classroom Instagram

Arizona Blogger

   Arizona Blogger

Etsy

   © 2015 Crockett's Classroom. Felicity Template Customized by A Bird in
   Hand Designs Some graphics by Trina Walker All rights reserved.

   Back to Top
