   #World Tourism » Feed World Tourism » Comments Feed

World Tourism

   California
   Florida
   Illinois
   New York
   Texas
   [INS: :INS]

Travel destinations getting ready for fall foliage tourism

   September 29, 2015

   Autumn leaves As summer transitions into fall in the U.S. and Canada,
   tree-lined destinations are preparing for the annual surge of visitors
   that come to watch the leaves turn. Areas that were formerly a
   nondescript and uniform green temporarily transition into brilliant
   hues running the spectrum from bright yellow to deep red for several
   weeks. [Read more…]

Labor Day weekend travel set to break records

   August 25, 2015

   Traffic If you’re looking to travel this Labor Day weekend (and let’s
   be honest, who isn’t?), you may be in for a surprise when you hit
   airport security and baggage check lines. According to industry
   analysts, an expected 2 million passengers per day will fly between
   Wednesday September 2nd and Tuesday September 8th. If you traveled last
   year around the same time, experts say to expect even heavier traffic
   this year. Apparently, travel this year will see a 3% increase over the
   same time last year, which means about an extra 60,000 passengers per
   day using airline services. [Read more…]

DOJ is investigating potential collusion on flight capacity

   July 9, 2015

   Airplane Seat Anyone who has made travel plans for this summer can
   probably tell you that airline ticket prices have been sky high.
   Specifically for flights originating with American carriers, these
   constant price hikes (and lack of troughs in their trends) have caught
   the interest of the Department of Justice, who are investigating some
   hefty investigations against a number of US airlines. [Read more…]

Busiest ever travel season expected this summer

   May 19, 2015

   Airplanes You might have grand plans for summer 2015, heading across
   the world, embarking on a new adventure, or tackling a project you’ve
   never quite gotten around to, but airlines are looking to make
   something out of the upcoming sunny season for themselves as well.
   Summer is always the peak time for air travel, and prices often jump to
   reflect this. This summer, however, airlines expect something a bit
   bigger – the busiest air travel season in the history of US air travel.
   [Read more…]

China curbs travel to Hong Kong for its citizens

   April 15, 2015

   Chart Down China and Hong Kong have a long, complex history.  Hong
   Kong, which used to be under British control, has long been slightly
   different from its mainland counterpart, and recent travel surges in
   which Chinese tourists have clashed with locals have led to decisive
   action being taken. [Read more…]

     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * …
     * 7
     * Next Page»

   [INS: :INS]

Connect

     * Facebook
     * Twitter

About

   We focus on pretty much any topic that is related to travel or tourism.
   Airfare, top destinations, lodging, food, entertainment, nightlife,
   attractions, local culture, customs, money, etc. We cover it all. If it
   has anything to do with tourism (or anything else that interests us),
   it’s fair game. More...

Contact

   Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions or feedback
   you want to share with us. We look forward to hearing from you! We can
   be reached via email at the following address:
   [contact.jpg]

   World Tourism · About · Contact
   We do not support a feed. Please visit our site at World Tourism.


   #World Tourism » Feed World Tourism » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   World Tourism
   California
   Florida
   Illinois
   New York
   Texas
   [INS: :INS]

AAA guide for Memorial Day weekend travel

   May 23, 2014

   Relax According to AAA, more than 36 million Americans will pack their
   bags and set out on a weekend getaway, family visit, or long-awaited
   vacation this holiday weekend. Some will travel by plane and some by
   car, but, according to AAA, most everyone will feel a slight budgetary
   squeeze over last year’s travel pricing. Recently, the organization put
   out a guide that informs travelers of travel price increases over the
   last year, and then handed some nifty references over to them to help
   them plan their time on the road or in the sky. Here’s a breakdown of
   some of the information released.

   General

   Compared to last year’s Memorial Day weekend, general travel numbers
   are up. Experts say that the number of people going somewhere for the
   three day weekend will reach “a new post-recession high.” To be
   specific, the amount of people on the road for 2014 is expected to be a
   full 2.6% higher than the 10 year average over the last decade.
   According to a district AAA vice-president, a steady upturn in the
   economy over the last couple of years has increased disposable income
   for many Americans, a spending margin that the travel industry directly
   relies on and benefits from.

   Traveling by Car

   AAA says that more than eight in ten people traveling this weekend will
   be doing so by car, making gas prices and traffic major factors in
   holiday plans. Luckily, gas prices aren’t expected to jump too harshly
   from last year. With inflation, in fact, they are staying practically
   the same. This is reportedly due to rising supplies which lower prices,
   or at least keep them from increasing. Of course, unexpected incidents,
   such as troubles at a refinery or other events occurring in oil
   producing countries could lead to increased prices. While technically
   deemed “unexpected,” such events have been known to occur with
   increasing frequency during higher travel volume months or time spans.

   Traveling by Plane

   The number of travelers taking to the air will also increase (+2.5%),
   though no by as much as their prices; the ticket costs for airfare are
   up about 6% from last year, making them one of the bigger jumps in
   pricing this holiday. As always, increased volume leads to longer lines
   and longer wait times for security, baggage check, and boarding, so
   travelers are advised to add an hour or two to the amount of time they
   usually arrive early to the airport.

   Other Modes of Travel

   Surprisingly, one of the biggest increases in travel numbers comes from
   those taking buses, trains, and other alternate modes of
   transportation, at about 6.5%. While things in many sectors have been
   looking up, this increase may be a nod to the still-hurt purchasing
   power of many households, who are opting for cheaper, alternate ways of
   getting from point A to point B this weekend.

   AAA, along with other industry organizations, are also working to offer
   free travel guides and tips to travelers through their websites. This
   year, you can also look for apps and ebooks reiterating the information
   in new channels.

   [INS: :INS]

Connect

     * Facebook
     * Twitter

About

   We focus on pretty much any topic that is related to travel or tourism.
   Airfare, top destinations, lodging, food, entertainment, nightlife,
   attractions, local culture, customs, money, etc. We cover it all. If it
   has anything to do with tourism (or anything else that interests us),
   it’s fair game. More...

Contact

   Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions or feedback
   you want to share with us. We look forward to hearing from you! We can
   be reached via email at the following address:
   [contact.jpg]

   World Tourism · About · Contact
