   #Joel Robison Photography » Feed Joel Robison Photography » Comments
   Feed Joel Robison Photography WordPress.com

Joel Robison Photography

   Skip to content
   (BUTTON) Main menu
     * About Me/Contact Information
     * Prints and Pricing
     * Press/Interviews

Post navigation

   ← Older posts

It’s A Big But Small World

   Posted by Joel

   7

   For the last 7 months I’ve been travelling, never spending more than a
   few days in one place. Last July I started in Oregon and drove with
   my two best friends across the United States  teaching workshops before
   beginning my job as the main photographer for the 2014 FIFA World Cup
   Trophy Tour, visiting more than 80 countries before the FIFA World Cup.
   As of today it’s been 195 days travelling and 68 countries.

   Going to all these places!


   It’s been a humbling experience, visiting all corners of the earth in
   just a few months. I’ve found myself walking through the poorest
   neighborhoods in the world, seeing the poverty that so often only gets
   seen through a computer or television screen. Often in the same day I’m
   taking photos of presidents, sports figures and important people from
   the country we are in. It’s a strange line to walk along, seeing and
   being a part of two very different worlds that not many people
   experience. For the first time I was left being the only
   English-speaking person in a room, the only Caucasian, the only person
   wearing shoes or with access to clean drinking water.  And it was
   powerful and life changing. These times of being a minority have
   humbled me, changed the way that I feel about myself and about the
   world around me. It’s inspired me to keep giving back and to keep
   making sure that I feel these places, not just see them. I feel that
   the short conversations, the high fives, the hugs and the smiles that
   I’ve shared with people from countries I never thought I would set foot
   in have built me up like a puzzle. Each of those faces and voices,
   matching together to put build who I am now.  I didn’t know when I
   started this trip, that I was missing all these little pieces in my
   heart, in my mind but now after reflecting on all of these moments, I
   see that they’ve helped me feel more complete.


   Vietnam
   Vietnam
   Myanmar
   Myanmar
   India
   India
   Bolivia
   Bolivia
   Paraguay
   Paraguay
   Chile
   Chile


   Some of my favourite memories of the last few months have been those
   quick moments, kneeling in the dirt to show some kids how my camera
   works, watching a couple share a kiss in the setting sun, seeing
   families spending time together and watching people share their love
   of football through dance, laughter and tears. From living in a small
   town tucked away to being in the biggest cities on earth, life has
   changed. Every day while travelling I try to find a quiet place to give
   thanks that I’m breathing the air that I am. That my feet are touching
   the ground that I’m on. I’ve done this ritual as we flew next to
   Mt.Everest, I gave thanks as I gripped the railing of a stadium that
   fits more people than my town, while I walked barefoot through a Grand
   Mosque and ran my hands along one of the Great Pyramids.  I had tears
   while I prayed next to the tomb of Mother Teresa and silently smiled as
   I watched Buddhist monks meditate in Myanmar. I like to think that if I
   take a deep enough breath of the air in these places that it will stay
   inside me, that it will help me feel connected to these places for the
   rest of my life, maybe it will lead me back to them.

   Grand Mosque, United Arab Emirates
   Grand Mosque, United Arab Emirates
   Andes
   Andes

   Myanmar
   Myanmar

   Looking over Bogota, Colombia
   Looking over Bogota, Colombia

   Victoria Memorial, India

   Victoria Memorial, India

   The Great Pyramids, Egypt

   The Great Pyramids, Egypt

   Catching pigeons in Ecuador
   Catching pigeons in Ecuador

   Buddhist Temple in Bhutan
   Buddhist Temple in Bhutan

   Dubai

   Dubai

   Train riding in Bangladesh
   Train riding in Bangladesh

   Mount Everest
   Mount Everest


   One of the elements of this trip and of my life in the last few years
   that I never expected was to be able to meet so many fellow artists and
   photographers. Throughout the last year especially, being able to spend
   a day or a few hours with another photographer has shown me how small
   the world can be. It’s incredible to me to see how art and photography
   can truly connect people from all corners of the earth.

   In Egypt, Bangladesh, Malaysia and Ecuador I found people who
   recognized me from my work. I say this not to sound high on myself but
   because it was the first time in my own life that I realized that the
   work I’m creating actually does exist outside of my own head. That
   people see my photos, they like them and they remember them. Never in
   my life would I ever have thought that someone would like my art enough
   to remember me and want to actually travel to say hello.

   In the last few weeks I was lucky enough to be able to meet with some
   long time photographer friends who I have admired for quite a while.
   The thing that I love about meeting other photographers, especially
   ones who a part of the small but growing ‘conceptual’ community, is
   that it never feels strange. Meeting Adam Hauge, Anh Minh, Diego
   Chavarro, Tasha Faye, Alyssa Amaro, Mikael Aldo, Daniel Adams,
   Reem Eissa, Sammy Tagir and more never felt weird even though we’d
   never met before. To me it’s like seeing a friend again after a few
   months apart. There’s a common thread that runs inside artists and I
   think that the thread keeps us connected to the same feelings. Being
   able to look out over Bogotá, wander through Kuala Lumpur or buzz
   around the streets of Hanoi showed me how big the world is, but how
   small it can be at the same time. That those moments were created
   because of how connected people have become through the internet,
   through photography and through these wires both physical and
   invisible.

   This slideshow requires JavaScript.

   It’s amazing to me to think that my life has changed entirely because
   of the internet, because of how small the world can be. This job,
   travelling the world came from me sharing photos online and having the
   right person see it. We live in an age where there is SO much content
   and so much happening all the time online but we can use this
   opportunity to help create new paths for ourselves.  When I first
   picked up a camera 5 years ago I never imagined I would be doing any of
   the things that I’m doing now and I recognize that it’s this “big –
   small world” idea that has helped me get there.

   My friends and closest people in my life have come from the same thing,
   sharing myself and becoming connected through the small world that we
   share. Coming from a place a few years ago where I felt isolated,
   friendless and without a direction, I can say that I’m blessed to be
   able to be a puzzle piece in this big, small world. The community that
   exists within the photography community is shifting from one of
   competition and criticism to one of support, friendship and admiration.
   I think that one of the most powerful and selfless things that a person
   can do is support someone else who is reaching for the same goals they
   are and that’s what I see amongst the photographers that I follow and
   admire. I read a quote once that said “Someone else’s success is not
   your failure” and I believe that. In this big small world, there are
   opportunities for us all. We all have a vision, something that makes us
   unique and that will lead us all down different paths that are just
   that, different and not better or worse.

   So with that, I’d like to thank YOU for being a part of this big and
   small world. For looking at,  enjoying , commenting and appreciating my
   work and what I do and for helping me find the path that I’ve found.

   Worldly Balance

   Posted in travel

   Tagged 2014 FIFA World Cup Trophy Tour, Coca-Cola, fifa, flickr,
   friends, travel

   Feb·18

                             Tales From The Road #3

   Posted by Joel

   2

   The last few months have quite literally flown by. I had intended on
   staying on top of writing and sharing my experiences with the Trophy
   Tour on this blog as frequently as possible but time really slipped
   away. I now find myself in Qatar, awake from jet lag and a mind full of
   anticipation for the next two months on the road and some much-needed
   time to catch up on the past few weeks of life.


   It goes without saying that this job is intense and filled with a
   variety of emotions and feelings ranging from ecstatic to lonely to
   humbled and inspired. The last few legs of the tour were truly for me,
   a mixture of so many of those emotions and many more as well. My life,
   my inner voice and heart all changed during those few weeks and I’m so
   fortunate that I was able to see and feel all that I did.

   Haiti, for me, was a life changer. I flew into Port Au Prince from
   Ottawa after getting some paperwork/visa stuff sorted and I was totally
   unprepared for the overwhelming emotion and energy that Haiti had.
   Right from the airport there was so much noise and so many people,
   grabbing at my clothes and trying to offer me things to buy. I was
   escorted to waiting car that didn’t look too official but I got in and
   we drove to the city. I didn’t expect to cry on that first day there
   but as we swerved through thousands of cars and around piles of rubble
   and crushed homes still present from the earthquake in 2010, it hit me.
   I remember the sun, starting to set had set an orange glow to the
   streets and in one moment that seemed to slow right down I saw a boy
   and a girl, about 5 years old sitting on top of a pile of garbage and I
   couldn’t hold it in. Crying because it was overwhelming, because there
   wasn’t much I could and because I felt totally uncomfortable knowing I
   have so much in my life while others have absolutely nothing.

     1382804_10153330896445618_1597830373_n


   The stay in Haiti was punctuated with moments of shared joy and moments
   of sadness. For every smile I saw and photographed there was a far away
   look in someone’s eyes, that told me that there was so much hurt still
   left. I focussed a lot of my attention on the kids that surrounded our
   event, trying to make them laugh and taking their photos. During one
   morning when we invited a few hundred orphans to see the FIFA World Cup
   trophy, I met a young boy that, to this day, still lingers in my mind.
   He followed me the whole morning, holding on to my elbow and asking me
   a lot of questions. I let him take photos of his friends with my camera
   and he laughed and smiled each time I took the camera back. Then, out
   of nowhere he asked me to kneel down so he could tell me something and
   in the clearest voice he said “I have no brothers, no sisters. I have
   no mother and no father. It’s sad, very sad.” I could see him looking
   to me to say something, to acknowledge this sadness and this hurt and
   all I could say was “it is sad, but I know that there is a lot of love
   for you in the world, people love you and I hope you know that”. For
   days, this conversation replayed in my mind and combined with so many
   other sights and sounds of our stay in Haiti, helped me to realize that
   I have a blessed life with a lot to be thankful for, and I also have
   the opportunity to give back and help much more than I do. I made a
   promise to myself, and in some ways, to this boy to give back as much
   as I can and to make the world a better place. I’ve been much more
   aware of being more appreciative and compassionate and positive and I’m
   hoping that I can keep trying to give back throughout this tour and
   beyond.

   IMG_1715

   DSC04135

   After Haiti we spent a few more weeks travelling through the Caribbean
   visiting places like Guyana, Grenada, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago,
   Aruba, Curacao, Nicaragua and El Salvador. In each of the these places
   there were moments, times when I had the chance to meet someone and
   talk to them that I felt truly connected to the world. There are so
   many people who are so willing and open to share moments of their lives
   with me and I always find myself caught by surprise how much they will
   share when asked. This tour truly is a happiness sharing tour. There is
   nothing quite like seeing people of all ages, races, abilities, and
   economic backgrounds laughing and smiling and sharing the same
   experience. I constantly feel so lucky to be able to see so many smiles
   every day.

   DSC09225

   The next leg, and my last few stops before taking a break, were also
   huge moments in this tour and for me personally. The tour made history
   in November after visiting Israel and Palestine in the same day. We
   arrived in Israel and there was immediately an air of kindness and
   positivity in the airport. After giving a team of boys some key chains,
   their coach gave me what is one of my favourite keepsakes from the trip
   so far, a fair play card which is given to players who promote
   kindness, compassion and fair play during the game.

   card ‘ DSC09578

   After a short half day stay in Tel Aviv, we continued on to Palestine
   and even though the air was full of nervousness and anxiety, the drive
   went well and we quickly made our way through the secured wall
   separating the two. It was a surreal and tense afternoon driving
   through the border, history making for Coca-Cola and certainly
   something that not many do in their lifetime. Our few days in Palestine
   were eye-opening, not quite as immediately overwhelming as Haiti but
   still in the sense that it was a totally different place in the world
   and it was fascinating to me to just look out the windows as we drove,
   trying to soak in as much as I could in the few hours we were there.
   There was no secret in the tension that exists in this part of the
   world, it was obvious to us and clear to us how much struggle there is,
   but still we were greeted with such excitement and passion and
   happiness.

   IMG_2638 1005369_10153396418635618_580263538_n

   2

   We drove to Jordan and I really enjoyed our stay there as well, so many
   kind and happy people filled our stay there and some of the moments of
   that stop are among my favourites. Meeting kids in the street, playing
   football and having a crazy car dance party on the drive back to Amman.

   IMG_2753

   DSC01540

   Egypt had been a place I’d always wanted to visit but honestly never
   thought I’d actually visit it. When we were in the plane circling over
   Cairo and I had my first tiny glimpse of the pyramids, my heart jumped
   a bit and it hit me that we were actually there. I had no idea that
   we’d be spending the next 3 days within a stones throw of the Great
   Pyramids of Giza and that I’d be getting to see them from morning until
   night without any obstruction. Our stay in Egypt was easily one of my
   favourites, not only because of the view but because the energy during
   our entire stay was filled with happiness. It was so easy to take
   photos because there were so many truly happy people all around us. We
   were able to sneak off for a short tour around the pyramid, the sphinx
   and ride camels in the sand. It was one of those “is this really
   happening?” moments for sure.

   IMG_2975

   DSC09941


   Throughout the last few weeks, my heart has been filled with so much
   happiness and love for the people in the world and I know that, even
   though sometimes what we are seeing is difficult, that it’s teaching me
   a lot about myself and about how I want to change the world for the
   better. I went home for the first time in almost 3 months and spent
   some time reflecting on the trip so far and prepping myself for the
   next 40 countries and 6 months and all the memories and experiences
   that are awaiting me.


   Here’s a short slideshow of some photos of the last few stops we’ve
   made.

   This slideshow requires JavaScript.


   Thank you so much for reading this and for supporting me in my
   photography and this new chapter in life, it really does mean so much
   to me. You can follow my trip either on twitter at @trophytour or on
   Instagram at @findjoel.

   Posted in Uncategorized

   Dec·19

                           Tales From The Road – #2

   Posted by Joel

   2

   DSC06190

   The last few weeks have been a whirlwind, both of activity, travel and
   emotion. Since I wrote my last post, the Trophy Tour has been island
   hopping around Central American and the Caribbean which we will
   continue to be doing for the next couple of weeks. Our first stop after
   arriving back in Atlanta at the end of September was Costa Rica. This
   day was a big day for the tour as it marked the first flight of the
   entire team, as well as the first flight in our very own plane! It was
   a bit surreal for me to arrive at the Atlanta airport and see the
   bright red jet that will become my home away from home for the next 8
   months. The entire team was impressed and excited and the energy of
   that first flight was buzzing. I was interview by Jay More, writer for
   Coca–Cola’s Journey blog and it was a bit surreal talking about my role
   on tour, being on the plane and really feeling it all happen. You can
   read the interview here:
   http://www.coca-colacompany.com/stories/finding-focus-photographer-land
   s-picture-perfect-gig-with-coke



   DSC06938


   Our first stop on this leg of the trip was Costa Rica, we had a huge
   event planned with over 17,000 people in attendance throughout both
   days.  It’s amazing to see the detail, energy and passion that is put
   into these big events. There are dancers and music, people performing
   football tricks, a huge hologram, art walls and of course the FIFA
   World Cup Trophy. Being around such a positive and energetic
   environment is contagious and it’s hard not smile with people when they
   react to the whole event. The second day in Costa Rica a few of us
   drove out to a smaller town to watch a local team play a match and then
   we explored a bit of the beach, it was nice to get a chance to see a
   different part of Costa Rica and meet some local people.

   3friendswatchsunset3

   DSC07473

   Next up was Honduras, a busy few days for the tour. We met the
   President of Honduras on the plane which was exciting, there have been
   a few presidential meetings so far and it’s always thrilling to be able
   to shake hands with a head of state. Vincent, one of the videographers
   on tour, and I set out into the city of San Pedro Sula to capture some
   content. We explored a windy road up a mountain and found the perfect
   little football pitch at the top, unfortunately nobody was around to
   play in it. After that we wandered around some of the streets in San
   Pedro Sula and eventually found a small team of boys practicing in the
   setting sun. That evening we took a small commercial plane to one of
   the most difficult landing airports in the world, Tegucigalpa. Our
   event there was great, another big event with a lot of people and again
   it was amazing to see the energy around the entire event.

   DSC08127copy


   After leaving Honduras we headed over to Panama City. I was surprised
   by how big the city was, how many huge skyscrapers built up the
   skyline. We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel, which was a pretty cool
   place to stay. I had a bit of a chance to explore a bit of the city to
   capture photos for my job and it was a  really cool afternoon. We had
   another big event there and it was strange to be in such a commercial
   area after being in so many smaller countries and places. We had a nice
   stay there before heading off to Jamaica.

   DSC08829

   DSC09212


   Jamaica was one of my favorite stops on the tour so far. The Prime
   Minister, a really energetic and spirited lady came onto the plane to
   greet us and I even got to have a short conversation with her about why
   she loved football. My role in the tour gives me a really great
   opportunity to actually get out and see the communities and countries
   that we are visiting, while much of the team stays behind to set up
   events, organize the day and meet with local teams, myself and the
   video team get escorted off into the cities. In Jamaica, we sped
   through the city of Kingston on our way to photograph and meet a local
   young football star. Driving through these cities is probably the
   biggest culture shock for me. There aren’t really solid rules on the
   road and at times we are dodging goats, dogs, children and bicycles
   sometimes a combination of those! While we were shooting in Angels,
   Jamaica a young boy wandered over to our little set up and immediately
   started asking questions about my camera and phone. I let him take some
   photos and he loved it so much that he must have taken about 500
   pictures of everything he could. It was a happy moment that brought a
   smile to my face when I explained it to the rest of the team.

   DSC09892

   The next morning Vincent and I set off again to shoot some photos of
   our local football star and we found ourselves in the poor fishing
   community of Port Royal. It was an interesting place, once being the
   pirate central of the area and being known for its wealth and
   debauchery, most of the city now lies under the water after an
   earthquake. I photographed some kids fishing off boats and then a young
   boy showed up and I asked to photograph him playing football. After a
   few minutes of taking his picture I asked him why he liked the sport
   and his answer pretty much broke my heart. He answered “It’s the only
   thing that I can do to escape poverty, to help my family live a better
   life”  Here was this boy, only 14 years old feeling like it was his
   responsibility to find a better life for his entire family. It froze me
   for a  second and we talked for a few more minutes about how he plans
   on advancing and making the national team. It amazed me that the power
   of this sport runs so much deeper than just a love of the game, for
   some it’s a literal way of life, a way to live a better life.

   boywithball6

   After our conversation we walked around the streets for a while, the
   sun beating down on us on one of the hottest days on tour so far. We
   came across a group of young kids playing football in street. It was a
   classic scene of what you might expect in a poor neighborhood. The kids
   were barefoot, using garbage and crumpled clothing as goalposts and for
   the most part they ignored the fact that I was there taking photos as
   they  ran across the scorching pavement in the sun.  As I took photos
   one of the kids slowly approached and tapped me on the shoulder and
   whispered “Do you have a drink?”  Again my heart sank, looking at this
   kid no older than 8, sweat beading on his forehead and without shoes.
   Right away I nodded and walked over a corner store across the street, I
   spent every dollar of Jamaican money I had buying drinks for the kids
   in the street and as good as it felt, I walked away with a heavy heart
   knowing that there was so much more I could do if I had more money. It
   was a weird morning of feeling blessed and guilty and humbled all at
   the same time.

   DSC00541

   DSC00471


   Jamaica was one of my favourite stops not just because of the culture
   and the happy people I was able to meet, but because it was the start
   of me really seeing the bigger picture of this trip and of my own life
   in regards to how fortunate I truly am. While it’s amazing to
   experience these really cool cities in fancy hotels and have the
   opportunity to meet presidents and dignitaries, it’s the moments when
   I’m sitting in the street, dirt on my pants watching and capturing
   unfamiliar scenes and people who I truly feel are the highlights of
   this trip. It’s already inspiring me to give back, to want to make a
   bigger change in this world and to make the most of the blessings that
   I have.

   DSC00169

   DSC09692 copy



   Over the course of the last two weeks, we’ve been island hopping.
   Visiting new communities and countries almost every day and it’s a
   constant buzz of energy and happiness. I wake up tired but go to sleep
   filled with energy of the smiling faces, the laughter, the energy and
   the positivity that we get to experience every day. It’s a bit of a
   rush, packing up and flying out each morning but each new country
   brings with it a new story, a new person that both fills my heart a bit
   more and yet takes a piece of it away with them. It’s only been 5 weeks
   and I’m already changing into what I hope is a better, more generous
   and grateful person.  The next leg of our tour takes us to Haiti,
   Belize, Trinidad, Nicaragua and more before we head to Africa.


   passport

   DSC00093copy


   If you’d like to see more photos of my trip please follow me on
   Instagram @findjoel : http://instagram.com/findjoel#

   and follow me on the Trophy Tour’s official Twitter account
   @trophytour! http://twitter.com/trophytour



   Posted in Uncategorized

   Oct·22

                     Tales from the Trophy Tour – Part 1!

   Posted by Joel

   1

   I’ve finally found a few hours to sit down and write about the first
   few weeks of my amazing new job. And by finding a few hours, I really
   mean that the jetlag that I’ve been avoiding has finally hit me after
   travelling from one side of the world to the other and back in about 9
   days! So far as of Sept 27th, I’ve travelled over 44,700km in just over
   2 weeks!!

   As a bit of a recap to what this exciting job is, back in April of this
   year I received a phone called from an organization that works with
   Coca-Cola’s big campaigns and they had an amazing job opportunity that
   they had in mind for me. The group organizes (among other campaigns)
   the FIFA World Cup Trophy Tour by  Coca-Cola and they were offering me
   the role on tour as the photographer and blogger. The tour, which is a
   joint effort by Coca-Cola and FIFA, is centered around bringing the
   physical World Cup Trophy around the world to 89 countries to unite the
   entire world around the sport of football. Needless to say the
   opportunity to travel the world with a company that I’ve long respected
   and been a fan of was an offer that I couldn’t refuse and as of Sept
   10th, I’ve been on the road with the tour.

   brazil


   Our first stop was Rio de Janeiro, Brazil where the launch of the tour
   occurred. The first day in Brazil was incredible, my hotel window
   looked over Copacabana beach and I spent a few hours enjoying the sand
   and sun trying to wrap my mind around how lucky I am to have such an
   amazing opportunity in my life. Rio was an interesting and beautiful
   city to visit and I was fortunate enough to see a few different views
   of it. The second day of my stop there I followed our video crew to
   visit a young football fan and player who was being surprised with a
   ticket to the launch, where he would get to see the trophy at the
   Cristo statue and also meet 5 Brazil champion players. Getting a chance
   to go to his neighborhood was eye opening and powerful, his community
   was so happy and supportive of him and even though it was in a poor
   area of town, the feeling of pride and excitement made everything feel
   so upbeat and happy.


   1235960_10153176835710618_2073249654_n

   The video was just posted this week and you can watch it here:
   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXSern9Zqp4&feature=share&list=PLCGIzmTE
   4d0gBDk0w2z_JoqcSGb1Sr6n2

   The launch day was one of the most surreal days of my life. I remember
   not too long ago reading an article about statues around the world and
   thinking to myself that I would probably never see the Christ The
   Redeemer statue in real life. And suddenly there I was early in the
   morning with an opportunity to see the statue and the view it has with
   almost nobody else around. The launch was full of awesome moments;
   seeing the Trophy for the first time in real life, getting to meet the
   5 world champions, watching David Correy, Gaby and Monobloco perform
   the new anthem as it echoed it’s way down to the streets of Rio. It was
   a day I’ll never forget. davidgabymonoblocotwo

   The rest of our stay in Rio was filled with more great moments, some of
   which are a bit of a secret for now. On the last full night of our stay
   there I found myself along with 3 of my colleagues going to Rock in Rio
   to see David Guetta and Beyoncé perform! In a matter of hours I went
   from sitting in the Coca-Cola Brazil office to a private Coke booth at
   the concert, rocking out to Beyoncé and pinching myself because it all
   felt like it was too surreal to be actual life. After a fairly relaxed
   final day in Rio we set off for literally the other side of the world,
   Tahiti.

   In a matter of a few stops and a nice layover in Los Angeles that gave
   me a chance to see Carolyn Hampton and her daughter, we were on our way
   to the beautiful Pacific Islands. The first stop, Tahiti, was
   beautiful.  Our hotel looked out over an incredible lagoon and the
   sunset over and island every night. Our stay in Tahiti was short, only
   a couple days but it was filled with amazing moments. We had our first
   big event, an football experience at a local stadium with World Cup
   winner Christian Kerembeu as well as the captain of the Tahiti National
   Team. It was really neat to see so many people engaged and excited
   about the trophy and the whole experience.  After our short stay in
   Tahiti it was off to Fiji!

   DSC02604


   Fiji was incredible. We were met off the plane by warriors and then
   ushered into a huge ceremony where the President arrived to welcome us
   and hold the trophy. The whole ceremony was moving and it was
   fascinating to be a part of such a rich cultural experience that
   doesn’t happen very often. Our stay in Fiji was filled with so much
   activity, we had a huge event at a football stadium, bringing the
   trophy and Christian Kerembeu to welcome the citizens of lautoka.  We
   had another event at night with fire breathers, dacncers and great
   music. Fiji was one of my favourite stops so far and I’m already hoping
   that I can go back one day soon for a longer visit.

   DSC03821 dancing2


   After Fiji we hopped over to another island, Vanuatu. We met the
   President here as well and he was very excited to be able to see and
   touch the trophy. The Vanuatu trip was short and punctuated with rain
   showers that made exploring the local beaches and village a little more
   difficult. We managed to visit the market and explored a short section
   of beatufiul blue water and soft white beach sand.

   DSC05895

   This trip so far has been life changing, I’ve learned a lot about
   myself even in the few weeks that I’ve been on the road and it has
   opened my eyes to a lot of things. We’ve been fortunate to stay at some
   of the best hotels there are and at the same time experience the
   poorest neighborhoods and people I’ve personally ever seen. It’s an
   opportunity though to appreciate what we have and remind ourselves to
   give back and share as much as possible.

   This is just the first of many posts to come, the next write up will
   include our first trip on our private jet, our trips to Costa Rica,
   Honduras and Panama! Stay tuned!


   Make sure you’re following @trophytour on twitter to get all the
   updates!

   Posted in Uncategorized

   Tagged Coca-Cola, World Cup Trophy

   Oct·04

               The Wild Ones – The Summer of Sharing Happiness

   Posted by Joel

   9

   It’s taken me almost the entire week and a half since The Wild Ones
   Tour officially ended to actually piece it all together in mind, there
   is a lot to reflect on, to remember, to laugh about and to feel humbled
   by.

   IMG_1108

   The Wild Ones 2013 Workshop tour started out as simply a comment, a
   desire by Shane, Sarah and myself to travel together during the summer,
   a road trip fueled by friendship and photography. Like most of these
   dreams, I never really expected it to go beyond that, but before long
   we were planning a route, deciding to teach workshops to help fund our
   journey, and deciding on names, logos and where we’d teach. It became
   normal to start talking about this epic trip, a travelling class that
   would reach from Coast to Coast and take us to more than 20 states.

   camera_FIN

   We decided to teach, at first purely because we needed a way to fund
   our trip, but gradually and after signing on Coca-Cola and Flickr as
   sponsors we became less worried about the financial aspect of the trip
   and more invested in the people, the community, the stories. We
   believed in our project, we believed in ourselves and each other so
   much so that each of us quit our regular jobs all in the same week. 6
   years of working in a high school, a hospital and in R&D at a major
   company, we quit to follow our dreams. In early July, after almost a
   year of talking and planning and emails and phone calls, we finally set
   out on our way, without any clue of what was truly in store for us.

   484813_586532474711678_435857338_n

   Personally, I didn’t know what to expect. On paper the summer looked
   fairly simple, driving from one stop to the next punctuated by
   workshops in major cities along the way. It seemed simple, carefree and
   fun. And it was, even more so than I had ever thought it would be. What
   caught me off guard though was the community that began to form right
   in front of my eyes. I’d been to big meetups several times in the last
   year, and the friendships and bonds that came from them have truly
   changed my life (including setting me up for this trip!), but I had no
   idea that our Wild One community would come to mean so much to me.

   IMG_2598 IMG_3421

   I distinctly remember how I felt the morning of our first workshop, we
   were fairly quiet as we got ready and laid out our supplies in the
   parking lot of the Portland Arboretum. And then people started showing
   up, happy to see us and with huge smiles on their faces. My nerves
   eased as we introduced ourselves and got to know the kind personalities
   behind the smiling faces and before I had even realized it, the day was
   over. I’ll never forget though, Kathy, a new friend who I spent quite a
   bit of time with during the workshop talking about photography, about
   staying inspired and how to shoot certain concepts. This conversation
   was awesome in itself but shortly before she left at the end of the
   day, she gave a hug and told me how much it meant to her to be there.
   And those words twisted right around my heart and made me feel so
   humbled and happy and proud.

   20130719_171824

   And each workshop was just like that, a beautiful collection of
   talented and inspiring people with stories and hugs and at the end of
   each workshop day I could think back and hear the words of thanks and
   kindness that were whispered during those final moments. Little did I
   know that each of those hugs, handshakes, photographs, and laughs were
   changing me bit by bit.

          Dallas

          Tampa

          New York

          Los Angeles

          Portland

   By the time we had reached Los Angeles, the halfway point of the tour I
   could already see it, the reach that this trip was having, not just
   within the workshops and with ourselves but with the people we met
   along the way. We were so fortunate to cross paths with so many
   generous and loving people that fed us, let us in their homes, walked
   around the city for an entire day, and simply just wanted to come and
   say hi before we left. I didn’t expect it and each time that it
   happened I was even more humbled and amazed at how our community was
   growing.

          Meeting friends in Dallas

          Coca-Cola workshop 🙂

          Chris in Los Angeles

          Josh in L.A.

          Ted in San Fran!

          Omalix in Orlando

          Portland friends

   The trip though centered around the workshops was also an opportunity
   for the three of us to get to know each other better, and through the
   many mile we definitely did. A year ago, I never would have imagined
   that I would be waking up in front of Half Dome in Yosemite with these
   two, I wouldn’t have dreamt that I’d be teaching a class in Coca-Cola
   headquarters, spending a birthday walking across the White Sands in New
   Mexico, watching the fireworks light up the castle at Disneyworld. I
   came to love Sarah and Shane even more like members of my family, a
   brother and a sister that have memories with me that will never be
   taken. I’d like to say that each day of the trip was a laugh filled
   comedy but truthfully there were some tough days. Days when we weren’t
   feeling so great, days when the heat affected our moods, the lack of
   sleep made us grouchy and the long driving kept us quiet, but these
   tough times only ended up making the three of us better friends because
   we managed to come together. We trusted each other, applauded each
   other and supported each other in any way that was needed and I’m so
   lucky to have spent two months with these two amazing people.

   IMG_2478 IMG_2163 IMG_2690copy

   The tour quickly gained three hashtags, #thewildones2013,
   #flickrXcountry and #sharehappiness. For me, the Share Happiness tag
   was the most important, not because Coca-Cola was a sponsor but because
   we had an opportunity to give back as much as possible to anyone,
   friend or stranger across the entire country. We knew from the very
   beginning that this was not a trip we wanted to profit from, and true
   to this statement we finished the trip with nothing in the bank. We
   were truly able to bring happiness to people every day. Buying dinners,
   giving away free entries to deserving photographers who wanted to
   attend our workshops but couldn’t afford it, feeding stray dogs in
   parking lots and trying to do as much as we could to fill every city
   and town we stopped in with a jolt of happiness.

   1148768_629056793792579_1078741808_n 20130813_141937 Image by Danielle
   Dautel

   I think for me, the happiest moment was the opportunity we had to fly
   two talented brothers from Illinois to Dallas to spend a few days with
   us and attend our workshop. Earlier when we had planned the route, I
   felt bad that we weren’t going to be passing through the Midwest,
   giving us a chance to meet Jordan and Justin Kuder. But, after a pretty
   short conversation pretty much consisting of “We should fly them to
   Dallas”….”Ok!” we had arranged for them to attend, no cost at all to
   them. It was an amazing feeling to be able to give a gift like that,
   one that I could tell meant a lot to both of them. It was a highlight
   of my summer for sure, to be able to not only give them the opportunity
   to come to the workshop but to get to know them both as friends.

   IMG_6093

   It sounds cliché but giving back is truly one of the greatest things
   you can do. I learned this summer, that being able to give and to
   encourage and to share help fuel the best life you could imagine.
   During each workshop, I felt humbled that people wanted to learn but I
   felt even more empowered and inspired because I had an opportunity to
   share and give back to those very people who helped us get to a point
   where we could share. The internet didn’t make me a photographer, but
   it did introduce me to a new life. YOU, the people that support me and
   believe in me and helped make this summer trip a reality are the reason
   that I feel so happy to give, because you gave me your support and love
   and it helped me become a different person than I was 5 years ago
   before I picked up a camera.

   photo by Sarah Ann Loreth

   This trip started out as a chance to teach other people, but in the end
   it taught me more about myself and about the good in the world. Each
   and every friend that we made and saw taught me something new and
   helped me feel even more passionate about creating art and about
   sharing happiness. While I was inspired by the natural beauty of the
   places we visited I was even more inspired by the openness of those
   that we met, how much they believed in their art and how much they
   believed in the three of us. That sense of belief and support and
   thanks are worth more than paycheck that a job could pay.

          Monument Valley

          Wizarding World of Harry Potter

          Disneyworld

          Coca-Cola Headquarters

          Flickr Headquarters

          Yosemite

          Birthday in Texas

          Mesa Verde

          Hollywood!

          Drive through tree

          Half Dome in Yosemite

          Zion National Park

    There is a community now, a family of Wild Ones that has been created
   over these 8 workshops, it’s a family that may never be in the same
   room together but is still filled with the very best of traits. We are
   supportive, encouraging, talented, and bursting with excitement and
   respect for each of the other people in it. And the beautiful part of
   this community is that it’s not limited to only a few, it’s an open
   community of friends and photographers and supporters who just want a
   place to be themselves without judgement and to share happiness. It is
   because of this community, this family that I feel that The Wild One’s
   has been one of the most important and valuable experiences in my life.

   20130807_155546

   We couldn’t have done this trip without you, some of you donated money,
   some of you let us stay in your homes or fed us or even just spent a
   few hours touring us around your city, some of you sent messages of
   support that pushed us to keep going and to believe in this project and
   for all of those things I say thank you. We couldn’t have done this
   without you.

   IMG_2867

   I’m so proud of the last two months and more than ever I’m proud of
   being A Wild One.

   Posted in Uncategorized

   Sep·03

                             Beginnings and Endings

   Posted by Joel

   5

   One of the questions I get asked quite frequently is “how did you start
   in Photography?” It seems like the most logical question to ask
   someone, how they began their journey, what motivated or encouraged
   them to start doing what they love. For me, I always try to think back
   to my childhood to see where it was that linked me to being a creative
   person, an artist, a photographer.

   Wordly View

   I’ve always been interested in “art”. I use the term loosely because as
   a child, “art” typically lends itself to colouring books and creations
   with play-dough and lego. But even with those mediums, I loved
   creating. I loved drawing and making books of my own drawings and I
   enjoyed most of all making things out of whatever we happened to have
   around the house. I remember my bedroom as a kid was a treasure trove
   of odds and ends that I could use for making things. I was also
   inspired endlessly by Walt Disney and animated Disney films. We had an
   entire drawer full of Disney movies and when I was about 8 years old I
   knew  that I was going to try to be an animator for Disney. Little did
   I know that I would actually have to be a pretty decent artist to do
   that, but it was all I could think of myself doing.

   Disney Geek

   In all this time growing up I never really gravitated towards a camera.
   My mom always shot the photos in our family, books filled with road
   trips and christmas mornings line shelves at my parents house. But even
   with an avid photographer in the house I never really felt anything for
   it. When I was about 16 I found an old pentax and took a roll of film,
   mostly just some flowers and our dog and other “test subjects”. I was
   happy with the photos but didn’t see any future in photography for me.

   In high school I tried to take as many art courses as I could, media
   arts being my favourite and in that class I learned how to develop my
   own negatives and took a roll of black and white photos that I was
   really quite proud of. Still though, I didn’t pick up a camera and feel
   anything.

   It wasn’t until my early twenties that I started to notice something. I
   lacked passion. I didn’t really have any hobbies or interests that I
   felt truly passionate about. It had been years since I had painted a
   picture or drawn anything more than a doodle and I didn’t really see
   myself doing anything with any kind of art. Then, thankfully, I
   stumbled across Flickr.com. I don’t exactly know how it happened but I
   found a group of photographers who were taking photos each day based
   around a certain theme and it looked like a lot of fun. I hadn’t really
   seen anything like it before, people collaborating online and not
   taking themselves too seriously about it. I joined the group and
   started taking photos with my rather crappy point and shoot camera. And
   slowly, after a few weeks of playing along with the goofy themes I
   started to get more excited about coming up with photo ideas. After the
   first couple months I bought a dslr and began to actually plan my
   photos out and began editing them on a free editing program. It was
   like I had hopped on a train, without really knowing where it was going
   but I was excited to be on it.

   Train

   By the time I finished my first 365 project I knew that I was hooked, I
   enjoyed the process as a whole. I loved coming up with concepts,
   shooting them and editing them and sharing them with other people. I
   suddenly felt like a room in my mind that had been locked for so long
   suddenly opened up and I could see passion and hope and interest and
   satisfaction inside.

   I’ve been thinking a lot about beginnings and my own beginning on this
   journey a lot lately. The proverbial train ride is picking up steam and
   I still don’t know the destination but I’m just as excited about the
   journey. And just as I’m thinking about beginnings I’m thinking about
   endings as well.   Today was my final day at a job that I’ve had for
   about 6 years, working as an educational assistant within the school
   system supporting students with learning disabilities. . I’m about to
   make a jump from hobbyist photographer to full-time photographer,
   supporting myself with my work, my drive and my passion. It’s a little
   scary to leave comfortable things behind, to say goodbye to a positive
   working environment with stability and security and trade it in for
   unknown, but I also know that it’s time for me to try this route and
   see where it takes me.

   These next few months will be a new beginning for me, one that I hope
   in a few years I can look back on and start a new story from.

   Carried Away

   Posted in Uncategorized

   Jun·22

                           Fourth Time’s The Charm?

   Posted by Joel

   1

   Day 365

   Not very long ago I wrote on this very blog about the end of my third
   365 photo a day project and pretty much vowed that I would never do
   another one. That was in December of 2011 and by January of the next
   year I had caved in and started my fourth project. And now, exactly 461
   (I’m more than 100 days late!) days later, I’m ready to end my fourth
   project and say with almost 100% certainty that my 365 days are behind
   me.

   Day 1

   My reasons for starting another project based around daily photos
   and journaling last year was because I felt like within those 12 months
   things in my life were going to be filled with really exciting
   opportunities that I wanted to try to document. It was true I was
   surprised with a lot of incredible experiences and I’m glad that I was
   able to try and interpret them into photographs.

   My fourth 365 project was very different from the other’s that I’ve
   completed. For the first 6 months I was very strict, shooting every day
   and posting that night. It was draining at times and there were many
   days in the spring where I was running about 15-20km a night to train
   for a marathon, grabbing my camera as soon as I was done and shooting
   for an hour just to get the last bits of light. This started to wear on
   me and by June I was really unhappy with my work, I was shooting in the
   wrong light, not thinking of solid concepts, and rushing my editing and
   I was frustrated. The nature of this type of project is quantity, it’s
   like a machine making an image a day and by the time summer rolled
   around I was burning out. I had stopped taking care of myself and my
   relationships, mostly because of my own internal pressure to try
   to come up with the next great idea. Instead of taking the time to cook
   healthy meals, I was surviving on peanut butter and jam sandwiches and
   apples and spending too much time on the computer and not enough time
   enjoying all the other parts of my life.

   I feel like my turning point was the Midwest Meetup in Indiana in July.
   It forced me to stop my routine of work, run, shoot, edit, repeat. I
   felt like I could breathe, I felt like I wasn’t being tied down by a
   project that even though I had voluntarily agreed to was making me feel
   like I wasn’t good enough. As a fiercely determined and stubborn
   person, I like to do a project and see it through and quitting was
   never an option. After the meetup I started to relax a bit, I took some
   days off (unheard of!) and let myself shoot when the mood struck and
   started to become less paranoid about being “on the right day” of the
   project. In doing this, I felt much better. I felt inspired and
   motivated and wanted to create work that I was really proud of and now
   looking back I do feel much more pride in the months following this
   “intervention”.

   midwest gathering – photo by Shane Black

   The last 365+ days have truly been incredible. I never would have
   anticipated all the wonderful experiences that came my way during the
   course of this project. I travelled to Vancouver, Indiana, Detroit,
   California, Las Vegas, and Atlanta. I finally met with so many of my
   photography idols and friends and got to see their talent and beautiful
   spirits in person. I ran my 4th marathon in my fastest time. I was
   nominated for an award that took me to an awards show filled with some
   of the most talented photographers in the world. I was able to pick up
   a book with my photo on the cover for the first time, I was hired by
   two magazines to create work for them, I saw my photos on Oprah.com,
   The Daily Mail, and blogged by celebrities. But most importantly I was
   able to spend a year (and a bit) expressing myself, my fears and goals
   through photography and feel so supported and appreciated and
   understood.

   This slideshow requires JavaScript.

   I highly suggest doing a photography project, whether it’s a 52 week
   project or a 365 project. These projects allow you to grow, to test
   yourself and to force your mind to stay sharp. It’s an amazing feeling
   to go back and see how work and styles and visions can change over the
   course of a year in your life.

   I’m very excited to see where my next adventures take me and I know
   that my camera will always be there to help me document where I go and
   who I meet and help me tell the stories that I see in my mind. I have
   some projects that I can’t wait to start and even though I might miss
   going out and shooting a photo every day, I’m excited about allowing
   myself to grow in all ways.

   You can view my entire 365 project here:
   http://www.flickr.com/photos/joel_r/sets/72157629005806697/with/6752321
   431/

   Posted in Uncategorized

   Apr·30

                            Miniature Life Tutorial

   Posted by Joel

   46

   Title

   In the past few months I’ve received quite a few requests and questions
   around creating a tutorial for how I do photos like these, making
   myself miniature! I’ve been meaning to write a tutorial for how I
   achieve this look but haven’t had much time to sit and write one out,
   until now!

   I’ll break the tutorial down into two parts, shooting the actual images
   and then editing them.

Shooting The Photos!

   The first thing I always try to before I take any photo but especially
   these miniature ones, is make sure that I have a solid concept and an
   idea of any props or supplies I might need. The more prepared you are
   for shooting, the easier the entire process becomes. From my
   experience, shooting miniature scenes works best with simple
   backgrounds like walls, windows, or lush forest areas. If you have a
   busy background, even one with a lot of bokeh it can be difficult to
   make the images match in lighting.

   Once you have your concept and your location it’s time to shoot. Here
   is where you really have to put yourself into tiny shoes and imagine
   what the scene would look like if you were only an inch tall. I think
   one of the ways to make these photos look as realistic as possible is
   to have the focussing and DOF spot on. To do this, you don’t want to
   just take a photo of an empty scene, you want to have a stand-in for
   yourself or your model so that the focus is accurate and appropriate to
   the scene you’re trying to create. I usually use this guy:

   wall-e stand in

   This Wall-e figure is a great stand-in, it allows me to set the focus
   on where I will be layering in my own image or the image of someone
   else and it also gives me the opportunity to use shadows. Shadows and
   reflections are some of the smaller details that really help to build
   up an image and by using a toy stand in (lego figures would work too)
   it allows you to not only set up your focus and scene but also keep and
   use the shadows that the toy casts.

   IMG_7959

   After you’ve set up your stand-in and you have the focus where you want
   it, lock the focus. Take a few shots with your stand-in and then remove
   it to get some photos of what we’ll call the “blank scene”. This is
   where you can get creative, you can do an expansion if you like or keep
   it to one shot. You can start to add in new elements (dropping coffee
   beans) or you can leave it simple.
   Blank Scene

   Blank Scene

   Once you’ve finished with your blank scene it’s time to take the
   portrait side of the image. This is where things get a bit more
   particular. I always try to shoot everything in the same time frame and
   in the same location as possible so that the lighting and colouring
   looks as similar as can be. What I tend to do is look back into the
   first few images of my stand-in to see where my pose should be but more
   importantly where the camera angle should be. If you’re shooting the
   miniature at floor level, it means that you might have to sit on a
   chair or get your camera lower to make sure the angle and shadowing is
   similar. This is where you can go a little crazy with the photos, take
   more than you think you need to and check your results often so that
   you can adjust pose or angle if you need to. After you’re happy with
   the images, it’s on to editing!

   Self

   shootingtips

Editing!

   The first thing I always do is open up my blank scene photos and expand
   them (if you’re not doing an expansion, skip this part!) I usually
   include a layer using my stand in, just in case I need to use the
   shadows later on. If you’re not familiar with how expansions work, I do
   have a tutorial here that explains it!
   https://joelrobisonphoto.wordpress.com/2012/04/13/an-expansion-tutorial
   /

   After you’ve set up your blank scene, it’s time to add in your Mini.
   Depending on the images, it can be as simple as layering the mini
   images in and simply masking out the parts you don’t want but usually
   it involves resizing the “mini” layer to fit the scene.

   Resizing the “mini” layer is where things can get tricky. You have to
   keep in mind the original scene that you set up, how tall was your
   stand in and what is the focus set to? If you shrink yourself too small
   or not enough, it sets everything slightly off. So, using a lot of
   trial and error simply resize this “mini” layer. I usually mask the
   layer roughly first just to get the sizing right and then do a clean up
   after I’m happy with it.

   unprocessed

   So now you should have the basis of a “mini” shot! This is where those
   finer details come into play. In the shot below, I knew I would need to
   have a shadow of my arm and hand over the egg, so using the layer with
   Wall-e I copied his shadow and layered it into the image. I also knew
   that there’d be some more shadows needed around my feet and legs so
   using the burn tool I lightly burned the area to darken the shadows.
   Sometimes I also use the soften brush on a low opacity to add some
   DOF to the “mini” layer, this is helpful to give some realistic DOF.
   Just by doing a very subtle soften of shoulders, knees or other body
   parts that are a bit further away from the camera it helps to give a
   more cohesive and finalized look to the mini layer.

   Finished

   If you’re unsure of shadows or reflections, just return back to your
   stand-in shot to see where things should be and if you need to add in
   any final details. Once you’ve finished with the smaller details, you
   can continue to edit the colour tones, curves, textures etc of the
   image all at once!

   editingtips

As always, if you read this tutorial and you enjoyed it please comment below
and if you take a miniature photo, please send me a link! I will be drawing a
name from all the people who create an image based on this tutorial and that
winner will receive a very special “mini” themed prize!

   Posted in Tutorial

   Tagged miniature, tutorial

   Mar·30

                                 March Madness

   Posted by Joel

   6

   It seems like I say this after every trip I go  on, but I have no idea
   how to sum up how incredible the last two weeks have been. I`m going to
   try my best to recollect all the incredible memories that spanned 3
   cities, dozens of friends and thousands of miles.

   My adventure first start when I landed in Vancouver to visit my amazing
   friends that decided to organize a mini-meetup with local
   photographers. I first spent some time with my good friend Gurbir,
   attending a fundraising concert and exploring the UBC campus. Later
   that night we met up with the rest of our team of amazing
   photographers; Kindra Timmerwilke, Austin Tott, Noah Friebel, Lizzy
   Gadd, Emerald Shatto, Esther Gadd, Michelle Ellis, and Sandy Chu.

   Noah

   We spent the weekend at the lovely Gadd house and had many adventures
   around the Vancouver area. On Saturday we ventured to Lynn Canyon,
   stopping for a traffic jam photo shoot along the way. The canyon was
   beautiful, with huge tree stumps and lush forests leading us down to
   the river where we posed in each other`s photos and lit about 50 smoke
   bombs, watching the sun carry the light through the river canyon.

   Lynn Canyon


   We then rushed through Vancouver to drive to Wreck Beach near UBC so
   that I could shoot a client shoot I had booked. A local
   singer/songwriter Jordan Klassen had contacted me about doing some
   promotional photos for him and it was great to meet him and spend some
   time shooting some conceptual photos. That night we lit a fire on the
   beach and then stuffed ourselves full of amazing vegetarian food.
   dinner

   Sunday we spent the day exploring local minnekhada park. The weather
   was chilly but we made it much warmer by lighting huge torches for
   photos and layering on cloaks and blankets for photos. I love
   meetups like these where I can just stand-off to the side and see
   amazing hubs of activity and photos. We hiked along the beautiful roots
   and caves and stumps up to the lookout where we stayed for quite a
   while shooting photos of each other. That night we said goodbye to
   Austin and Kindra and Sandy and Michelle and our group was
   suddenly smaller.

   groupified

   Monday we agreed would be a lazy day and it was spent partially in
   pajamas and partially in White Rock where we walked along the shoreline
   with dogs and a kite and prepared to say goodbye to everyone. After
   another great meal and some late night Harry Potter, it was time to get
   ready for the next chapter in my adventure.
   white rock

   Tuesday the 12th I boarded a plane for Las Vegas and was greeted at the
   airport by a trio of wonderful people, Whitney Justesen, Brooke
   Shaden and KD Stapleton. After some hectic driving we checked into the
   hotel and our group grew with addition of Rob Woodcox and Peter Jamus.
   We explored a tiny bit of Las Vegas before we had to get ready for the
   whole reason we were all there, the FRAMED AWARDS!  Rob, Brooke and I
   were each nominated for awards and after taking some prom-style photos
   we literally ran from our hotel to the exclusive party, twitching with
   nervous excitement as we were led to the VIP section of the MGM Grand.

   airport

   pretty peeps

   The party was incredible, getting to meet so many talented people who
   I`ve looked up to for so long was truly an incredible experience. Being
   able to literally rub shoulders with Aaron Nace, Ryan Brenizer, Kirsty
   Mitchell, Jeremy Cowart, and so many more was just surreal. Even though
   I didn`t win my category I felt like the biggest prize was being able
   to call these people friends by the end of the night. After the party
   ended, some of the Phlearn crew joined us for continued adventures
   around the strip and we stayed awake long enough to say goodbye to Rob
   before crashing into the beds.
   Vegas

   Wednesday we said goodbye to Whitney before heading off to see Brooke
   present a speech at the WPII expo. Peter and I sat in the front row and
   Brooke`s presentation was just as thought-provoking and insightful as I
   would have expected it would be. After she was done we kind of hobbled
   around the expo, bumping into all our friends from the night before
   along the way. After a few more “my life is amazing!”  moments, we left
   and drove around Las Vegas to find a vegan restaurant. In one of my
   favourite moments of the entire trip; Brooke, KD, Peter and I just hung
   out at a cafe, laughing like old friends and enjoying tasty treats. It
   was a happy heart moment that I`ll always remember. That night, Brooke
   and KD left and it was just Peter and I left to fend for ourselves!
   That night we ended up crashing a penthouse party (actually we were
   invited by Ben Von Wong) and after about a 5 hour conversation with
   some amazing people on the balcony we finally headed back to the hotel
   at about 5 a.m. That night really changed my own view on my photography
   and solidified my desire to become the best I can possibly be.

   IMG_3901

   After a short but wonderful sleep, Peter and I split off for a few
   hours. I walked up and down the Las Vegas strip, enjoying the warm
   weather and stopping to see various things. Randomly saw the Blue Man
   Group film a commercial, saw a few wax statues and had a great time
   just walking and thinking.

   IMG_3995

   Later that evening we met up with a duo of beautiful photographers,
   Janelle Flom and Katie Ruther and ventured into an aqueduct/wash thing
   and took photos until the sun went down. It was great to actually get
   some photography done while we were in Vegas, especially in a spot that
   wasn’t so traditionally Las Vegas.
   group

   Friday was our last day in the city and after a great morning coffee
   with Ben Von Wong, Peter and I walked (it was really more of an epic
   journey) to Whole Foods so we could finally eat food that was
   nourishing and not crazy expensive. We then met up with two amazing new
   friends Samantha and Corey who drove us out to the most amazing place,
   Nelson’s Landing where we got to shoot photos on a crashed plane, in
   some cool vintage busses and watch the sun go down behind the Nevada
   mountains. It was the most amazing way to wrap up my time in the sun
   there.
   plane


   Saturday was a full travel day. Between 8am and midnight I spent my
   entire day in airports and in the sky flying to Chicago and then
   finally to Atlanta. The next day, St.Patrick’s Day, I met up with one
   of my favourite people, Taylor McCormick and after we walked around
   downtown Atlanta and saw more than we ever planned to, we met up with
   AJ Brustein a friend and fellow photographer who works at Coca-Cola and
   first discovered my photos and started my whole project with them.

   IMG_4921

   We decided to check out a cool spot, an abandoned train yard which was
   absolutely incredible. I feel like I could have spent days there taking
   photos. Big huge warehouses, a train car, trees growing inside
   buildings, a brick throne and so many cool spots. It turns out the next
   Hunger Games movie filmed there and I can see why, it’s pretty awesome!
   I managed to get a lot of photos done in a short amount of time and it
   was great to be able to shoot photos with Taylor and AJ.  That night
   Taylor and I met up with another local photographer and friend Patrick
   Di Rito for dinner and we had a great time hanging out and laughing.
   TaylorAJ

   Monday the 18th was the big day. The whole reason I was in Atlanta was
   to visit Coca-Cola HQ and meet the people behind the company,
   specifically the people who had been a part of my project with them.
   The day started with a wonderful tour of the HQ, we went to the former
   president’s office which was fascinating and told a lot about how the
   company grew from humble beginnings to where it is now. Then I took a
   tour down to the archives which was incredible. I was shown original
   Norman Rockwell sketches and paintings, pieces of memorabilia that have
   been in movies and television shows, I held an olympic torch and a can
   that had been on the space station. It was so crazy to know that I was
   actually there!
   Torch

   Later I met with Wendy Clark, the VP of Marketing Communications and we
   talked about my project and I had the opportunity to discuss my
   photography and how I’d love to continue with them in any new projects.
   Then it was on to lunch in what Casey refers to as the Saved By the
   Bell Diner inside the complex. In the afternoon I met with Kelly
   Kozel and the Licensing department where I was able to see how
   Coca-Cola works with artists and designers around the world to create
   one of a kind and high-end works of art. It was really assuring to me
   to see a company actually reaching out to artists in a way that
   supports and encourages collaboration, something I’d love to keep doing
   with them. Then I was gifted a huge bag of goodies that weighed half as
   much as me and was totally a surprise! After that we went to a brand
   team meeting where I was given the opportunity to voice my opinion on a
   few topics and share my ideas with the group, it was refreshing (pun!)
   to see a company valuing a fan’s voice and I felt very comfortable
   sharing my thoughts and ideas with the group there.

   brand team

   After the visit at HQ it was a quick trip over to World of Coke where I
   held a Google+ hangout with a few fans, friends, and fellow
   photographers. Not everyone showed up but it was still a fun time
   getting to broadcast a little chat from the lobby! You can watch the
   whole thing here:
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=vJIY-JXPADY

   Then I was given a VIP tour led by a kind tour guide, Linda. We watched
   some videos, toured the whole museum/world and wrapped it all up with
   the sampling room in which I probably drank about 20 litres of various
   flavours of different drinks. Just as I was about to leave, she let me
   know that there was a tornado warning and that I should probably plan
   to stay a bit longer. I waiting and drank more and finally headed back
   to the hotel to change for dinner with more Coca-Cola people! We had a
   nice pizza dinner and it was great to wrap up the entire trip with a
   laid-back and entertaining evening.
   the vault

   The day home was long, about 12 hours of travelling but after a few
   close calls I’m finally home and reflecting back on what feels like a
   few months worth of adventures and people. I networked in a new way on
   this trip, I talked to business and top photographers and met people
   who inspired me to keep chasing my dream. I always leave these types of
   trips inspired and fulfilled and this is no exception. I feel almost
   validated as a photographer to know that just in the last few years my
   life has become so enriched just because I enjoy what I do and I create
   what I like to create and other people like it to.

   home!

   I’m hoping to use this new energy to reach further in my photography
   and try to become more engaged with the community that supports me and
   hopefully keep progressing and growing in the meantime.

   Now to unpack!

   Group

   Posted in meetup

   Tagged cocacola, las vegas, vancouver

   Mar·21

              Anti-Bullying Day – Change Starts With Each Of Us

   Posted by Joel

   17

   Here in Canada, the last Wednesday of February is designated as
   “Anti-Bullying Day”. An opportunity for people across the country to
   stand together and try to eliminate bullying from schools,workplaces,
   and online. This falls into place almost perfectly as I have been
   trying to write a post on bullying for quite some time now.

   Bullying is a situation that is all too familiar to many of us and
   unfortunately it seems to growing in impact and growing in frequency.
   While I strongly support and believe in having a day to focus on this
   problem, it’s an issue that needs attention every day, not just one.

   Be Kind

   I have a very personal connection to bullying, in several ways. I was
   bullied, a lot. More so than I think most people in my own personal
   life realize or know as I’ve managed to keep it tucked deep inside.
   I’ve also seen it firsthand in the schools that I’ve worked in. It
   exists not only in these physical spaces but in the online spaces we
   frequent as well. I’ve seen my friends, my fellow artists all being
   bullied for their choice in subject, their talent, their personalities,
   most often these verbal/online attacks are done anonymously. I thought
   that I would share with you my own story of bullying, I feel that it
   has played an integral role in my life and that it has helped to shape
   the person that I am and even the kind of work that I do, both
   artistically and professionally. This is probably the most personal and
   sensitive topic that I’ve ever written about and aside from a small
   handful of close people in my life, I haven’t shared this with anyone.

   I remember the very first time that I was truly bullied. I had been
   teased growing up, for having a big nose or for wearing the wrong style
   of shoes and all that insignificant stuff that happens as a young
   person growing up. But when I reached the 9th grade, things changed. A
   small group of older guys suddenly chose me as their target, I was
   small and quiet and I think they sensed all of my insecurities. As fate
   would have it, I found myself in a math class seated directly in front
   of 2 of these guys. For months they would stealthily torment me,
   shining laser pens at my glasses so it would reflect back into my eyes,
   flicking staples at the back of my neck, whispering names that still
   make my skin crawl each time that I walked to sharpen a pencil or hand
   in my work. I was starting to get good at ignoring it all until one
   day, a Wednesday in fact, when I finally needed an escape. I excused
   myself from class and walked to the farthest bathroom, a chance to get
   even a few more minutes of peace. I gave myself 5 minutes, just to
   stand in the bathroom and not be around anyone else or listen to
   anything, just to let myself silently cry and try to muster the
   patience to finish the class. Just as I was about to leave, the two
   guys from my class swung in through the door and blocked it shut with a
   garbage can. It was one of those situations where time both freezes and
   speeds up at the same time, like a car accident or a roller coaster. In
   one motion, the taller of the two had grabbed me by the jaw and shoved
   me into the corner. I don’t remember much of what they said to me, it
   all sounded muffled and like another language. I remember them saying
   “I should like it” and they laughed. In what seemed like hours but was
   probably only seconds, the taller one pulled my head up, opened my
   mouth with his fingers and spit into it. I don’t know why I froze, but
   I couldn’t move. In this frozen haze I stood there as they laughed at
   me, spit on me, got their faces nose to nose with mine so closely that
   I could smell old cigarettes and see my own face in the reflection of
   their eyes. The principal’s office was mere steps away but I stood and
   took it. The finale of this two-minute torture was one of the most
   dehumanizing moments of my life, in a swift motion they grabbed my head
   and shoved into a urinal, kicked me once each time in the back and
   left. I remember my glasses cutting into the bridge of my nose and how
   cold the porcelain was as I pulled myself up. I remember spitting blood
   into the sink from where my braces had cut my cheeks from being
   squeezed so hard. I remember smelling of urine and cigarette and
   embarrassment and yet, I did what so many kids do when they are faced
   with situations like this or worse, I pretended like it never happened.
   I washed my face, straightened my glasses and walked back to my class.
   I walked in and sat just a few feet away from those two same guys who
   now had smug smiles on their faces. I sat there in that desk every day
   until the end of that school year and never told anyone.

   I kept that story and all the other times that followed, the times I
   was spit on, had my homework ripped up in front of me, been called
   names that felt like hot knives in my skin had my hands held behind my
   back as a group of kids stole money out of my pocket, a secret until
   just a few years ago. And why? Because I didn’t want to make it worse
   and because I didn’t think anyone would actually care. And that, is the
   saddest part of any story that you will hear about bullying. That kids
   don’t tell because they don’t think that anyone will care or that by
   getting help it will make it worse. I wish I had told, I wish that I
   had been strong enough to stand up for myself but I didn’t, and because
   I didn’t it sent a message to those guys and every other bully in my
   school that it was ok to do what they did. I started to tell one
   friend, a few years ago, parts of this story and her response was “well
   you didn’t tell me this as it was happening so how can I believe that
   it actually did?” Her reply was the exact one that I feared getting,
   the response that so many kids fear, that people won’t believe them and
   that they’ll be made to feel like their experiences are lies. Just
   because someone didn’t tell you, doesn’t mean it didn’t happen.

   Free Your Mind

   Bullying is not an isolated event, it doesn’t just happen once to one
   person in a city far away. It happens all the time to people in your
   classrooms, in your homes, in your families. Just because you’re not
   hearing about it doesn’t mean that it doesn’t happen it just means that
   there is still too much fear in the way of getting help. I now find
   myself in an interesting situation, I work in the same schools that I
   was bullied in. I’ve been in the bathroom that I was attacked in, I
   walk through the halls everyday that 10 years ago I hated and felt like
   an insignificant nobody in. But now, it’s changed. Through these
   experiences and through my own discovery and healing and trust in other
   people I’ve learned that an end to bullying doesn’t start and end with
   the bullies themselves. It starts with me. It starts with you. It
   starts with those that were bullied, that have children who are and
   were bullied and it starts with those who have never been bullied. We
   need to stand up together in a united force that says to the sensitive
   minds and hearts of those around us that we care for them and we’re
   here to help and protect them and that  it is not okay to belittle or
   discriminate, taunt or tease, abuse or attack ANYone. That difference
   in ability, gender, race, sexual preference, identity or mannerism does
   not give anyone the right to use that as a weapon to bring someone
   down. Change starts with each of us making the communities, both local
   and global one that supports each other and protects each other. The
   anti-bullying campaign is as much a pro-support and pro-change
   campaign, we can’t focus on just the bullies themselves, for many of
   them it wouldn’t matter, they would continue to do what they do. But if
   we can create an environment in our homes and schools and friends that
   is safe enough for those that we care about to say “I’ve been bullied”
   or “this is what happened” we can then start to deal with the problems.
   For me, I had seen posters denouncing bullying my whole life, but I
   didn’t ‘feel’ support, I didn’t see in the faces of my teachers that
   there was care enough for me to help me. That responsibility lies in
   us. I see bullying in the faces of kids in the school that I work in, I
   see bullying in the ways that my own friends have been treated online,
   and I see it even in the way that adults interact with each other. It’s
   up to those of us that have had enough to decide what is acceptable in
   our society, and bullying isn’t one of them.

   So, for this Anti-Bullying Day, I challenge you to make your
   communities a safer place for all in it. Help me and those around you
   create a kinder and more supportive environment that helps to foster
   diversity and acceptance but also shows those that are intolerant of
   other people’s differences that they aren’t the ones with all the
   power.  I was recently asked why so many of my photos have messages in
   them, sometimes literally and sometimes figuratively and my answer was
   this:

   I feel that my own life is a collection and reflection of the
   experiences that I’ve been witness to. In my own art I hope to create
   images that when someone sees them, they feel something. I  want
   someone to see a photo of mine that says “Be Kind” or “Be The Change”
   or has a peace symbol in it to know that I care. I care about a world
   that is loving and kind and that cares about the other people in it.
   That is why I do what I do and why I think that it’s important to be a
   voice of change. I create these pieces for myself, to remind myself to
   be kind, to be loving, to give back. I create them for those that feel
   hurt, that feel alone or isolated and I hope that they see my work and
   feel connected, they feel a kindred heart out there wanting them to
   keep going. I create them for the bullies too, in hopes that if they
   see enough messages of kindness and goodness that they’ll start to
   realize that hate is the minority. All we can do though, is change on
   behalf of each of us.

   I’ll leave this with a simple quote that means so much to be that I
   have it permanently marked on my wrist

   “You Must Be The Change You Wish To See In The World” – Mahatma Gandhi

   and I highly suggest you watch this powerful video by Canadian poet
   Shane Koyczan

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/ltun92DfnPY?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide
   =2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&wmode=transparent

   Be The Change

   Posted in Uncategorized

   Feb·27

                                Post navigation

   ← Older posts

Flickr Photos

   Time Is Fleeting "Open A Door to Opportunity" Connect
   More Photos

Follow Blog via Email

   Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications
   of new posts by email.

   ____________________

   (BUTTON) Follow

Recent Posts

     * It’s A Big But Small World
     * Tales From The Road #3
     * Tales From The Road – #2
     * Tales from the Trophy Tour – Part 1!
     * The Wild Ones – The Summer of Sharing Happiness

   Search ____________________ Search

Framed

Links

     * Etsy

Categories

   Categories[Select Category]

Archives

     * February 2014
     * December 2013
     * October 2013
     * September 2013
     * June 2013
     * April 2013
     * March 2013
     * February 2013
     * January 2013
     * December 2012
     * November 2012
     * October 2012
     * August 2012
     * July 2012
     * June 2012
     * May 2012
     * April 2012
     * March 2012
     * February 2012
     * January 2012
     * December 2011
     * November 2011

   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   Cancel Reblog Post

   Close and accept Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By
   continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
   To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie
   Policy
   This is an OpenID server

