   NASA
   NASA Science Mars Exploration Program
   Skip Navigation
   menu

NEWS | February 13, 2019

NASA's Opportunity Rover Mission on Mars Comes to End

   Opportunity Catches its Shadow

   Both Shadow and Substance: The dramatic image of NASA's Mars
   Exploration Rover Opportunity’s shadow was taken on sol 180 (July 26,
   2004), by the rover's front hazard-avoidance camera as the rover moved
   farther into Endurance Crater in the Meridiani Planum region of Mars.
   Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech. Full image and caption ›

   One of the most successful and enduring feats of interplanetary
   exploration, NASA's Opportunity rover mission is at an end after almost
   15 years exploring the surface of Mars and helping lay the groundwork
   for NASA's return to the Red Planet.

   The Opportunity rover stopped communicating with Earth when a severe
   Mars-wide dust storm blanketed its location in June 2018. After more
   than a thousand commands to restore contact, engineers in the Space
   Flight Operations Facility at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL)
   made their last attempt to revive Opportunity Tuesday, to no avail. The
   solar-powered rover's final communication was received June 10.

   "It is because of trailblazing missions such as Opportunity that there
   will come a day when our brave astronauts walk on the surface of Mars,"
   said NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine. "And when that day arrives,
   some portion of that first footprint will be owned by the men and women
   of Opportunity, and a little rover that defied the odds and did so much
   in the name of exploration."

   Designed to last just 90 Martian days and travel 1,100 yards (1,000
   meters), Opportunity vastly surpassed all expectations in its
   endurance, scientific value and longevity. In addition to exceeding its
   life expectancy by 60 times, the rover traveled more than 28 miles (45
   kilometers) by the time it reached its most appropriate final resting
   spot on Mars — Perseverance Valley.

   Opportunity's View Downhill Catches Martian Shadows Opportunity's View
   Downhill Catches Martian Shadows: his mosaic scene combining five
   images from the navigation camera (Navcam) on NASA's Mars Exploration
   Rover Opportunity shows a view from inside the upper end of
   "Perseverance Valley" on the inner slope of Endeavour Crater's western
   rim. Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech Full image and caption ›

   "For more than a decade, Opportunity has been an icon in the field of
   planetary exploration, teaching us about Mars' ancient past as a wet,
   potentially habitable planet, and revealing uncharted Martian
   landscapes," said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for NASA's
   Science Mission Directorate. "Whatever loss we feel now must be
   tempered with the knowledge that the legacy of Opportunity continues —
   both on the surface of Mars with the Curiosity rover and InSight lander
   — and in the clean rooms of JPL, where the upcoming Mars 2020 rover is
   taking shape."

   The final transmission, sent via the 70-meter Mars Station antenna at
   NASA's Goldstone Deep Space Complex in California, ended a
   multifaceted, eight-month recovery strategy in an attempt to compel the
   rover to communicate.

   “We have made every reasonable engineering effort to try to recover
   Opportunity and have determined that the likelihood of receiving a
   signal is far too low to continue recovery efforts," said John Callas,
   manager of the Mars Exploration Rover (MER) project at JPL.

   Opportunity Self-Portrait
   Opportunity Self-Portrait: Opportunity used its panoramic camera to
   take the images combined into this mosaic view of the rover. Image
   Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell. Full image and caption ›

   Opportunity landed in the Meridiani Planum region of Mars on Jan. 24,
   2004, seven months after its launch from Cape Canaveral Air Force
   Station in Florida. Its twin rover, Spirit, landed 20 days earlier in
   the 103-mile-wide (166-kilometer-wide) Gusev Crater on the other side
   of Mars. Spirit logged almost 5 miles (8 kilometers) before its mission
   wrapped up in May 2011.

   From the day Opportunity landed, a team of mission engineers, rover
   drivers and scientists on Earth collaborated to overcome challenges and
   get the rover from one geologic site on Mars to the next. They plotted
   workable avenues over rugged terrain so that the 384-pound
   (174-kilogram) Martian explorer could maneuver around and, at times,
   over rocks and boulders, climb gravel-strewn slopes as steep as
   32-degrees (an off-Earth record), probe crater floors, summit hills and
   traverse possible dry riverbeds. Its final venture brought it to the
   western limb of Perseverance Valley.

   "I cannot think of a more appropriate place for Opportunity to endure
   on the surface of Mars than one called Perseverance Valley," said
   Michael Watkins, director of JPL. "The records, discoveries and sheer
   tenacity of this intrepid little rover is testament to the ingenuity,
   dedication, and perseverance of the people who built and guided her."

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/1Ll-VHYxWXU

   Drive along with the NASA’s Opportunity Mars rover and hear the voices
   of scientists and engineers behind the mission. Designed to run for 90
   days, the exploration spanned more than 15 years from 2004 to 2019.
   Along the way, it discovered definitive proof of liquid water on
   ancient Mars and set the off-world driving record. Credits:
   NASA/JPL-Caltech. Download Video ›

   More Opportunity Achievements
     * Set a one-day Mars driving record March 20, 2005, when it traveled
       721 feet (220 meters).
     * Returned more than 217,000 images, including 15 360-degree color
       panoramas.
     * Exposed the surfaces of 52 rocks to reveal fresh mineral surfaces
       for analysis and cleared 72 additional targets with a brush to
       prepare them for inspection with spectrometers and a microscopic
       imager.
     * Found hematite, a mineral that forms in water, at its landing site.
     * Discovered strong indications at Endeavour Crater of the action of
       ancient water similar to the drinkable water of a pond or lake on
       Earth.

   All of the off-roading and on-location scientific analyses were in
   service of the Mars Exploration Rovers' primary objective: To seek out
   historical evidence of the Red Planet's climate and water at sites
   where conditions may once have been favorable for life. Because liquid
   water is required for life, as we know it, Opportunity's discoveries
   implied that conditions at Meridiani Planum may have been habitable for
   some period of time in Martian history.

   "From the get-go, Opportunity delivered on our search for evidence
   regarding water," said Steve Squyres, principal investigator of the
   rovers' science payload at Cornell University. "And when you combine
   the discoveries of Opportunity and Spirit, they showed us that ancient
   Mars was a very different place from Mars today, which is a cold, dry,
   desolate world. But if you look to its ancient past, you find
   compelling evidence for liquid water below the surface and liquid water
   at the surface."

   Dusty Mars Rover Selfie
   Dusty Mars Rover Selfie: This self portait from NASA's Mars Exploration
   Rover Opportunity shows dust accumulation on the rover's solar panels
   as the mission approached its fifth Martian winter. Image Credit:
   NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. Full image and caption ›

   All those accomplishments were not without the occasional
   extraterrestrial impediment. In 2005 alone, Opportunity lost steering
   to one of its front wheels, a stuck heater threatened to severely limit
   the rover's available power, and a Martian sand ripple almost trapped
   it for good. Two years later, a two-month dust storm imperiled the
   rover before relenting. In 2015, Opportunity lost use of its
   256-megabyte flash memory and, in 2017, it lost steering to its other
   front wheel.

   Each time the rover faced an obstacle, Opportunity's team on Earth
   found and implemented a solution that enabled the rover to bounce back.
   However, the massive dust storm that took shape in the summer of 2018
   proved too much for history's most senior Mars explorer.

   "When I think of Opportunity, I will recall that place on Mars where
   our intrepid rover far exceeded everyone's expectations," Callas said.
   "But what I suppose I'll cherish most is the impact Opportunity had on
   us here on Earth. It's the accomplished exploration and phenomenal
   discoveries. It's the generation of young scientists and engineers who
   became space explorers with this mission. It's the public that followed
   along with our every step. And it's the technical legacy of the Mars
   Exploration Rovers, which is carried aboard Curiosity and the upcoming
   Mars 2020 mission. Farewell, Opportunity, and well done."

   Mars exploration continues unabated. NASA's InSight lander, which
   touched down on Nov. 26, is just beginning its scientific
   investigations. The Curiosity rover has been exploring Gale Crater for
   more than six years. And, NASA's Mars 2020 rover and the European Space
   Agency's ExoMars rover both will launch in July 2020, becoming the
   first rover missions designed to seek signs of past microbial life on
   the Red Planet.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/TPXU_uQThGo?rel=0

   Tour the Spacecraft Assembly Facility at NASA's Jet Propulsion
   Laboratory and see the Mars 2020 mission under construction. Project
   System Engineer Jennifer Trosper explains the hardware being built and
   tested, including the rover, descent stage, cruise stage, back shell
   and heat shield. This NASA mission is preparing to launch to the Red
   Planet in 2020 and land in 2021. JPL managed the Mars Exploration
   Rovers Opportunity and Spirit for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in
   Washington. For more information about the agency's Mars Exploration
   program, visit:

   https://www.nasa.gov/mars

   News Media Contact
   DC Agle
   Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.
   818-393-9011
   agle@jpl.nasa.gov

   Dwayne Brown / JoAnna Wendel
   NASA Headquarters, Washington
   202-358-1726 / 202-358-1003
   dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov / joanna.r.wendel@nasa.gov

Related images and videos

     * Engineers and technicians working on the Mars 2020 spacecraft look
       on as a crane lifts the rocket-powered descent stage away from the
       rover after a test.
       NASA Mars 2020 Rover Separation Test
     * Engineers attached NASA's Mars Helicopter to the belly of the Mars
       2020 rover on Aug. 27, 2019, at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in
       Pasadena, California.
       Mars Helicopter Installed on Mars 2020 Rover
     * See NASA’s next Mars rover quite literally coming together inside a
       clean room at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
       Building NASA's Mars 2020 Rover

   › more images
   › more videos

   [175, 177, 19]

You Might Also Like

   A crane lifts the rocket-powered descent stage away from NASA's Mars
   2020 rover after technicians tested the pyrotechnic charges that
   separate the two spacecraft.
   More
   NASA's Mars 2020 Rover Tests Descent-Stage Separation
   NASA's Mars 2020 Rover Tests Descent-Stage Separation
   [180, 175, 165]
   Communicating with Curiosity requires creating a plan and transmitting
   it through various networks, including the Deep Space Network.
   More
   Sols 2546-2547: Brrrr - Is It Frosty?
   Sols 2546-2547: Brrrr - Is It Frosty?
   [175, 176, 185]
   Curiosity is continuing through its list of analysis details that take
   place after taking a drill sample. Today’s main activity is a SAM gas
   chromatograph column clean-up.
   More
   Sol 2545: SAM Clean-Up and a Potpourri of Remote Sensing and
   Environmental Observations
   Sol 2545: SAM Clean-Up and a Potpourri of Remote Sensing and
   Environmental Observations
   [175, 176, 185]
   Curiosity has been at this same location for all of August and
   September, which included a number of days of waiting for Mars to pass
   behind the Sun (“conjunction”), drilling two holes, and processing the
   samples.
   More
   Sol 2543: Dumping Dirt on its Back
   Sol 2543: Dumping Dirt on its Back
   [175, 176, 185]
   Today started off with the news that yestersol’s plan did not fully
   complete. There was an issue in the set of planned SAM activities that
   resulted in those activities not completing.
   More
   Sols 2538-2539: An Intermission Filled with Remote Sensing
   Sols 2538-2539: An Intermission Filled with Remote Sensing
   [175, 176, 185]
   Searching for organic molecules in rocks on Mars is no easy task.
   Curiosity’s Sample Analysis at Mars (SAM) instrument is designed to
   analyze the chemical composition of gases, which it creates by slowly
   heating rock samples in an oven.
   More
   Sols 2536-2537: SAM Wet Chemistry Experiment
   Sols 2536-2537: SAM Wet Chemistry Experiment
   [175, 176, 185]
   A letter from NASA was presented to the mayor of Jezero,
   Bosnia-Herzegovina, honoring the connection between the town and Jezero
   Crater, the Mars 2020 rover landing site.
   More
   NASA Mars Mission Connects With Bosnian and Herzegovinian Town
   NASA Mars Mission Connects With Bosnian and Herzegovinian Town
   [180, 175, 165]
   Planning for this past week has centered on analyzing the high
   potassium drill sample, Glen Etive 2, using the Sample Analysis at Mars
   (SAM) instrument.
   More
   Sols 2533-2535: SAM's Starring Role!
   Sols 2533-2535: SAM's Starring Role!
   [176, 175, 185]
   In Monday's plan, we did portion drop tests of our "Glen Etive 2" drill
   sample, and this morning we were greeted with nice images of the sample
   piles.
   More
   Sol 2531 - 2532: Three Portions to Inlet 1 and Straight on till SAM
   Sol 2531 - 2532: Three Portions to Inlet 1 and Straight on till SAM
   [176, 175, 185]
   You have until Sept. 30 to send your names to Mars aboard the Mars 2020
   rover.
   More
   Deadline Closing for Names to Fly on NASA's Next Mars Rover
   Deadline Closing for Names to Fly on NASA's Next Mars Rover
   [180, 175, 165]
   Please welcome our 23rd drill hole on Mars! Coming in at ~43 mm depth,
   and both the rover and new drill hole are happy and healthy! Curiosity
   drilled into the same block as our previous drill target over the
   weekend,
   More
   Sols 2529-2530: #23!
   Sols 2529-2530: #23!
   [176, 175, 185]
   NASA-JPL's coverage of the Mars InSight landing earns one of the two
   wins, making this the NASA center's second Emmy.
   More
   NASA Wins Two Emmy Awards for Interactive Mission Coverage
   NASA Wins Two Emmy Awards for Interactive Mission Coverage
   [183, 175, 165]

Follow the Journey

   twitter facebook instagram rss

The Red Planet

     *
          + Dashboard
          + Science Goals
          + The Planet
          + Atmosphere
          + Astrobiology
          + Past, Present, Future, Timeline

The Program

     *
          + Mission Statement
          + About the Program
          + Organization
          + Why Mars?
          + Research Programs
          + Planetary Resources
          + Technologies

News & Events

     *
          + News
          + Events

Multimedia

     *
          + Images
          + Videos

Missions

     *
          + Past
          + Present
          + Future
          + International Partners

More

     *

     * NASA Science Mission Directorate
     * Privacy
     * Image Policy
     * Feedback
     * Legacy Mars Site

   Managed by the Mars Exploration Program and the Jet Propulsion
   Laboratory for NASA’s Science Mission Directorate
