   Dépôt de marque INPI
   Coversheet

                           Dépôt de marque INPI

                                [Marque.jpg]
     __________________________________________________________________

                                 Coversheet

   [Coversheet.jpg]
   [espaceur.gif]

DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION AGREEMENT

1. Definitions

   “You” and “your” refers to the individual or entity that wishes to
   register a domain name using the registration services provided by
   CORE.

   “We” and “us” refers to Internet Council of Registrars (“CORE”), with
   domicile in World Trade Centre II, 29 Route de Pre-Bois, CH1215,
   Geneva, Switzerland.

   “French-Connexion”  refers to the CORE member through which your
   application is processed.

   “Agreement” refers to this Domain Name Registration Agreement.

   “Registry Operator” refers to the entity responsible for managing and
   operating the registry where the domain name is registered. Currently
   the existing registry operators are: Verisign for .com/.org/.net;
   Afilias Limited for .info; NeuLevel, Inc. for .biz.

2.      Enforceability of the Agreement

   The Agreement shall not be effective until and if accepted by us. The
   registration of the domain name shall imply our acceptance of the
   Agreement. Upon acceptance of the Agreement its terms and conditions
   shall be binding for both parties.

3.      Submission of the Agreement

   We are an accredited registrar of Internet Corporation for Assigned
   Names and Numbers (“ICANN”)  under an agreement between ICANN and us
   (“ICANN Agreement”). You also acknowledge that we have also entered
   into an agreement with  the Registry Operator  (the “Registry Operator
   Agreement”) .

   Therefore, you acknowledge that we may modify the Agreement if
   necessary to comply with the ICANN Agreement or the Registry Operator
   Agreement, or in general with the ICANN policies or the Registry
   Operator Policies, that may be adopted from time to time.

4.      Your Data

   4.1.   As part of the registration process you are required to provide
   us with the following  information: a) your full name, postal address,
   e-mail address, voice telephone number, and fax number if available; b)
   the name of an authorized person for contact purposes in case of a
   registrant that is an organization, association or corporation; c) the
   IP addresses of the primary nameserver and secondary nameserver for the
   domain name; c) the corresponding names of those nameservers; d) the
   full name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and
   fax number if available of the administrative contact for the domain
   name; e) the name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone
   number, and fax number if available of the technical contact
   (support@french-connexion.fr); and to update it, keep it current,
   accurate and complete at all times.

   Without prejudice to the above, French-Connexion may request other
   relevant data that may be kept by French-Connexion in order to
   facilitate the commercial relationship with you.

   4.2.   You agree to respond within fifteen (15) calendar days to
   inquiries from us concerning the accuracy of your Data.

   4.3.    You acknowledge that your Data will be:

   4.3.1.       transmitted to the Registry Operator for registry use

   4.3.2.       publicly available through the Whois Database Service

   4.3.3.      made available to ICANN for inspection

   4.3.4.   included and kept in our databases for the provision of
   registration services

   4.3.5.   included and kept in “French-Connexion” databases for the
   maintenance and development of the commercial relationship.

   4.4.    Your Data will be held and processed by us, “French-Connexion”,
   ICANN and the corresponding Registry Operator, for the purposes
   indicated above. By accepting this Agreement, you consent to the use of
   your Data as described above, and to the transfer of data to the
   abovementioned recipients.

   4.5.   Furthermore, subject to the policies implemented by ICANN, we
   may need to provide third-party bulk access to your Data for commercial
   purposes. Prior to providing third party bulk access to your Data we
   will obtain an  agreement in writing from such party by which it
   commits not to use your Data for mass, unsolicited, commercial
   advertising purposes (spam).

   4.6.    With respect to third party individuals personal data that you
   provide us with, you guarantee that you have informed to such third
   party individuals of the intended uses and recepients of their personal
   data and have obtained of such third party individuals the
   corresponding consent.

   4.7.    You may request us a copy of your Data in our possession to
   review, modify or update it.

   4.8.     We will not process your Data in a manner incompatible with
   the purposes and uses mentioned above. We will take reasonable
   precautions to protect your Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access
   or disclosure, alteration or destruction.

   5.        Policies of use

   You agree that the domain name shall be in accordance with the syntaxis
   norms established by ICANN, and shall not consist of any of the
   reserved names established by the Registry Operator. Said norms and
   policies can be found at the web page of ICANN www.icann.org. You
   acknowledge that a domain name registered against the syntaxis norms or
   the reserved names may be cancelled. We will not be liable in any case
   for such cancellation.

6.      Licenses of the Domain Name and Agents

   You will remain responsible for all obligations under this Agreement
   even if you license use of the domain name to a third party.  You
   accept liability for any harm caused by wrongful use of the domain
   name, unless you promptly disclose the identity of the licensee to a
   party providing you reasonable evidence of actionable harm.

   You agree that if this Agreement is completed by anyone on your behalf,
   acting as your agent, you are nonetheless bound as a principal by all
   terms and conditions provided herein, including the Dispute Policy.

7.      Breach of the Agreement

   You acknowledge that wilfully providing inaccurate or unreliable
   information or willfuly failing to update information promptly will
   constitute a material breach of this Agreement and be a basis for its
   cancellation.

   Furthermore, you acknowledge that failure to respond for over fifteen
   calendar days to our inquiries concerning the accuracy of contact
   details associated by the domain name registration will constitute a
   material breach of this Agreement and be a basis for its cancellation.

8.      Domain Name Dispute Policy

   You agree to be bound by our current Domain Name Dispute Policy
   (“Dispute Policy”) and the Dispute Policy procedures. The Dispute
   Policy and the Dispute Policy procedures are incorporated in this
   Agreement by reference, and can be found at http://www.corenic.org. You
   agree that we, at our sole discretion, may modify the Dispute Policy at
   any time. You agree that maintaining the registration of a domain name
   after modifications to the Dispute Policy become effective constitutes
   your continued acceptance of said modifications. If you do not agree to
   such a modification, you may request that your domain name be deleted.

   Any disputes regarding to registration or use of your domain name will
   be subject to the Dispute Policy. You agree that you will be subject to
   the provisions specified in the Dispute Policy in effect at the time
   your domain name is challenged by a third party. In this sense, you
   expressly submit to the jurisdicton of i) the courts of our registered
   domicile, ii) the courts of your domicile as indicated in our Whois
   database at the time of submission of the claim iii) and to the courts
   of the domicile of [insert name of member], being its registered
   domicile [insert address here]. You also agree that in the event a
   domain name dispute arises with any third party, you will indemnify and
   hold us harmless pursuant to the terms and conditions contained in the
   Dispute Policy.

9.      Cancellation, suspension of the Domain Name

   You acknowledge that (i) if you wilfully provide inaccurate or
   unreliable information or willfuly fail to update information promptly
   and (ii) if you fail to follow the policies of use established by the
   ICANN and the Registry Operator, will constitute a material breach of
   this agreement and that it will entitle us to cause the cancellation of
   your  registration.

   You understand and accept that your domain name registration may be
   cancelled, suspended or transferred pursuant to any ICANN adopted
   specification or policy or pursuant to any registrar or registry
   procedure not inconsistend with an ICANN adopted specification (i) to
   correct mistakes by us or the Registry Operator in registering the
   name, including but not limited to, the cancellation, within forty-five
   (45) days from registration, of your domain name when its registration
   has taken place as a result of a previous erroneous cancellation; or
   (ii) for the resolution of disputes concerning the domain name.

   You understand and accept that the Registry Operator may cause the
   cancellation or transfer of your registration that it deems necessary,
   in its discretion, to protect the stability or the registry, to comply
   with any applicable laws, government rules or requirements, requests of
   law enforcement, or to avoid any liability, civil or criminal, on the
   part of the Registry Operator or us as well as its or our affiliates,
   subsidiaries, officers, directors and employees.

    We and the Registry Operator reserve the right to put your domain name
   on hold during resolution of a dispute.

   We reserve the right to suspend or cancel your domain name in the event
   that you use the domain name to send unsolicited commercial
   advertisements in contradiction to either appliable laws or customary
   acceptable usage policies of the Internet, or if you use your domain
   name in connection with unlawful activity.

   You understand that we will have to cause the cancellation of your
   domain name registration if we receive a notification to that effect
   issued by a competent authority under the relevant applicable laws.

10.    Limitation of Liability

   You accept that we shall not be liable to you for (i) any loss of
   registration of a domain name for whatever reason not due to our
   negligence or wiful misconduct; (ii) access delays, system errors or
   failures or interruptions to our registration system; (iii)
   non-delivery or misdelivery of data between you and us; (iv) events
   beyond our reasonable control; (v) events produced pursuant to the
   instructions received from the Registry Operator or ICANN; (vi) the
   failure of you or your agent to pay any fees hereunder; (vii) the
   application of the Dispute Policy.

   In no event shall our liability arising out of this agreement, the
   claim of any third party, or the termination of this agreement, exceed
   the amounts effectively paid by you to us (or to the French-Connexion)
   pursuant to this agreement.  In no event shall we have any liability
   for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, however
   caused and on any theory of liability, including but not limited to
   loss of anticipated profits, even if it has been advised of the
   possibility of such damages.

   You acknowledge that we are not part of any terms or condition that
   French-Connexion may establish in connection with the payment of the
   domain names.  In this sense, we will not be responsible for any action
   or omission that French-Connexion may take in order to obtain complete
   payment of the amounts due.

11.    Indemnity

   You represent and warrant to us that to the best of your knowledge
   neither the registration of the domain name or the maneer in which it
   is directly or indirectly used infringes the legal rights of any third
   parties.

   You shall indemnify and hold harmless the Registry Operator and us and
   its or ours directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against
   any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses
   (including reasonalbe legal fees and expenses) arising out of or
   related to  your domain name registration or use thereof. This
   indemnification is in addition to any indemnification required under
   the Dispute Policy.

12.    Applicable law & Jurisdiction

   This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Switzerland.

   Any claim, dispute or other matter in question with respect to or
   arising under this agreement or the breach thereof shall be decided by
   either the Courts of your domicile, as indicated in our Whois database
   at the time of submission of the claim, or  the courts of our
   registered domicile.

13.    General

   This agreement contains our entire agreement and there are no other
   promises or conditions in any other agreement whether oral or written.
   This Agreement supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between
   you and us .

   Neither of us shall be liable for any loss or damage due to delays in
   its delivery or performance, for its failure to manufacture, deliver or
   perform, arising out of any cause beyond its reasonable control.

   If any provision of this agreement shall be held to be invalid or
   unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall continue
   to be valid and enforceable.  If a court finds that any provision of
   this agreement is invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such
   provision it would become valid or enforceable, then such provision
   shall be deemed to be written, construed, and enforced as so limited.

14.    Special Provision for .info

   Should you wish to register a domain name under the .info TLD, in
   addition to the above terms and conditions, you agree to be bound by
   the following specific terms and conditions.

   14.1.       In addition to the tems and conditions in connection with
   the use and process of your Data, you also consent to the use, copying,
   distribution, publication, modification and other processing of your
   Data by the Registry Operator, its designees and agents in a manner
   consistent with the purposes specified pursuant to this Agreement.

   14.2.       You agree to submit to proceedings commenced under ICANN’s
   Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (“UDRP”). The UDRP is
   incorporated to this Agreement by reference and can be found at
   http://www.icann.org. This policy is subject to modifications

   14.3.       You agree to comply with the requirements set forth by the
   Registry Operator for domain names registered during the Sunrise
   Period, including the mandatory Sunrise Dispute Resolution Policy
   (“SDRP”), which are incorporated to this Agreement by reference and can
   be found at http://www.afilias.info.  This policy is subject to
   modifications.

   14.4.       You acknowledge that the Registry Operator will have no
   liability of any kind for any loss or liability resulting from the
   proceedings and processes relating to the Sunrise Period or the Land
   Rush Period, including, without limitation: (a) your ability or
   inability to obtain a domain name during these periods, and (b) the
   results of any dispute over a Sunrise Registration.
   [espaceur.gif]

Rules for Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy

   (As Approved by ICANN on October 24, 1999)

   Administrative proceedings for the resolution of disputes under the
   Uniform Dispute Resolution Policy adopted by ICANN shall be governed by
   these Rules and also the Supplemental Rules of the Provider
   administering the proceedings, as posted on its web site.

   1. Definitions

   In these Rules:

     Complainant means the party initiating a complaint concerning a
     domain-name registration.

     ICANN refers to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and
     Numbers.

     Mutual Jurisdiction means a court jurisdiction at the location of
     either (a) the principal office of the Registrar (provided the
     domain-name holder has submitted in its Registration Agreement to
     that jurisdiction for court adjudication of disputes concerning or
     arising from the use of the domain name) or (b) the domain-name
     holder's address as shown for the registration of the domain name in
     Registrar's Whois database at the time the complaint is submitted to
     the Provider.

     Panel means an administrative panel appointed by a Provider to
     decide a complaint concerning a domain-name registration.

     Panelist means an individual appointed by a Provider to be a member
     of a Panel.

     Party means a Complainant or a Respondent.

     Policy means the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy that
     is incorporated by reference and made a part of the Registration
     Agreement.

     Provider means a dispute-resolution service provider approved by
     ICANN. A list of such Providers appears at
     www.icann.org/udrp/approved-providers.htm.

     Registrar means the entity with which the Respondent has registered
     a domain name that is the subject of a complaint.

     Registration Agreement means the agreement between a Registrar and a
     domain-name holder.

     Respondent means the holder of a domain-name registration against
     which a complaint is initiated.

     Reverse Domain Name Hijacking means using the Policy in bad faith to
     attempt to deprive a registered domain-name holder of a domain name.

     Supplemental Rules means the rules adopted by the Provider
     administering a proceeding to supplement these Rules. Supplemental
     Rules shall not be inconsistent with the Policy or these Rules and
     shall cover such topics as fees, word and page limits and
     guidelines, the means for communicating with the Provider and the
     Panel, and the form of cover sheets.

   2. Communications

     (a) When forwarding a complaint to the Respondent, it shall be the
     Provider's responsibility to employ reasonably available means
     calculated to achieve actual notice to Respondent. Achieving actual
     notice, or employing the following measures to do so, shall
     discharge this responsibility:

     (i) sending the complaint to all postal-mail and facsimile addresses
     (A) shown in the domain name's registration data in Registrar's
     Whois database for the registered domain-name holder, the technical
     contact, and the administrative contact and (B) supplied by
     Registrar to the Provider for the registration's billing contact;
     and

     (ii) sending the complaint in electronic form (including annexes to
     the extent available in that form) by e-mail to:

     (A) the e-mail addresses for those technical, administrative, and
     billing contacts;

     (B) postmaster@<the contested domain name>; and

     (C) if the domain name (or "www." followed by the domain name)
     resolves to an active web page (other than a generic page the
     Provider concludes is maintained by a registrar or ISP for parking
     domain-names registered by multiple domain-name holders), any e-mail
     address shown or e-mail links on that web page; and

     (iii) sending the complaint to any address the Respondent has
     notified the Provider it prefers and, to the extent practicable, to
     all other addresses provided to the Provider by Complainant under
     Paragraph 3(b)(v).

     (b) Except as provided in Paragraph 2(a), any written communication
     to Complainant or Respondent provided for under these Rules shall be
     made by the preferred means stated by the Complainant or Respondent,
     respectively (see Paragraphs 3(b)(iii) and 5(b)(iii)), or in the
     absence of such specification

     (i) by telecopy or facsimile transmission, with a confirmation of
     transmission; or

     (ii) by postal or courier service, postage pre-paid and return
     receipt requested; or

     (iii) electronically via the Internet, provided a record of its
     transmission is available.

     (c) Any communication to the Provider or the Panel shall be made by
     the means and in the manner (including number of copies) stated in
     the Provider's Supplemental Rules.

     (d) Communications shall be made in the language prescribed in
     Paragraph 11. E-mail communications should, if practicable, be sent
     in plaintext.

     (e) Either Party may update its contact details by notifying the
     Provider and the Registrar.

     (f) Except as otherwise provided in these Rules, or decided by a
     Panel, all communications provided for under these Rules shall be
     deemed to have been made:

     (i) if delivered by telecopy or facsimile transmission, on the date
     shown on the confirmation of transmission; or

     (ii) if by postal or courier service, on the date marked on the
     receipt; or

     (iii) if via the Internet, on the date that the communication was
     transmitted, provided that the date of transmission is verifiable.

     (g) Except as otherwise provided in these Rules, all time periods
     calculated under these Rules to begin when a communication is made
     shall begin to run on the earliest date that the communication is
     deemed to have been made in accordance with Paragraph 2(f).

     (h) Any communication by

     (i) a Panel to any Party shall be copied to the Provider and to the
     other Party;

     (ii) the Provider to any Party shall be copied to the other Party;
     and

     (iii) a Party shall be copied to the other Party, the Panel and the
     Provider, as the case may be.

     (i) It shall be the responsibility of the sender to retain records
     of the fact and circumstances of sending, which shall be available
     for inspection by affected parties and for reporting purposes.

     (j) In the event a Party sending a communication receives
     notification of non-delivery of the communication, the Party shall
     promptly notify the Panel (or, if no Panel is yet appointed, the
     Provider) of the circumstances of the notification. Further
     proceedings concerning the communication and any response shall be
     as directed by the Panel (or the Provider).

   3. The Complaint

     (a) Any person or entity may initiate an administrative proceeding
     by submitting a complaint in accordance with the Policy and these
     Rules to any Provider approved by ICANN. (Due to capacity
     constraints or for other reasons, a Provider's ability to accept
     complaints may be suspended at times. In that event, the Provider
     shall refuse the submission. The person or entity may submit the
     complaint to another Provider.)

     (b) The complaint shall be submitted in hard copy and (except to the
     extent not available for annexes) in electronic form and shall:

     (i) Request that the complaint be submitted for decision in
     accordance with the Policy and these Rules;

     (ii) Provide the name, postal and e-mail addresses, and the
     telephone and telefax numbers of the Complainant and of any
     representative authorized to act for the Complainant in the
     administrative proceeding;

     (iii) Specify a preferred method for communications directed to the
     Complainant in the administrative proceeding (including person to be
     contacted, medium, and address information) for each of (A)
     electronic-only material and (B) material including hard copy;

     (iv) Designate whether Complainant elects to have the dispute
     decided by a single-member or a three-member Panel and, in the event
     Complainant elects a three-member Panel, provide the names and
     contact details of three candidates to serve as one of the Panelists
     (these candidates may be drawn from any ICANN-approved Provider's
     list of panelists);

     (v) Provide the name of the Respondent (domain-name holder) and all
     information (including any postal and e-mail addresses and telephone
     and telefax numbers) known to Complainant regarding how to contact
     Respondent or any representative of Respondent, including contact
     information based on pre-complaint dealings, in sufficient detail to
     allow the Provider to send the complaint as described in Paragraph
     2(a);

     (vi) Specify the domain name(s) that is/are the subject of the
     complaint;

     (vii) Identify the Registrar(s) with whom the domain name(s) is/are
     registered at the time the complaint is filed;

     (viii) Specify the trademark(s) or service mark(s) on which the
     complaint is based and, for each mark, describe the goods or
     services, if any, with which the mark is used (Complainant may also
     separately describe other goods and services with which it intends,
     at the time the complaint is submitted, to use the mark in the
     future.);

     (ix) Describe, in accordance with the Policy, the grounds on which
     the complaint is made including, in particular,

     (1) the manner in which the domain name(s) is/are identical or
     confusingly similar to a trademark or service mark in which the
     Complainant has rights; and

     (2) why the Respondent (domain-name holder) should be considered as
     having no rights or legitimate interests in respect of the domain
     name(s) that is/are the subject of the complaint; and

     (3) why the domain name(s) should be considered as having been
     registered and being used in bad faith

     (The description should, for elements (2) and (3), discuss any
     aspects of Paragraphs 4(b) and 4(c) of the Policy that are
     applicable. The description shall comply with any word or page limit
     set forth in the Provider's Supplemental Rules.);

     (x) Specify, in accordance with the Policy, the remedies sought;

     (xi) Identify any other legal proceedings that have been commenced
     or terminated in connection with or relating to any of the domain
     name(s) that are the subject of the complaint;

     (xii) State that a copy of the complaint, together with the cover
     sheet as prescribed by the Provider's Supplemental Rules, has been
     sent or transmitted to the Respondent (domain-name holder), in
     accordance with Paragraph 2(b);

     (xiii) State that Complainant will submit, with respect to any
     challenges to a decision in the administrative proceeding canceling
     or transferring the domain name, to the jurisdiction of the courts
     in at least one specified Mutual Jurisdiction;

     (xiv) Conclude with the following statement followed by the
     signature of the Complainant or its authorized representative:

     "Complainant agrees that its claims and remedies concerning the
     registration of the domain name, the dispute, or the dispute's
     resolution shall be solely against the domain-name holder and waives
     all such claims and remedies against (a) the dispute-resolution
     provider and panelists, except in the case of deliberate wrongdoing,
     (b) the registrar, (c) the registry administrator, and (d) the
     Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, as well as
     their directors, officers, employees, and agents."

     "Complainant certifies that the information contained in this
     Complaint is to the best of Complainant's knowledge complete and
     accurate, that this Complaint is not being presented for any
     improper purpose, such as to harass, and that the assertions in this
     Complaint are warranted under these Rules and under applicable law,
     as it now exists or as it may be extended by a good-faith and
     reasonable argument."; and

     (xv) Annex any documentary or other evidence, including a copy of
     the Policy applicable to the domain name(s) in dispute and any
     trademark or service mark registration upon which the complaint
     relies, together with a schedule indexing such evidence.

     (c) The complaint may relate to more than one domain name, provided
     that the domain names are registered by the same domain-name holder.

   4. Notification of Complaint

     (a) The Provider shall review the complaint for administrative
     compliance with the Policy and these Rules and, if in compliance,
     shall forward the complaint (together with the explanatory cover
     sheet prescribed by the Provider's Supplemental Rules) to the
     Respondent, in the manner prescribed by Paragraph 2(a), within three
     (3) calendar days following receipt of the fees to be paid by the
     Complainant in accordance with Paragraph 19.

     (b) If the Provider finds the complaint to be administratively
     deficient, it shall promptly notify the Complainant and the
     Respondent of the nature of the deficiencies identified. The
     Complainant shall have five (5) calendar days within which to
     correct any such deficiencies, after which the administrative
     proceeding will be deemed withdrawn without prejudice to submission
     of a different complaint by Complainant.

     (c) The date of commencement of the administrative proceeding shall
     be the date on which the Provider completes its responsibilities
     under Paragraph 2(a) in connection with forwarding the Complaint to
     the Respondent.

     (d) The Provider shall immediately notify the Complainant, the
     Respondent, the concerned Registrar(s), and ICANN of the date of
     commencement of the administrative proceeding.

   5. The Response

     (a) Within twenty (20) days of the date of commencement of the
     administrative proceeding the Respondent shall submit a response to
     the Provider.

     (b) The response shall be submitted in hard copy and (except to the
     extent not available for annexes) in electronic form and shall:

     (i) Respond specifically to the statements and allegations contained
     in the complaint and include any and all bases for the Respondent
     (domain-name holder) to retain registration and use of the disputed
     domain name (This portion of the response shall comply with any word
     or page limit set forth in the Provider's Supplemental Rules.);

     (ii) Provide the name, postal and e-mail addresses, and the
     telephone and telefax numbers of the Respondent (domain-name holder)
     and of any representative authorized to act for the Respondent in
     the administrative proceeding;

     (iii) Specify a preferred method for communications directed to the
     Respondent in the administrative proceeding (including person to be
     contacted, medium, and address information) for each of (A)
     electronic-only material and (B) material including hard copy;

     (iv) If Complainant has elected a single-member panel in the
     Complaint (see Paragraph 3(b)(iv)), state whether Respondent elects
     instead to have the dispute decided by a three-member panel;

     (v) If either Complainant or Respondent elects a three-member Panel,
     provide the names and contact details of three candidates to serve
     as one of the Panelists (these candidates may be drawn from any
     ICANN-approved Provider's list of panelists);

     (vi) Identify any other legal proceedings that have been commenced
     or terminated in connection with or relating to any of the domain
     name(s) that are the subject of the complaint;

     (vii) State that a copy of the response has been sent or transmitted
     to the Complainant, in accordance with Paragraph 2(b); and

     (viii) Conclude with the following statement followed by the
     signature of the Respondent or its authorized representative:

     "Respondent certifies that the information contained in this
     Response is to the best of Respondent's knowledge complete and
     accurate, that this Response is not being presented for any improper
     purpose, such as to harass, and that the assertions in this Response
     are warranted under these Rules and under applicable law, as it now
     exists or as it may be extended by a good-faith and reasonable
     argument."; and

     (ix) Annex any documentary or other evidence upon which the
     Respondent relies, together with a schedule indexing such documents.

     (c) If Complainant has elected to have the dispute decided by a
     single-member Panel and Respondent elects a three-member Panel,
     Respondent shall be required to pay one-half of the applicable fee
     for a three-member Panel as set forth in the Provider's Supplemental
     Rules. This payment shall be made together with the submission of
     the response to the Provider. In the event that the required payment
     is not made, the dispute shall be decided by a single-member Panel.

     (d) At the request of the Respondent, the Provider may, in
     exceptional cases, extend the period of time for the filing of the
     response. The period may also be extended by written stipulation
     between the Parties, provided the stipulation is approved by the
     Provider.

     (e) If a Respondent does not submit a response, in the absence of
     exceptional circumstances, the Panel shall decide the dispute based
     upon the complaint.

   6. Appointment of the Panel and Timing of Decision

     (a) Each Provider shall maintain and publish a publicly available
     list of panelists and their qualifications.

     (b) If neither the Complainant nor the Respondent has elected a
     three-member Panel (Paragraphs 3(b)(iv) and 5(b)(iv)), the Provider
     shall appoint, within five (5) calendar days following receipt of
     the response by the Provider, or the lapse of the time period for
     the submission thereof, a single Panelist from its list of
     panelists. The fees for a single-member Panel shall be paid entirely
     by the Complainant.

     (c) If either the Complainant or the Respondent elects to have the
     dispute decided by a three-member Panel, the Provider shall appoint
     three Panelists in accordance with the procedures identified in
     Paragraph 6(e). The fees for a three-member Panel shall be paid in
     their entirety by the Complainant, except where the election for a
     three-member Panel was made by the Respondent, in which case the
     applicable fees shall be shared equally between the Parties.

     (d) Unless it has already elected a three-member Panel, the
     Complainant shall submit to the Provider, within five (5) calendar
     days of communication of a response in which the Respondent elects a
     three-member Panel, the names and contact details of three
     candidates to serve as one of the Panelists. These candidates may be
     drawn from any ICANN-approved Provider's list of panelists.

     (e) In the event that either the Complainant or the Respondent
     elects a three-member Panel, the Provider shall endeavor to appoint
     one Panelist from the list of candidates provided by each of the
     Complainant and the Respondent. In the event the Provider is unable
     within five (5) calendar days to secure the appointment of a
     Panelist on its customary terms from either Party's list of
     candidates, the Provider shall make that appointment from its list
     of panelists. The third Panelist shall be appointed by the Provider
     from a list of five candidates submitted by the Provider to the
     Parties, the Provider's selection from among the five being made in
     a manner that reasonably balances the preferences of both Parties,
     as they may specify to the Provider within five (5) calendar days of
     the Provider's submission of the five-candidate list to the Parties.

     (f) Once the entire Panel is appointed, the Provider shall notify
     the Parties of the Panelists appointed and the date by which, absent
     exceptional circumstances, the Panel shall forward its decision on
     the complaint to the Provider.

   7. Impartiality and Independence

   A Panelist shall be impartial and independent and shall have, before
   accepting appointment, disclosed to the Provider any circumstances
   giving rise to justifiable doubt as to the Panelist's impartiality or
   independence. If, at any stage during the administrative proceeding,
   new circumstances arise that could give rise to justifiable doubt as to
   the impartiality or independence of the Panelist, that Panelist shall
   promptly disclose such circumstances to the Provider. In such event,
   the Provider shall have the discretion to appoint a substitute
   Panelist.

   8. Communication Between Parties and the Panel

   No Party or anyone acting on its behalf may have any unilateral
   communication with the Panel. All communications between a Party and
   the Panel or the Provider shall be made to a case administrator
   appointed by the Provider in the manner prescribed in the Provider's
   Supplemental Rules.

   9. Transmission of the File to the Panel

   The Provider shall forward the file to the Panel as soon as the
   Panelist is appointed in the case of a Panel consisting of a single
   member, or as soon as the last Panelist is appointed in the case of a
   three-member Panel.

   10. General Powers of the Panel

     (a) The Panel shall conduct the administrative proceeding in such
     manner as it considers appropriate in accordance with the Policy and
     these Rules.

     (b) In all cases, the Panel shall ensure that the Parties are
     treated with equality and that each Party is given a fair
     opportunity to present its case.

     (c) The Panel shall ensure that the administrative proceeding takes
     place with due expedition. It may, at the request of a Party or on
     its own motion, extend, in exceptional cases, a period of time fixed
     by these Rules or by the Panel.

     (d) The Panel shall determine the admissibility, relevance,
     materiality and weight of the evidence.

     (e) A Panel shall decide a request by a Party to consolidate
     multiple domain name disputes in accordance with the Policy and
     these Rules.

   11. Language of Proceedings

     (a) Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, or specified otherwise
     in the Registration Agreement, the language of the administrative
     proceeding shall be the language of the Registration Agreement,
     subject to the authority of the Panel to determine otherwise, having
     regard to the circumstances of the administrative proceeding.

     (b) The Panel may order that any documents submitted in languages
     other than the language of the administrative proceeding be
     accompanied by a translation in whole or in part into the language
     of the administrative proceeding.

   12. Further Statements

   In addition to the complaint and the response, the Panel may request,
   in its sole discretion, further statements or documents from either of
   the Parties.

   13. In-Person Hearings

   There shall be no in-person hearings (including hearings by
   teleconference, videoconference, and web conference), unless the Panel
   determines, in its sole discretion and as an exceptional matter, that
   such a hearing is necessary for deciding the complaint.

   14. Default

     (a) In the event that a Party, in the absence of exceptional
     circumstances, does not comply with any of the time periods
     established by these Rules or the Panel, the Panel shall proceed to
     a decision on the complaint.

     (b) If a Party, in the absence of exceptional circumstances, does
     not comply with any provision of, or requirement under, these Rules
     or any request from the Panel, the Panel shall draw such inferences
     therefrom as it considers appropriate.

   15. Panel Decisions

     (a) A Panel shall decide a complaint on the basis of the statements
     and documents submitted and in accordance with the Policy, these
     Rules and any rules and principles of law that it deems applicable.

     (b) In the absence of exceptional circumstances, the Panel shall
     forward its decision on the complaint to the Provider within
     fourteen (14) days of its appointment pursuant to Paragraph 6.

     (c) In the case of a three-member Panel, the Panel's decision shall
     be made by a majority.

     (d) The Panel's decision shall be in writing, provide the reasons on
     which it is based, indicate the date on which it was rendered and
     identify the name(s) of the Panelist(s).

     (e) Panel decisions and dissenting opinions shall normally comply
     with the guidelines as to length set forth in the Provider's
     Supplemental Rules. Any dissenting opinion shall accompany the
     majority decision. If the Panel concludes that the dispute is not
     within the scope of Paragraph 4(a) of the Policy, it shall so state.
     If after considering the submissions the Panel finds that the
     complaint was brought in bad faith, for example in an attempt at
     Reverse Domain Name Hijacking or was brought primarily to harass the
     domain-name holder, the Panel shall declare in its decision that the
     complaint was brought in bad faith and constitutes an abuse of the
     administrative proceeding.

   16. Communication of Decision to Parties

     (a) Within three (3) calendar days after receiving the decision from
     the Panel, the Provider shall communicate the full text of the
     decision to each Party, the concerned Registrar(s), and ICANN. The
     concerned Registrar(s) shall immediately communicate to each Party,
     the Provider, and ICANN the date for the implementation of the
     decision in accordance with the Policy.

     (b) Except if the Panel determines otherwise (see Paragraph 4(j) of
     the Policy), the Provider shall publish the full decision and the
     date of its implementation on a publicly accessible web site. In any
     event, the portion of any decision determining a complaint to have
     been brought in bad faith (see Paragraph 15(e) of these Rules) shall
     be published.

   17. Settlement or Other Grounds for Termination

     (a) If, before the Panel's decision, the Parties agree on a
     settlement, the Panel shall terminate the administrative proceeding.

     (b) If, before the Panel's decision is made, it becomes unnecessary
     or impossible to continue the administrative proceeding for any
     reason, the Panel shall terminate the administrative proceeding,
     unless a Party raises justifiable grounds for objection within a
     period of time to be determined by the Panel.

   18. Effect of Court Proceedings

     (a) In the event of any legal proceedings initiated prior to or
     during an administrative proceeding in respect of a domain-name
     dispute that is the subject of the complaint, the Panel shall have
     the discretion to decide whether to suspend or terminate the
     administrative proceeding, or to proceed to a decision.

     (b) In the event that a Party initiates any legal proceedings during
     the pendency of an administrative proceeding in respect of a
     domain-name dispute that is the subject of the complaint, it shall
     promptly notify the Panel and the Provider. See Paragraph 8 above.

   19. Fees

     (a) The Complainant shall pay to the Provider an initial fixed fee,
     in accordance with the Provider's Supplemental Rules, within the
     time and in the amount required. A Respondent electing under
     Paragraph 5(b)(iv) to have the dispute decided by a three-member
     Panel, rather than the single-member Panel elected by the
     Complainant, shall pay the Provider one-half the fixed fee for a
     three-member Panel. See Paragraph 5(c). In all other cases, the
     Complainant shall bear all of the Provider's fees, except as
     prescribed under Paragraph 19(d). Upon appointment of the Panel, the
     Provider shall refund the appropriate portion, if any, of the
     initial fee to the Complainant, as specified in the Provider's
     Supplemental Rules.

     (b) No action shall be taken by the Provider on a complaint until it
     has received from Complainant the initial fee in accordance with
     Paragraph 19(a).

     (c) If the Provider has not received the fee within ten (10)
     calendar days of receiving the complaint, the complaint shall be
     deemed withdrawn and the administrative proceeding terminated.

     (d) In exceptional circumstances, for example in the event an
     in-person hearing is held, the Provider shall request the Parties
     for the payment of additional fees, which shall be established in
     agreement with the Parties and the Panel.

   20. Exclusion of Liability

   Except in the case of deliberate wrongdoing, neither the Provider nor a
   Panelist shall be liable to a Party for any act or omission in
   connection with any administrative proceeding under these Rules.

   21. Amendments

   The version of these Rules in effect at the time of the submission of
   the complaint to the Provider shall apply to the administrative
   proceeding commenced thereby. These Rules may not be amended without
   the express written approval of ICANN.
    #prev next

     * Nouvelles du jour
     * Langue
     * lang-fr
     * lang-en

   Devenir client Mot de passe oublié ? Se connecter

     * Nom de domaine
       Nom de domaine Recherche de disponibilité
       www. ____________________ [.COM_____________________] Submit
          + Nom de domaine
          + Recherche de disponibilité
          + Recherche nouvelles extensions
          + Recherche avancée
          + Transfert vers Domaine.fr
          + Renouvellement
          + Restauration
          + Extensions
          + Consulter tous nos tarifs et conditions
          + Conseils & Assistance
          + FAQ
          + Support
          + Nous contacter
     * Hébergement
       Les formules d'hébergement Quelle solution pour votre site ?
          + Hébergements mutualisés
          + Pack Standard
          + Pack Perso
          + Pack Gold
          + Pack Platinum
          + Serveurs privés virtuels
          + Pack Revendeur
     * Extensions
       Extensions
          + Les nouveautés
          + A vous le .PARIS!
          + Les nouvelles extensions internet sont là !
          + Enregistrement nouvelles extensions
          + Nous contacter
          + La TMCH
          + Mettez vos marques à l'abri du cybersquatting avant qu'il ne
            soit trop tard !
          + Souscrire à l'offre TMCH
          + Nous contacter
          + Certificat SSL
          + Ajouter au panier
          + Recherche & Namelist
          + Réservez dès maintenant vos extensions favorites et créez
            votre namelist
          + Rechercher et créer vos namelists dans les nouvelles
            extensions
          + Nous contacter
     * Suggestion
       Suggestion
          + Surveillance
          + Nous contacter
          + Suggestion
          + Nous contacter
     * Assistance
       Assistance
          + FAQ
          + Aide
          + Nous contacter
          + Ouvrir un ticket
          + Documents légaux
     * Commander (0)
       Commander
          + Total HT 0,00 €
          + TVA (20%) 0,00 €
          + Total TTC 0,00 €

   Accueil / Tarifs

   Vous devez vous connecter ou vous inscrire pour continuer
   ____________________ Rechercher une extension

   Début ← Précédente ... 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... Suivante → Fin
   Extension Pays Prix unitaire Prix restauration Conditions
   esp.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   etc.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   eti.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   far.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   flog.br   -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   fm.br     -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   fnd.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   fot.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   fst.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   g12.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   ggf.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   gov.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   imb.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   ind.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   inf.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   jor.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   jus.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   lel.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   mat.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   med.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €

   Début ← Précédente ... 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... Suivante → Fin

   Domaine.fr est accrédité par les registres suivants :
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre

Nom de domaine

     * Nom de domaine
     * Recherche avancée
     * Pourquoi déposer son nom de domaine ?
     * Tarifs et conditions de domaine.fr
     * Transfert vers Domaine.fr

Hébergement

     * Formules d'hébergement
     * Serveurs privés

Services

     * Services techniques
     * Services juridiques

Suggestion

     * Surveillance
     * Suggestion

Assistance

     * FAQ
     * Aide
     * Nous contacter
     * Ouvrir un ticket
     * Documents légaux

Qui est Domaine.fr ?

     * Historique
     * Nous contacter
     * Domaine.fr recrute
     * Contact Public (RRA ICANN)

   2019 © Domaine.fr. Tous droits réservés | Accueil | Informations
   légales | Conditions générales de vente | 0825 701 700 (appel non
   surtaxé 0.18 euros/mn)
    #prev next

     * Nouvelles du jour
     * Langue
     * lang-fr
     * lang-en

   Devenir client Mot de passe oublié ? Se connecter

     * Nom de domaine
       Nom de domaine Recherche de disponibilité
       www. ____________________ [.COM_____________________] Submit
          + Nom de domaine
          + Recherche de disponibilité
          + Recherche nouvelles extensions
          + Recherche avancée
          + Transfert vers Domaine.fr
          + Renouvellement
          + Restauration
          + Extensions
          + Consulter tous nos tarifs et conditions
          + Conseils & Assistance
          + FAQ
          + Support
          + Nous contacter
     * Hébergement
       Les formules d'hébergement Quelle solution pour votre site ?
          + Hébergements mutualisés
          + Pack Standard
          + Pack Perso
          + Pack Gold
          + Pack Platinum
          + Serveurs privés virtuels
          + Pack Revendeur
     * Extensions
       Extensions
          + Les nouveautés
          + A vous le .PARIS!
          + Les nouvelles extensions internet sont là !
          + Enregistrement nouvelles extensions
          + Nous contacter
          + La TMCH
          + Mettez vos marques à l'abri du cybersquatting avant qu'il ne
            soit trop tard !
          + Souscrire à l'offre TMCH
          + Nous contacter
          + Certificat SSL
          + Ajouter au panier
          + Recherche & Namelist
          + Réservez dès maintenant vos extensions favorites et créez
            votre namelist
          + Rechercher et créer vos namelists dans les nouvelles
            extensions
          + Nous contacter
     * Suggestion
       Suggestion
          + Surveillance
          + Nous contacter
          + Suggestion
          + Nous contacter
     * Assistance
       Assistance
          + FAQ
          + Aide
          + Nous contacter
          + Ouvrir un ticket
          + Documents légaux
     * Commander (0)
       Commander
          + Total HT 0,00 €
          + TVA (20%) 0,00 €
          + Total TTC 0,00 €

   Accueil / Tarifs

   ____________________ Rechercher une extension

   Début ← Précédente ... 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... Suivante → Fin
   Extension Pays Prix unitaire Prix restauration Conditions
   mil.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   mus.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   net.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   nom.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   not.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   ntr.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   odo.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   org.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   ppg.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   pro.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   psc.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   psi.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   qsl.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   radio.br  -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   rec.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   slg.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   srv.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   taxi.br   -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   teo.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €
   tmp.br    -    99,00 €       89,00 €

   Début ← Précédente ... 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... Suivante → Fin

   Domaine.fr est accrédité par les registres suivants :
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre
     * Accréditation de nom de domaine et registre

Nom de domaine

     * Nom de domaine
     * Recherche avancée
     * Pourquoi déposer son nom de domaine ?
     * Tarifs et conditions de domaine.fr
     * Transfert vers Domaine.fr

Hébergement

     * Formules d'hébergement
     * Serveurs privés

Services

     * Services techniques
     * Services juridiques

Suggestion

     * Surveillance
     * Suggestion

Assistance

     * FAQ
     * Aide
     * Nous contacter
     * Ouvrir un ticket
     * Documents légaux

Qui est Domaine.fr ?

     * Historique
     * Nous contacter
     * Domaine.fr recrute
     * Contact Public (RRA ICANN)

   2019 © Domaine.fr. Tous droits réservés | Accueil | Informations
   légales | Conditions générales de vente | 0825 701 700 (appel non
   surtaxé 0.18 euros/mn)
