   #next My SoCal'd Life » Feed My SoCal'd Life » Comments Feed

  Menu

   Skip to content

     * Home
     * about
     * faqs
     * press
     * portfolio
     * rtw trip

     * [slake-instagram.png]
     * [slake-twitter.png]
     * [slake-facebook.png]
     * [slake-pinterest.png]
     * [slake-mail.png]
     * [slake-bloglovin.png]

   General

So long, farewell (for now)

   September 22, 2015

   windansea-beach windansea-beach It’s with a mixture of sadness and
   relief that I say I will be taking a break from this blog. For how
   long? I’m not sure. Why? Let me explain. (It’s a long one. I have many
   thoughts.)

   I started this blog just a few days after moving to San Diego to
   document my journey as an East Coaster-turned-San Diegan. I wanted to
   find cool shops, delicious restaurants, scenic hiking trails, great
   coffee, and more. It has served me very well. It forced me to get out
   and experience a city in which I had no friends, no family, and no job.
   It was speed dating.

   But this wasn’t a passion project. Seasoned bloggers say, “Never start
   a blog to make money,” but from Day 1 I wanted this blog to make money.
   Of course I wanted to do so organically, but making it a business was
   the goal. I’ve already done the just-for-fun blog thing—first about
   food in New York City and second about backpacking around the world for
   a year. With My SoCal’d Life, I was ready for the big time.

   In many ways, building the blog was easy. I was freelance magazine
   writing from home, had very flexible hours, and attended events for
   work that I could cover on the blog. Slowly, surely, and naturally, I
   built a brand, point of view, and voice. Cut to this summer: I started
   getting opportunities to monetize—not much, but a stepping stone. At
   the same time, I took on a full-time writer position at San Diego
   Magazine. Now I was juggling a 9-5 office job, freelance work, and a
   blog that was growing.

   These last few months have been awesome in many ways—a stable job! an
   expanding blog!—but in other ways it’s been a huge struggle, whether
   it’s because I never had time to unwind, was constantly multitasking,
   or asking my boyfriend to take photos of me in some ridiculously posed
   manner. I felt like I was missing out on life and its simple pleasures.
   I felt like I was suffocating and gasping for air because I wasn’t
   getting the downtime that everyone needs to feel sane. I was becoming
   grouchy, distracted, forgetful, and a bit anti-social, too.

   It took getting out of San Diego to realize I had to make a choice. I
   was in New Orleans for a press trip and started seeing various signs
   that I should take a break from the blog. It’s a bit of a long story,
   but the end result was like coming out of a fugue. I needed to let go
   of something because I was doing too much of everything.

   I took these last two weeks to see how it felt not to blog. It was sad,
   and I felt a bit like a failure, but quite honestly, it felt like a
   weight off my shoulders. Two weeks later, I’ve decided that the blog is
   the thing that has to go.

   On the practical side, my full-time job and freelance writing
   generate money; blogging, less so. On the abstract side, I’ve been
   watching blogging devolve in a direction I don’t like and I’m not sure
   I want to be a part of it at the moment. The numerous hashtags, the
   ill-matched sponsored content, Loop giveaways, the hyper-stylized
   Instagrams—it can come across as wildly phony. I don’t think it’s
   coincidence that at the time the brilliant Socality Barbie Instagram
   account debuted, I decided to take this blog break. I wanted to give
   the gal behind this Insta a virtual high five when she said: “People
   were all taking the same pictures in the same places and using the same
   captions. I couldn’t tell any of their pictures apart…I get it, it’s
   pretty to look at. But it’s so dishonest. Nobody actually lives like
   this. And it’s so overdone that it’s becoming boring.”

   But guess what? I’ve done it, too! I’ve styled my lattes, typed the
   copious hashtags, and made Teddy pose with me (though he likes
   following me around anyway). The tipping point was signing up for a
   sponsored post that in the end would’ve seemed very off-brand. (I
   didn’t end up going through with it.) And look, I understand
   that bloggers gotta get paid. We’re writers, photographers, graphic
   designers, stylists, publicists, and videographers rolled into one.
   It’s hard!

   But do I have the energy and time to devote to it, to grow this
   business in an organic way but still have beautiful photos, frequent
   social media updates, and creative content? I do not. And I don’t mean
   to slight the industry because some bloggers do an exquisite job of
   naturally infusing sponsored content, like A Beautiful Mess, Advice
   From a Twentysomething, and Wit & Delight. And I like looking at
   beautiful, well-styled images, too, if it feels real-ish. I’m not a
   hater, but at this point I’d rather be an observer than a contributor.

   Some friends have said, “Why don’t you just blog once a week or once a
   month?” Frankly, I get my fill in other ways. I write about San Diego
   for work already. Perhaps if my blog was about fashion or music, it
   would be a nice escape, but writing about the same topic for all facets
   of my life became boring. Now I’d rather spend that time expanding my
   mind in a different way—reading a book, volunteering with Teddy, trying
   a new hike, etc. And it’s not like I’m swimming in free time; my
   freelance work keeps me busy in the #werkafterwork grind. I’m kind of
   amazed I was doing a blog on top of it all!

   The blog has given me a beautiful thing—a platform from which I could
   explore my city and use it as an entryway to freelance writing. It was
   a lesson in branding, a vehicle to shape my voice, and a way to make
   friends. But when it feels like a chore, it’s time to step back. So
   that’s what I’m doing. Like I said, I’m not sure when I’ll be back, but
   I’m sure this time away will be time well spent. (Just last week I laid
   in bed at 8 p.m. to listen to the rarity that is rain in Southern
   California. And then I passed out at 9 p.m. And it was amazing. We all
   need a little do-nothing time in our lives.)

   What can you expect now? Instagram, which is
   essentially micro-blogging. I will continue to contribute there because
   I love that platform. It’s a place where I can share my favorite
   restaurants, beaches, experiences, pictures of Teddy, and the
   occasional styled caffeine beverage. I hope to see you there.

   So until I’m back, thanks for reading, commenting, sharing, and loving.
   I’ve grown in many ways because you lovely people have kept reading.
   And the blog has been such a big part of my San Diego move, so big that
   I felt the need to write a novel about hitting pause :) Thank you for
   the love. Big hugs. xx
     * Tweet
     * Facebook
     * Pin
     * 2 COMMENTS

   General

Be Back in a Bit

   September 8, 2015

   I’m going to take the next couple of weeks to work on some side
   projects and work on this crazy life-work balance. Sorry for the
   vagueness, but see you in a couple of weeks!
     * Tweet
     * Facebook
     * Pin
     * 1 COMMENT

   Life

5 August Favorites

   September 1, 2015

   The best things I ate, saw, and did in August: Garland Hotel, Los
   Angeles // My SoCal'd Life Garland Hotel, Los Angeles // My SoCal'd
   Life 1. Weekend getaway to The Garland Hotel. We—Teddy, too!—spent a
   night at this stylish boutique hotel in L.A.’s North Hollywood nabe
   this past weekend as part of a work assignment. There were so many fun
   design details, including this cool butterfly wall, movies played
   nightly at the pool, macrame decor in the restaurant, and a mini dog
   park for pooches. More to share on this in a few weeks. The Pearl
   Hotel's Dive-In Theater // My SoCal'd Life The Pearl Hotel's Dive-In
   Theater // My SoCal'd Life 2. Bridesmaids at The Pearl Hotel. This was
   my second time at the retro San Diego hotel’s weekly poolside movie
   screenings, but this time I was with a bunch of friends
   watching Bridesmaids, which is really the best kind of movie to watch
   with a big group. All those quotable lines! On a sappy note, moving to
   San Diego in 2013 without knowing anyone was hard and making friends
   from scratch was even harder. To think I went to this with nearly a
   dozen people who are now such lovely friends of mine was very
   soul-satisfying. liberty-station-ntc-san-diego
   liberty-station-ntc-san-diego 3. Best of San Diego party. A great
   memory for a few reasons. One, it’s my favorite of all of San Diego
   Magazine‘s events. Two, I really love that $30 Forever 21 dress. And
   three, Eaman and I hardly have pictures together anymore—mostly because
   I tend to take pictures of Teddy and overhead shots of lattes,
   whoops—so it was nice to get a framer with him.
   golden-retriever-san-diego-southern-california
   golden-retriever-san-diego-southern-california 4. Meeting Teddy’s
   brother. Randomly running into Teddy’s long-lost brother while walking
   around North Park? AMAZING! Screen Shot 2015-08-24 at 3.50.12 PM Screen
   Shot 2015-08-24 at 3.50.12 PM 5. Travel segment on KPBS. I’ve done
   radio before—I did a live play-by-play of Will and Kate’s royal
   nuptials for ABC back when I lived in New York—but last week’s segment
   on KPBS was my first radio clip in San Diego. I chatted all about
   last-minute Labor Day travel. You can listen to the full segment and
   watch a shorter TV spot here.

   I’m sure many of you are either ducking out early for the long weekend
   or mentally checking out if you’re staying local. I’ll actually be
   heading out to New Orleans tomorrow, so I’m signing off a bit early
   this week. See you next week! xo
     * Tweet
     * Facebook
     * Pin
     * 1 COMMENT

   around san diego

The Top Dog-Friendly Spots in San Diego

   August 27, 2015

   Top Dog-Friendly Spots in San Diego // My SoCal'd Life Top Dog-Friendly
   Spots in San Diego // My SoCal'd Life

   I wanted a dog for 20+ years. I dreamed about having a dog, cried about
   not having one, studied dog encyclopedias, read training manuals. In
   short, I was obsessed. But I also knew to wait until the right time and
   right city before making that dream happen. More power to the people
   who can manage big dogs in New York City, but it didn’t seem feasible
   to me. Then when we landed in San Diego, I didn’t waste any time. Three
   months after pulling up to our new home, we went to look at litters and
   found our sweet Teddy boy.

   Though initially we were exhausted puppy parents who failed at bringing
   him out with us—do it; it’s amazing socialization for them—we now
   take him almost everywhere. And lucky for him, San Diego is a doggy
   wonderland. There are tons of dogs parks, three dog beaches within a
   20-minute drive, cafes that welcome pooches, ice cream specifically
   prepared for them, shop owners who keep treats on hand for four-legged
   visitors, and more. Teddy is one spoiled pooch.

   So in celebration of yesterday’s National Dog Day, here’s a round-up of
   our favorite dog-friendly spots in the city: read more
     * Tweet
     * Facebook
     * Pin
     * 2 COMMENTS

   Life

life at the moment

   August 25, 2015

   Imperial Beach, San Diego // My SoCal'd Life Imperial Beach, San Diego
   // My SoCal'd Life

   A little peek at life in real time:

   Currently I’m…

   Reading: Americanah by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. It’s amazing. AMAZING!
   Adichie is such a skilled writer who can balance pain, laughs, insight,
   and quick wit. (No wonder Beyonce sampled her TEDx Talk in
   “Flawless.”) Given how much people have hyped this book, my
   expectations were high, but all the praise is warranted. My copy is due
   back to the library this weekend, so now it’s a race to the finish the
   last 100 or so pages. Pretty sure I’ll be sad to be done with this one.

   Traveling to: L.A. this weekend for work/play, New Orleans next week
   for a blog trip (!), Malibu at the end of September for a wedding, and
   likely Catalina in early October. After a relatively quiet August, the
   travel ramps up yet again. Woot!

   Eating: At home more. I went through a few weeks of constantly eating
   out, partly because I was too tired to cook and partly because I was
   wholly uninspired. This Martha Stewart blistered eggplant dish was a
   particularly memorable meal and perfect for summer.

   Watching: The Wire. One episode in, I’m not totally won over yet but am
   curious to see why people call it the best show in the history of
   television. I’m also watching my Real Housewives (of Orange County
   and New York) because there’s no better mindless entertainment after a
   long, hard day.

   Exercising: Differently. As much as I loved going to a yoga studio,
   with the amount I eat out for work-related events and meetings, I
   wasn’t getting the burn I needed to balance out all the calories. It
   wasn’t about weight; I simply felt unhealthy and sluggish. So I joined
   Fit, an admittedly fancy gym that offers spinning, weight classes,
   yoga, barre classes, and more (I get a discount rate through work). I
   swore off gyms after OD-ing in New York City and also because San Diego
   is such an outdoor activity kind of town, but I needed efficient
   workouts. I like doing my weekday morning classes and then adding in
   long walks and hikes with Teddy on weekday evenings and weekends.
   #balance

   Working on: Purging. It’s funny that for two years of working from
   home, our one-bedroom apartment (which is a decent 600 square feet)
   seemed like the right amount of space for me, Eaman, and Teddy. Now
   being home only on weekday evenings and weekends thanks to a full-time
   office job, I find the space totally claustrophobic. Maybe it’s because
   the novelty has worn off. Maybe it’s because I can finally separate
   work from home, and really need home to be an uncluttered sanctuary.
   Either way, I’m getting a lot of satisfaction out of walking around the
   apartment and tossing (into a bag for Goodwill) items we don’t need or
   hardly ever use. Decluttering my space has done wonders for
   decluttering my mind. I also plan to check out Marie Kondo’s The
   Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and
   Organizing. Have you heard of it? It seems like a bible for minimalists
   and manual for hoarders.
     * Tweet
     * Facebook
     * Pin
     * 3 COMMENTS

   around san diego

Best of San Diego by 5 Neighborhoods

   August 20, 2015

   La Jolla, San Diego // photo via San Diego Magazine La Jolla, San Diego
   // photo via San Diego Magazine

   For this month’s issue of San Diego Magazine, the annual Best of San
   Diego package, which highlights the best of the city’s food, drink,
   shopping, and more, I rounded up five of my favorite neighborhoods and
   the top restaurant, bar, and classic fave in each. There’s the Italian
   eatery Catania in La Jolla, a cool brewery in Barrio Logan, my favorite
   home boutique Pigment in North Park, and other goodies. You can read
   the full story here.

   And tomorrow the magazine will be throwing its annual Best of San Diego
   party at Liberty Station’s NTC Promenade. I was on the news yesterday
   to talk about a few of the vendors that’ll be there—you can watch the
   clip here—and I must’ve done a pretty bang-up job because tickets are
   now sold out. (I kid.) If you’re local, I hope you got your tickets—see
   you Friday!

   Photo via
     * Tweet
     * Facebook
     * Pin
     * COMMENT

   around san diego - Food

How to Pack the Perfect Picnic

   August 18, 2015

   How to pack the perfect picnic // My SoCal'd Life How to pack the
   perfect picnic // My SoCal'd Life

   We’re spoiled in Southern California with al fresco weather nearly
   year-round, but that distinct summer vibe—think flip-flops, beach
   towels, late sunsets, and barbecues—is hard to replicate in the others
   seasons. That’s why I’ve been fighting my laziness and making sure I
   tick off all the summer goals I made mental note of in June. Things
   like heading to Sunset Cliffs to watch golden hour on a weeknight
   or hanging out in Imperial Beach on a Friday evening when the farmers
   market turns the pier area into one big block party. And also picnics,
   tons and tons of picnics.

   There’s no shortage of good picnic spots in San Diego, from Balboa Park
   and Mission Hills’ Pioneer Park to Windansea Beach and even the area
   outside our baseball stadium, Petco Park, but my favorite is Kate
   Sessions Memorial Park in Pacific Beach. The wide, grassy space (on a
   sloping hill) has trees, ocean vistas, skyline views, and a very lax
   policy on keeping dogs leashed (you didn’t hear it from me). It’s also
   where I chose to ring in the big 3-0. It’s a really special, really
   beautiful spot. Kate Sessions Park, San Diego via My SoCal'd Life Kate
   Sessions Park, San Diego via My SoCal'd Life So with the spirit of
   summer in mind, here are six steps to to plan your next picnic party:
   read more
     * Tweet
     * Facebook
     * Pin
     * 2 COMMENTS

   around san diego - Food

brunch at the new breakfast republic

   August 13, 2015

   Breakfast Republic in North Park // My SoCal'd Life Breakfast Republic
   in North Park // My SoCal'd Life A place for a quiet cup of tea and
   petit, crustless sandwiches this is not. Breakfast Republic, the new
   North Park eatery dedicated to morning fuel, is bold, brazen, and a
   little in-your-face. The front patio is a mix of wood, steel, brick,
   and chalk. The interior palette consists of red, greens, and yellows.
   And the rooster motif? Let’s just say they weren’t afraid to play up
   the “cock” pun. In sum, it’s barnyard chic-meets-North Park hipster.

   And Breakfast Republic’s menu is equally flamboyant, with pancakes in
   flavors like Oreo, churro, and mint chocolate chip (choose three
   different varieties to make the very awesome pancake flight), veggie
   tostadas, jambalaya, S’mores French toast, and a beer and sausage
   sampler amongst other items. There’s also Cafe Moto coffee and 20 beers
   on tap, along with a chance to buy some Breakfast paraphernalia, like
   tees and their very cute coffee mugs.

   Take a look: read more
     * Tweet
     * Facebook
     * Pin
     * 2 COMMENTS

Post navigation

   OLDER

My SoCal'd Life

HELLO!

   [Limelife-Photography_Archana_025.jpg]

   I'm Archana, and My SoCal'd Life is a travel blog for the adventurous,
     hungry, and stylish explorer. I moved to San Diego in January 2013
     after traveling the world for a year, and love finding, trying, and
   documenting my travel discoveries—whether that's off-the-beaten-path
          eats, beautiful beaches, or cool boutiques. >>> Let's go!

     * [slake-instagram.png]
     * [slake-twitter.png]
     * [slake-facebook.png]
     * [slake-pinterest.png]
     * [slake-mail.png]
     * [slake-bloglovin.png]

Categories

     * around san diego
     * Creative Profiles
     * Design + Interiors
     * DIY
     * Food
     * General
     * Life
     * monthly favorites
     * San Diego eats + drinks
     * Style + Beauty
     * Travel

Archives

   Archives [Select Month__]

   ____________________

     * [slake-instagram.png]
     * [slake-twitter.png]
     * [slake-facebook.png]
     * [slake-pinterest.png]
     * [slake-mail.png]
     * [slake-bloglovin.png]

   My SoCal'd Life © 2019 - designed by blogzilla
