   #alternate alternate

     * A propos
     * News
     * L'équipe
     * Jobs

     * Français
     * English

   [Logo_vectaury.svg]

     * Solutions
          + Retailers
          + Annonceurs
          + Éditeurs
     * Technologie
     * Privacy
     * Blog

   Contactez-nous

LA SOLUTION DRIVE TO STORE LA PLUS EFFICACE

   Des outils Data Centric au profit des retailers pour agir à chaque
   étape du parcours client et générer du trafic qualifié en points de
   vente

   Eram logo

Renaud Montin

Chief Marketing & Digital Officer ERAM

   « Vectaury a su nous montrer toutes les capacités qu’offre le mobile
   dans la quête du drive to store. En plus de dispositifs Media adaptés,
   Vectaury pousse l’exercice jusqu’à la prédiction de trafic instore et
   offre une approche Insight poussée »
   CHD logo

Paul Hagege

Founder / President at CHD Expert Group

   « Vectaury est un partenaire stratégique pour nous: leader mondial de
   l'information marketing sur le secteur de la Consommation Hors
   Domicile, nous avons été amenés à inclure dans nos analyses de marché
   les données collectées par Vectaury. Les plus grands acteurs mondiaux
   des soft-drinks et spritiueux ont déjà été convaincus par notre
   approche innovante mixant données CHR et mobinautes Vectaury »

De Profils qualifiés

   En France

De Données Collectées

   Pour le même résultat

De points d'intérêt

   Dans le monde

MOBILE ADVERTISING

   Nous permettons aux retailers de générer du trafic dans leurs points de
   vente et de retargeter leurs clients ou leur prospects via des formats
   adaptés au Drive-To-Store
   En savoir plus

Transparent

   Nous prônons une collecte transparente et un traitement responsable des
   données des mobinautes

Performant

   Nous créons des dispositifs Drive-To-Store ultra performants afin de
   booster vos ventes et votre chiffre d'affaires

Intelligent

   Nos algorithmes explorent des millions de données pour vous proposer
   des segments d'audience qualifiés

Pertinent

   Nous sublimons la donnée de géolocalisation pour vous proposer des
   stratégies adaptées à votre audience

ILS NOUS FONT CONFIANCE

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Commencez votre Démo dès maintenant
   Contactez nous

Notre Politique Privacy

   La protection des données personnelles est inscrite dans l’ADN de notre
   société. Nous ne percevons pas cet enjeu comme une contrainte. C’est
   une nécessité déontologique. Nous voulons prouver que le marketing
   comportemental est conciliable avec un traitement loyal des données
   personnelles et la préservation de la vie privée des mobinautes
   En savoir plus sur la privacy

Solution

     * Retailers
     * Annonceur
     * Éditeur
     * Technologie

Actualités

     * Blog

Entreprise

     * A propos
     * L'équipe
     * Jobs

Légal

     * Privacy
     * Mentions légales
     * Données personnelles
     * Centre de confidentialité

Retrouvez nous sur

Paris Office

   @WEWORK - 33 RUE LA FAYETTE - PARIS 75009

   01 48 25 88 69
   contact@vectaury.io

   Copyright © 2017 Vectaury marque déposée par Vectaury S.A.S
   #alternate alternate

     * About us
     * Team
     * Jobs

     * English
     * Français

   [Logo_vectaury.svg]

     * Solutions
          + Retailers
          + Advertisers
          + Publishers
     * Technology
     * Privacy
     * Blog

   Contact us

PRIVACY AND PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION POLICY

   At VECTAURY, the protection of personal data* is central to our mission
   for both strategic and ethical reasons. It has been the subject of
   three years’ work by our R&D team in collaboration with our legal
   advisors and with support from the French Data Protection Authority.


VECTAURY GUARANTEES FAIR AND LAWFUL COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA

A/ OUR OBLIGATIONS


   VECTAURY complies with Article 5 of the European Data Protection
   Regulation (GDPR), specially:

   - the mobile user's right to information;

   - the obligation to obtain independent, specific, informed and
   unequivocal consent from mobile users prior to any data processing,
   with consent given via clear declaration or intentional act;

   - the mobile user’s right to access, right to rectification, right to
   object, right to data portability, right to restriction of processing,
   right to make a complaint to the French Data Protection Authority, and
   right to be forgotten;

   - confidentiality and integrity of data collected;

   - compliance of processing operations throughout the data life cycle.

 B/ OUR COMMITMENTS


Obtaining mobile user consent:

   In order to comply with the requirement to obtain consent from a clear
   positive act of the mobile users, we have designed a consent management
   tool that meets the requirements of the General Data Protection
   Regulation. This consent management tool is a Consent Management
   Platform IAB (CMP) and allows data to be collected legally within
   applications integrating the VECTAURY SDK.

   The CMP VECTAURY allows publishers to obtain the consent of mobile
   users in a fair manner. Thanks to this CMP, the mobile user is
   informed, as soon as the application is opened, of the personal data
   collected, the purposes of processing and can also access the partners
   who receive his data as well as their processing purposes and their
   privacy policy. The CMP VECTAURY allows mobile users to consent or not
   to the collection of their personal data for each of the purposes
   displayed on the first page. They also can configure their choice by
   purpose or accept or refuse all the purposes.
   In addition, the CMP VECTAURY is accessible at any time in the settings
   of the application. The mobile user can therefore change his or her
   consent choices at any time.
   If the publishers with whom we work do not wish to integrate this tool,
   they can use their own CMP or a third party CMP as soon as VECTAURY has
   audited and considered as compliant the consent management tool used.
   This consent collection tool allows VECTAURY to keep a technical record
   of mobile users' consent called "Chain of Consent".
   VECTAURY also collects data when it buys advertising space to display
   campaigns ordered by its customers, as part of a real-time auction
   system.
   In this context, VECTAURY will only bid to acquire advertising space
   within mobile applications when it is technically possible to retrieve
   a "consent chain" to ensure that it is possible to collect and process
   mobile users' data.

The information of the mobile user:

   As mentioned above, the mobile user is informed by means of the CMP
   used by our partner publishers and publishers monetizing the
   advertising space available in their applications via the real-time
   auction system. VECTAURY ensures that mobile users are properly
   informed so that they can give specific and informed free consent to
   the processing of their personal data.
   Mobile users can also access VECTAURY's privacy policy via the CMP used
   in the application in question in order to obtain further information
   on the processing activities carried out. They can also access via the
   list of partners receiving the data, their processing purposes and
   their privacy policy.


The mobile user can exercise rights through the publisher:


   Our partner data providers guarantee VECTAURY that before obtaining
   consent they will inform mobile users about the purposes of data
   processing and all user rights including the right to withdraw consent
   at any time. Mobile users can exercise their rights through the
   publisher, who will pass requests to VECTAURY for implementation.

   When the publisher uses a CMP, mobile users can exercise their rights
   in-app.


The mobile user can exercise rights using Apple and Android operating
systems:


   Android and Apple platforms enable mobile users to control privacy by
   blocking targeting ads and by resetting their advertising IDs. This
   disables the link between advertising history and future navigation.


 The mobile user can exercise his rights directly through VECTAURY:


   Our primary data collection method is the VECTAURY proprietary SDK, the
   mobile equivalent of a cookie. Publishers integrating the VECTAURY SDK
   designate VECTAURY as the data controller in their Terms and
   Conditions. This gives mobile users the identity of the controller and
   the e-mail address legal@vectaury.io, providing a means to exercise all
   privacy rights through VECTAURY.

   VECTAURY’s SDK also allows mobile users to withdraw consent at any
   time, easily and free of charge, using their smartphone settings.

   Our secondary data collection method is AdRequest, which serves a
   consent request when a mobile application is viewed. When data are
   collected by AdRequest, consent is collected by the publisher, and a
   clickable information button visible in the advertisement sends the
   user to the VECTAURY privacy center. This web interface enables mobile
   users targeted by VECTAURY ads to exercise all their rights and
   withdraw consent if desired

   Mobile users can also access information, request its correction or
   deletion, and exercise other rights concerning personal data by
   contacting us at: legal@vectaury.io.


VECTAURY GUARANTEES FAIR, LAWFUL AND TRANSPARENT PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA

A/ OUR OBLIGATIONS


   VECTAURY respects the principle of data minimization set out in Article
   5 of the GDPR, according to which:

   - Data collected must be adequate, relevant and limited to what is
   necessary for the purposes for which they are processed.
   - Data collected must be processed in a manner that is relevant,
   adequate and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which they
   were collected.

B/ OUR COMMITMENTS

   VECTAURY collects personal mobile user data, including geolocation
   data, for the purposes of selling targeted ads and insights to
   advertisers.
   VECTAURY ensures that personal data are processed exclusively for the
   purposes for which mobile users have given consent and according to the
   principal of proportionality. Vectaury ensures that the use of this
   data by subcontractors is contractually supervised.
   As a result, our campaigns do not rely on ultra-geolocation
   technologies or excessive collection frequency. Our intelligent data
   collection algorithm and filtering mechanism processes only data needed
   for user-approved purposes.

   Our approach to collecting geolocation data gives us a better
   understanding of our mobile users without identifying them or knowing
   excessive information about their movements.




VECTAURY GUARANTEES A CONTROLLED TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA

A/ OUR OBLIGATIONS

   VECTAURY complies with Articles 45 and 46 of the GDPR, according to
   which:
   The controller of a processing operation may transfer personal data to
   a State outside the European Union only if that State ensures a
   sufficient level of protection of privacy with regard to an adequacy
   decision by the European Commission or by means of appropriate
   safeguards.

B/ OUR COMMITMENTS

   Vectaury does not transfer personal data outside of France. Our data
   are collected, processed and stored on servers in France.
   Deliverables sent to our customers and partners include only anonymized
   statistics void of any personal characteristics, thus they are not
   subject to national or European laws related to the transfer of
   personal data.
   When personal data are sent to a customer or partner in France,
   VECTAURY:

   - Oversees its use. It cannot be used in a manner other than that for
   which the mobile user gave consent or reconciled with other data
   - Ensures data confidentiality and integrity.


VECTAURY ENSURES THE SECURITY OF ITS SYSTEMS

A/ OUR OBLIGATIONS

   VECTAURY compolies with Articles 25 and 32 of the GDPR:
   - The controller is required to implement technical and organizational
   measures to guarantee a level of security appropriate to the risks
   presented by processing; to preserve the security of the data; and, in
   particular, to prevent data from being distorted, damaged or accessed
   by unauthorized third parties.

   - The controller must respect the principles of:

       - Privacy by design: The data controller ensures that the objective
   of protecting personal data is integrated into new projects from the
   design stage by implementing appropriate technical and organizational
   measures both when determining the means of processing and at the time
   of processing itself.
        - Privacy by default: The controller guarantees that, by default,
   only personal data necessary for each specific purpose are processed.

B/ OUR COMMITMENTS

   All of the obligations required by the French Data Protection Authority
   are clearly stated in our Information System Protection Policy and are
   carried out by our technical and administrative teams.


VECTAURY ENSURES LIMITED RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA

A/ OUR OBLIGATIONS

   VECTAURY respects article 5 of the European regulation on the
   protection of personal data, according to which:
   Data shall be kept in a form of identifiable data for no longer than is
   necessary for the purposes for which the data are collected and
   processed.

B/ OUR COMMITMENTS

   VECTAURY permanently deletes any identifiable data as soon as it is no
   longer useful for the purpose for which it was collected. More
   specifically, all information that could be used directly or indirectly
   for personal identification is deleted or modified, making
   re-identification impossible..
   Given the similarities between mobile SDKs and desktop cookies, we
   apply the same rules to both platforms, deleting all data within 12
   months of its collection.
   As a result, all data collected on the basis of mobile users' consent
   is deleted within 12 months of collection to comply with this logic.

   VECTAURY allows mobile users to easily implement their right to forget
   and to request the deletion of their personal data without legitimate
   reason by sending an email to  legal@vectaury.io.


AWARENESS

A/ OUR OBLIGATIONS

   Raising staff awareness of personal data protection is an essential
   step toward compliance, particularly for securing information systems
   that are used daily by employees.
   Our Data Protection Officer is responsible for raising awareness and
   training employees internally on personal data protection issues.


B/ OUR COMMITMENTS

   VECTAURY strives to make all staff aware of the ethical issues related
   to data protection and privacy. Initiatives include weekly committees
   for all managers and regular workshops open to the entire team.




GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) APPLICABLE MAY 25, 2018


   VECTAURY has been compliant with the new European Regulations since the
   end of 2017.
   Paris, August 1st, 2019.
   *In accordance with law no. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 on Data Processing,
   Data Files and Individual Liberties and the new European Regulation on
   the protection of personal data and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the
   European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016.

Legal notices on personal data protection


Identity of the processing entity


   VECTAURY, simplified joined stock company with a capital of 115 500€
   registered under the number 799 256 730 at the Registre de commerce et
   des sociétés (Corporation and Trade Registry) of Paris, headquartered
   at 33 Rue La Fayette 75009 Paris and represented by its President,
   Matthieu Daguenet (TVA no. FR 42799256730).


Information contact of the DPO

   Mrs Mathilde Ferriol, mathilde.ferriol@vectaury.io


Processing purposes


   We collect and process the personal data of mobile users, including
   geolocation data, for the purposes of targeted advertising, to propose
   commercial offers adapted to the mobile user's location, profiling,
   measuring advertising campaigns and traffic at points of sale and
   marketing research on behalf of advertisers and media agencies.


   To be able to display targeted advertising campaigns or personalized
   targeted commercial offers to mobile users according to their location,
   Vectaury uses a real time bidding system allowing it to buy advertising
   inventory within mobile applications in which the campaigns are
   displayed.
   The personal data of mobile users are therefore likely to be processed
   within the framework of this real-time bidding system.


Mandatory or optional collection

   Collection of personal data by VECTAURY is not mandatory. There is no
   direct consequence to the mobile user for refusing to consent to data
   collection.

   However, the purpose of collecting of personal data is to monetize
   mobile applications provided free of charge to users.

Data recipient or category of recipients

   VECTAURY does not transfer personal data to recipients outside of the
   European Union.
   VECTAURY reserves the right to transfer personal data when all of the
   following conditions are met:

   - To its customers and partners

   - To trusted third parties such as :
     * E-Retail Development SAS (Smart Traffik), whose registered office
       is located at 6 Cour Andre Philipp, 69100 Villeurbanne and
       registered to the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Lyon
       under number 751 652 934. This trusted third party may process
       personal data to measure the performance of mobile advertising
       campaigns.

   For more information on the processing carried out by this actor, you
   can consult his privacy policy accessible via this URL:
   https://www.smart-traffik.io/politique-de-confidentialite. In case of
   any questions or if you wish to exercise your rights with this actor,
   you can write to their DPO : Tanguy Bourlier to
   tbourlier@smart-traffik.io.
     * Adsquare GmbH, whose registered office is located at Saarbücker
       St.36 Berlin, 10405 and registered in Germany at the Local Court of
       Charlottenburg (Berlin), under number HBR 171194B.  This trusted
       third party may process personal data to measure the performance of
       mobile advertising campaigns and their impact on point-of-sale
       traffic.

   For more information on the processing carried out by this actor, you
   can consult his privacy policy accessible via this URL:
   www.adsquare.com/privacy. If you have any questions or wish to exercise
   your rights with this actor you can write to their DPO at:
   privacy@adsquare.com

   - In keeping with the purposes for which data was collected (for
   example, to prove the effectiveness of an advertising campaign)

   - Data is non-nominative and encrypted

   - Recipients respect the user’s scope of consent

   - Retention period for personal data


Retention period for personal data


   Data collected directly via VECTAURY technologies are deleted within a
   maximum period of 12 months of collection as required by our cookies
   policy.

   In case of contradiction between the English and French versions of
   this policy, the French version shall prevail.


Mobile user's rights

   Mobile users have a right of access, a right of rectification, a right
   of opposition, a right to be forgotten, a right to limit processing, a
   right to portability and a right of appeal to the competent supervisory
   authority.

   Mobile users can exercise their various rights by going to the Vectaury
   privacy center by clicking on the (i) information contained in the
   advertisements displayed to them in the applications, or directly on
   the VECTAURY website via the following link:
   https://cdn.vectaury.io/vectaury/201704/campaign1/www/page/index2.html

   Mobile users can also exercise their rights by writing to the following
   e-mail address: legal@vectaury.io.


SolutionS

     * Retailers
     * Advertiser
     * Publisher
     * Technology
     * CMP

News

     * Blog

Company

     * About us
     * The team
     * Jobs

Legal

     * Privacy
     * Personal data
     * Legal Mentions
     * Privacy center

Retrouvez nous sur

Paris Office

   @WEWORK - 33 RUE LA FAYETTE - PARIS 75009

   01 48 25 88 69
   contact@vectaury.io

   Copyright © 2017 Vectaury trademark registered by Vectaury S.A.S
   #alternate alternate

     * About us
     * Team
     * Jobs

     * English
     * Français

   [Logo_vectaury.svg]

     * Solutions
          + Retailers
          + Advertisers
          + Publishers
     * Technology
     * Privacy
     * Blog

   Contact us

THE MOST EFFECTIVE DRIVE TO STORE SOLUTION

   A Data-Centric tool enabling retailers and brands to interact
   throughout their customers' journey and to generate incremental traffic
   to their brick and mortar stores

   logo éram

Renaud Montin

Chief Marketing & Digital Officer ERAM

   "Vectaury has shown us the true power of mobile in generating in-store
   traffic, by proposing innovative media planning and dymanic creative
   optimisation adapted to our needs. Vectaury's insightful approach went
   even a step further in helping us predict in-store traffic."
   CHD logo

Paul Hagege

Founder / President at CHD Expert Group

   "Vectaury is a real strategic partner for us: as the world leader in
   marketing information for the Out-of-Home Consumption sector, we are
   constantly using the data collected by Vectaury in our market
   analyzes. The biggest players in the world of soft drinks and spirits
   have already been convinced by our innovative approach mixing CHR data
   and Vectaury's mobile users data."

Enriched PROFILES

   In France

DATA COLLECTED

   For the same result

POINTS OF INTEREST

   Globally

TARGETED MOBILE ADVERTISING

   Our ads are optimized for the best Drive to Store performance, enabling
   retailers and brands to generate incremental traffic to their stores
   and to retarget their customers and prospects
   LEARN MORE

Transparency

   We advocate for transparent mobile data collection and for responsible
   data processing

PERFORMANCE

   Our ads are designed for high-performance Drive-To-Store, to boost
   in-store traffic and sales

INTELLIGENCE

   Our algorithms explore millions of data points to offer you enriched
   audience segments

RELEVANCE

   We refine geolocation data to offer you strategies and insights that
   are tailored to your audience

THEY TRUST US

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Start generating incremental in-store traffic today
   CONTACT US

Our privacy policy

   Protecting personal data is inscribed in our DNA. We don't look at
   Privacy as a constraint - It is an ethical necessity. We set out to
   prove that Geo-behavioural Marketing can go hand in hand with
   respectful and responsible processing of personal data and with
   protecting the privacy of mobile users
   LEARN MORE ABOUT PRIVACY

Solutions

     * Retailers
     * Advertisers
     * Publishers
     * Technology

news

     * Blog

company

     * About us
     * The Team
     * Jobs

Legal

     * Privacy
     * Legal mention
     * Personal Data
     * Privacy Center

contact us

Paris Office

   @WEWORK - 33 RUE LA FAYETTE - PARIS 75009

   +33 1 48 25 88 69
   contact@vectaury.io

   Copyright © 2017 Vectaury registered trademark by Vectaury S.A.S
