   #Joyful Learning in the Early Years - Atom Joyful Learning in the Early
   Years - RSS

Joyful Learning in the Early Years

   I am a Reggio Emilia inspired Full Day Kindergarten teacher and mother
   to three young children. This blog is meant as a communication tool for
   the families of our children and as a learning tool for the many
   educators who follow us. Please feel free to comment on posts and
   participate in our collective understanding of emergent curriculum.

Saturday, September 21, 2019

Math and Literacy Family Bags

   Many families are eager to help their children practice literacy and
   numeracy work from school. Although traditional 'paper and pencil'
   homework is not developmentally appropriate in many circumstances,
   providing 'take home' games and activities in the form of literacy and
   math bags is welcomed and appreciated by many families. These
   interactive, hands-on, developmentally appropriate activities are easy
   to create and target many emergent skills and knowledge needed by young
   children. They are a good alternative when the school community expects
   work to be sent home from school. Take home bags help parents and
   guardians understand how literacy and numeracy can be nurtured and
   celebrated in the lives of young children.
   You can access these, along with many free math printables, here:
   https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Joyful-Learning-In-The-Early-
   Years
   As always feedback and suggestions for future resources is always
   appreciated!
   [tpt.png]
   Posted by Mrs. McLennan at 11:21 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: alphabet, communication, community, community building,
   families, family, literacy, math, math mind, math talk, number sense,
   number talk, numbers, reading, writing

Saturday, September 14, 2019

Exploring the Outdoors Mathematically with the Five Senses

   Stop! Listen!”
   We were outside lining up next to the school ready to head in and start
   our morning when Carleigh held up her hand indicating that she wanted
   her peers to halt their conversations and pay attention.
   “Do you hear that?”
   In the distance I heard what had caught Carleigh’s attention. It was
   the joyful ‘chick-a-dee-dee-dee’ of a Black Capped Chickadee, a
   friendly native bird that enjoyed foraging in the yard adjacent to our
   playground.
   “It’s a pattern!” Emme observed. “I hear it too! I hear the dee-dee-dee
   part over and over.”
   The chickadee continued its happy song and we stood as still as we
   could and listened.
   “I hear it too!”
   “Chick a dee, dee, dee! Chick a dee, dee, dee!” Carleigh sang-song and
   within a few minutes the rest of her peers joined in, repeating the
   cadence of the neighboring bird’s early morning song.
   [IMG_0900.jpg]
   The natural world is waiting to be discovered and often the math that
   children first uncover is through mindful observation with their senses
   - sight, touch, taste, smell, and hearing. Children who emotionally
   connect with and nurture their surroundings will grow to be
   environmentally conscious and mindful of their impact on the earth. We
   spend at least an hour outside each day - this includes guided, teacher
   provided invitations and activities for learning, and also free
   exploration by children in the yard. This year we are also hoping to
   start 'Forest Fridays' where we walk the local nature trails in the
   community around our school on a weekly basis. The outside holds
   amazing learning for children. Helping children notice and name their
   mathematical findings by incorporating the senses increases their
   understanding and connection with the world. There are also many
   wonderful children’s books about the human body that can be used to
   introduce each sense and help children focus on paying attention to a
   particular sense when outside. Image Image One of our favorite math
   activities is going on nature walks mindfully focused on one sense at a
   time. Children walk together and use technology to capture their
   findings (when going on a ‘hearing walk’ the children listened for
   different sounds in nature and we used the microphone feature of our
   iPads to capture what they discovered). Sometimes the math may begin to
   blend and blur with science topics. This is an important connection for
   children as they see the relevance and authenticity of math in their
   everyday life. It is also another way for educators to justify the time
   spent outside; integrating subjects such as math and science helps to
   fulfill more standards while making learning more meaningful and
   relevant to children's lives. So many children (and adults!) consider
   math (and science) to be 'textbook subjects' - ideas that are taught in
   a classroom in isolation from the rest of the world - when tangible and
   concrete exploration of these concepts is developmentally appropriate
   and helps children see the relationship between school subjects and
   their own lives.
   Some suggestions of starting places include:
   Sight *Ask children to observe the world around them. Using your
   eyes/sense of sight, what do you notice? What do you wonder?” These
   open-ended prompts help children to think deeply about their
   surroundings and notice and name small details. It also empowers them
   to ask the math questions about the world around them instead of
   following the teacher's lead.
   *What patterns can you see and identify in our space?
   *What shapes do you notice in your surroundings?
   *Can you locate different numbers or groupings of objects? A pair? A
   group of three, four, five, etc. *How many different shades of one
   color do you see?
   *Can you group objects based on a sorting rule?
   *What’s a reasonable estimate for something large - how many leaves are
   on the tree? How many ants might be in the garden?
   *Can you search the yard and locate/match similar objects based on how
   they look?
   *Play a game of “I Spy” using math language and encourage children to
   make predictions on what object you are referring to (“I spy with my
   little eye something larger than my hand…. Something taller than our
   fence…)

   Touch *How do different objects feel? Can you describe them? What do
   you notice? What's the same? Different? After children have shared
   their observations you can also highlight the size, shape and texture
   of the various objects.
   *Can you describe the object in a mystery bag by how it feels? Can you
   guess what it is?
   *Run your hand along a patterned object and describe what it feels
   like.
   *Can you sort objects based on how they feel (hard, soft, squishy)?
   *Encourage children to create a collage using natural objects they find
   in the yard. Identifying the object’s characteristics and then
   classifying and sorting helps children build data management skills.
   Children can discuss the inspiration behind their choices or their
   placement on the collage.
   *Bring sculpting materials outside including play dough or clay and
   encourage children to sculpt it using natural loose parts. What prints
   can they make in the dough using different objects including pinecones,
   leaves or sticks? Can they see or feel patterns pressed in the dough?
   How do they describe these patterns to others? Can they continue a
   pattern?
   *Give children touch challenges - who can find the heaviest item in the
   yard? How many children does it take to lift this object? Is it even
   possible to lift it? How do children problem solve when they find an
   object that cannot be moved? Can they find the lightest? Can children
   order a collection of rocks by weight (lightest to heaviest) or flowers
   by shades of the same color (lightest to darkest)?
   *Ask children to feel different objects and describe their temperature.
   Are items hot? Cold? Can their properties change if heat or cold are
   added?

   Taste *Eat snack or lunch together picnic style - as children eat ask
   them to classify their food. What kinds of food do they have? Can they
   describe what they are eating using mathematical terms? (“This jam
   sandwich is so sticky I need to chew it ten times before I swallow!"
   "My celery stick takes five crunches to eat." "I lined up my crackers
   in a pattern!").
   *Harvest seeds, fruit or veggies from a garden and ask the children to
   count how many of each item they have grown. Can children measure to
   see how long their fruit or veggies are? Provide samples of each food
   and have children vote on whether or not they enjoyed the taste.
   Children can write their own recipes using these harvested foods and
   experiment with preparing or cooking them in different ways.
   *Offer children foods grown from the local area. After tasting samples
   of each ask the children to classify the foods using a common
   characteristic (crunchy, sweet, tangy, mushy, sour). Photos can
   represent each food and be placed in the appropriate place on a sorting
   ring or on a chart.

   Smell *Ask children to identify and describe the different smells they
   notice in various areas of the classroom, yard or school. What
   connections to the smells can they make?
   *Encourage children to go on a ‘smell hunt’ around the yard and find
   natural items with different kinds of smells (sweet, strong,
   unpleasant). Children can place the object on a chart placed in a
   central location. After the hunt children can calculate how many of
   each item were found.
   *Play a game of mystery smell. Place an object in a bag and have
   children close their eyes and smell. They can use language to describe
   the smell and then indicate whether or not they liked it by voting on a
   class chart.
   *Children love to create their own ‘potions’ outside. Often when
   objects are crushed they release a stronger smell. Encourage children
   to create their own recipes or smell equations by gathering different
   objects outside and mixing them together. Children can also use large
   rocks to crush and mix the objects together. Provide clipboards and
   pencils so children can write down their ‘equations’ (10 rose petals
   plus a handful of grass equals a sweet and strong smell).

   Hearing *Ask children to mindfully sit on a blanket in the middle of
   the outdoor space and close their eyes and observe what they hear. Can
   they identify what the sounds might be? How many different types of
   sound can they count? Can they guess the direction and distance of each
   sound? What patterns can they identify (bird calls, insect chirps).
   *Ask children to use their bodies to make different sound patterns.
   They can clap, stomp their feet, tap their knees, and snap their
   fingers in different rhythms. Play follow the leader where one child
   plays a pattern and the others have to repeat it. Children can
   articulate the pattern rules they hear (one clap, two stomps, one clap,
   two stomps).
   *Study different animal calls - many have a repeating pattern in their
   sound. Play recorded animal calls on the iPad and ask children to
   describe what they hear. Challenge children to sit quietly in an area
   and try to get a bird’s attention by echoing its call. Record the
   noises you hear in the outside world and play these during quiet
   mindful time later on in the classroom.
   *Create a musical wall by hanging recycled materials on a fence for
   children to explore - pots, pans, muffin tins, bells, metal pieces -
   and encourage children to create their own songs. These can be recorded
   as musical notations and ‘played’ by others. Encourage children to read
   other children’s music and play it using the materials provided.
   *Provide a portable music source (wireless speaker, iPad) and encourage
   children to listen to and identify the different rhythms they hear. Add
   colourful scarves and other fun props to encourage big body creative
   movement incorporating patterning. Encouraging children to internalize
   and make emotional connections to the world around them using the five
   senses cultivates strong eco-stewardship and math learning. In addition
   to guiding children through the teacher-initiated games and activities
   listed above, there are many more ways to cultivate a mathematically
   rich and responsive learning environment in any outdoor space.
   []^[DEL: :DEL]
   Posted by Mrs. McLennan at 7:15 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: math, math mindset, math talk, mathematical mindset, nature,
   outdoor learning, outdoors, senses

Monday, September 2, 2019

Cultivating a Math Rich Learning Space

   [thumbnail?appId=YMailNorrin]     [thumbnail?appId=YMailNorrin]
   [thumbnail?appId=YMailNorrin]
   It's Labour Day! This time of year always fills me with hope. Although
   it's sometimes sad to be leaving the fun and comforts of summer -
   spending time with my children, sleeping in, enjoying the back yard
   with my pup - it's exciting to think of the possibilities of another
   school year. Like a blank canvas waiting to be painted, our classroom
   evolves and changes over time as the children and I learn and explore
   together.
   As we head back into the school year many educators are working
   thoughtfully to create environments that are rich with math
   possibility. In Reggio Emilia the environment exists as the 'third
   teacher' inspiring, supporting, and extending children's learning in
   rich and complex ways. I have been contacted by many educators asking
   for advice on how to best set up their classroom and routines in order
   to create as many opportunities for authentic math as possible. This
   has inspired today's blog post - how to cultivate a math rich learning
   space for children at the beginning of another school year.
   I thought it would be easiest to create this as a 'math check list'
   with points to read and consider. When I reflect upon my own math
   pedagogy and practice, these are what I think stand out as
   mathematically meaningful for the educators, children and families that
   share our space. Although this check list isn't all inclusive, I
   thought it might spark some ideas to support and inspire as we enjoy
   the final weekend of summer and start back in our classroom with open
   eyes, minds and hearts this week.
   1. Make math a part of every space in the classroom and child's school
   world. In the classroom are there math tools and materials available
   for use beyond a 'math center or math shelf'? Do children see how math
   relates to every subject in the space (e.g., how materials are sorted
   and stored on the toy shelf, how measurement is used when children
   decide on a size of paper to use for their project)? Can they translate
   math tools and ideas into other spaces in their immediate school world
   (e.g., see how math relates to their walks in the hallway or work in
   the gym)?
   2. Ground and build math concepts into known objects for children. When
   introducing, extending or innovating a math idea is it organic and
   natural to the child's explorations and world? For example, it is more
   natural to engage children in an exploration of measurement if they
   measure things in their immediate world using the stick they are
   playing with, instead of using a standardized ruler (e.g., "Can you
   find something the same length as your stick in the yard?", "What is
   taller than your body?").
   3. Use available math moments with children. In our classroom we have a
   large block of uninterrupted play each day. It's sometimes challenging
   to manage children, materials and activities during center time.
   However I try to engage with children as much as possible in the
   activities, and take on the role of 'play partner' together with them.
   When I am actively playing I am able to closely observe what they are
   saying and doing, helping me to identify and extend the rich math
   learning that is organically occurring (e.g., helping children to
   recognize why their tower keeps falling, using math terms when they
   equally share the play dough, introducing math terms as they discuss
   how many cars are in their parking lot).
   4. Become a math role-model for children, families, and colleagues.
   Even if math isn't your favourite subject, how do you discuss it within
   your school and classroom? Are you excited by new activities and
   resources? Do you demonstrate a growth mindset? When mathematical
   situations arise with children that you aren't sure of, can you use
   these opportunities to showcase positive thinking and problem-solving?
   Share your new math learning with others - suggest articles and books
   you're reading and post these throughout your classroom to enhance
   documentation displays.
   5. Find the math in everything. Many educators plan forward by choosing
   curriculum and programming expectations and then building activities to
   fulfill these. Try back-mapping activities from time to time; embrace
   child-centered, organic experiences and then deconstruct them in order
   to identify the rich math concepts and curriculum expectations that
   they utilize. You'll be surprised to find that math happens in almost
   every experience children have in the classroom.
   6. Try looking at life through a mathematical lens. When planning
   invitations for learning in your classroom, see what math you can sneak
   in as well. Changing one or two elements of the experience might be
   enough to engage children in rich math. It reminds me of how I used to
   sneak veggies into my children's meals - a little can go a long way!
   7. Collaborate mathematically with colleagues. Share new ideas and
   resources informally. It's easy and effective to create math
   invitations and activities and share these within your school or
   division. If every educator plans one or two activities and these are
   shared, children will benefit from many rich and interesting games and
   activities without the burden of planning and preparation it would take
   one educator to accomplish the same.
   8. Record and celebrate your math moments. Help children, families, and
   colleagues recognize that math happens everywhere in the classroom by
   creating a documentation display with photos, anecdotal observations
   and connections to curriculum. This bulletin board can be built over
   the course of the school year as artifacts of learning are continually
   added by staff and students. Keep sticky notes nearby and invite
   observers to record their own ideas and share them by posting the notes
   within the documentation.
   9. Engage families in joyful math with children outside of school.
   Consider ways that you can promote and extend math for children after
   school. Encouraging families to play math games and activities together
   with their children will not only provide children with additional
   meaningful math moments, but it may help older family members reconcile
   their fear or dislike of math. In our classroom we send home 'family
   math bags' once a week. These are filled with math invitations and
   materials so that children and their families can play games inspired
   by our classroom work.
   10. Build your collection of math stories, songs and games. Children
   love to sing, dance and play games. Ask colleagues to share their
   favourite games and activities, and use these to help with transitions
   and other 'math moments' throughout the day. Quite often the words in
   songs can easily be improvised to match something happening in your
   classroom, and many rich storybooks have mathematical elements and
   problems embedded within them that can inspire children.
   These are just a few of the ways in which I cultivate a rich math space
   with children. I'd love to hear from you! Share your math ideas in the
   comments below, and consider following my Facebook page  Joyful
   Learning in the Early Years for regular math ideas from my classroom!
   Posted by Mrs. McLennan at 11:09 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: back to school, Facebook, math, math mindset, math talk,
   mathematical mindset, measurement, measuring, number sense, number
   talk, number talks, numbers, September

Sunday, June 16, 2019

What does the Equal Sign Really Mean?

   A few years ago I was presented with this question at a workshop and
   asked to consider how a group of students would respond. After some
   discussion our group thought that children might recognize the third as
   incorrect. I was surprised when the presenter shared that most
   children, regardless of grade or age, think that the third example is
   right and the rest are incorrect. Why is that?
   [equal%2B20.jpg]
   Most children associate the equal sign (=) with the word 'answer', so
   they look for traditional algebraic representations. This is why
   despite the third statement being incorrect, it looks like something
   most children regularly see and use in math (addend plus addend equals
   sum) so they assume it is correct. Example one, two and four don't look
   typical for many children, so they aren't sure about them and assume
   they are incorrect.
   Mathematical equations must have an equal sign indicating that two
   expressions have the same value.
   10 is the same (or equal to) 10.
   3 + 7 and 8 + 2 both equal 10.
   10 is the same as 9 + 1.
   Therefore providing children introductions to many different ways of
   writing equations, and tangible, hands-on experience with the idea of
   equality is very important. Despite their age young children are
   capable of using complex math in context, including the proper
   terminology for symbols like the equal sign. This can be done in many
   ways in kindergarten. Over the course of the last year we have been on
   a journey to help children understand the equal sign. This blog post
   outlines some of what we have done in order to achieve success.
   Using Proper Terminology in Math Discussion and Discourse
   In our classroom we start each morning with a number talk during our
   morning message. I was curious to see what my students knew about the
   equal sign, and how they would describe their thinking mathematically.
   I asked the following question:
   [equal%2B1.jpg]
   The first few times we reviewed this prompt children replied by telling
   me that the equal sign meant 'answer'. They knew that four added to one
   was the same as five, but they could not articulate this clearly. I
   knew that much practice was needed to help children look at numbers in
   new ways, explore the idea of equal amounts and equality, and play with
   equations in different ways. After a few months exploring these
   throughout many whole and small group conversations and math
   invitations, I again asked children the same question. They responded
   by saying:
   "Four plus one is the same as five. They are both five."
   "Both sides are the same. They are equal. It's like if I gave you four
   and one cookies and I had five. We would both have the same. It would
   be fair."
   "Each side is the same as the other."
   "It's like this." (child holds up one hand and shows five fingers and
   then holds up the other hand with five fingers. "Each hand has five
   fingers. They are the same."
   In our classroom we explored the following activities many times and in
   many different contexts to help build this algebraic understanding.
   Much of this work happened before we even looked at a written equation
   with numbers and symbols.
   Building on Mirrors
   We offered children mini wooden cubes on mirrors. As they built towers
   children realized that the reflections of their creations were doubling
   the total amount that they used. This was a rich opportunity to discuss
   the idea of equal (e.g., "The number of blocks used in your tower is
   equal to the blocks in its reflection.") and doubling (e.g., "We can
   double the number of blocks you used in your tower to calculate the
   total number of blocks used.").
   [equal%2B2.jpg]         [equation%2B22.jpg]
   Subitizing Match
   Understanding that there are many different ways to represent the same,
   or equal amounts, is a foundational number sense strategy. Not only
   does this help children become more accurate and confident when
   identifying/calculating/comparing sets of objects, it provides an
   opportunity to show equal amounts (e.g., five tallies = five dots = the
   number 5).
   We used subitizing cards and encouraged children to match them to
   random numbers written on a chart...
   [equal%2B14.jpg]           [equal%2B15.jpg]
    ...and also played games where children were encouraged to find
   similarities between number representations. In this game children were
   asked to find at least three different dot arrangements to represent
   the same number.
   [equal%2B16.jpg]      [equal%2B17.jpg]
   Creating equal number strings is also helpful. Sometimes we will use
   the date as a number prompt and ask the children to explore
   representations in different ways. In the following picture we showed
   children three different ways of arranging 8 hearts and asked them to
   create equations based on what they saw.
   [equal%2B18.jpg]
   After exploring the arrangements the children shared the following:
   4 = 4
   4 + 4 = 8
   2 + 2 + 2 + 2 = 8
   8 + 0 = 8
   1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 = 8
   Sharing at Centers
   Play dough is one of the most popular centers in our classroom and
   despite making a double batch each week, sharing equally among the
   large number of friends tends to be problematic. Usually the first
   child to visit the center grabs the entire big ball of dough, and
   reluctantly tears off small amounts to the children who slowly make
   their way there. "That's not fair! You have more than me!" is
   frequently heard at the table. As educators we felt this would be an
   excellent, real life situation to help children think about equality
   and equal amounts in a meaningful context. In addition to supporting
   and scaffolding this directly at the center, we encouraged children to
   think about fair, equal amounts by adding plates and laminated photos
   of each child to the center.
           [equal%2B9.jpg]     [equal%2B10.jpg]
   We also added tools like cutters and asked children how they could
   divide the play dough into equal amounts. "How do you know it's equal?"
   was an interesting conversation starter and the children's ideas for
   equality were interesting (e.g., "We could see if it fits in the same
   container.", "We could measure it with a scale to see if it weighs the
   same.")
   [equal%2B21.jpg]
   Real Life Math Problems
   Inspired by the children's problem solving at the play dough center, we
   used our morning message to ask children deeper, more complex questions
   regarding equality and fair sharing. Because they love seeing
   themselves on the morning message, it was effective to ask how four
   children might share six cookies equally.
   [equal%2B12.jpg]
   The children saw the cookies as two groups of three, and then split the
   three cookies in three ways. We used arrows to represent what it was
   they were saying. After some conversation and use of real props they
   also recognized that three halves were equal to one whole and one half
   of a cookie, helping us delve in early fraction work.
   1/2 + 1/2 + 1/2 = 1 + 1/2
   [equal%2B13.jpg]
     Building Equals
   The children love to create with pattern blocks and are especially
   skilled at designing intricate tessellations. Wanting to introduce the
   concept of rotational symmetry we created eight equal sections using
   tape on the carpet. After building the children recognized that the
   blocks used in each section were equal to, or the same, as the other
   seven. This activity was also made available during outdoor play by
   placing tape directly on the pavement and offering children a basket of
   pattern blocks.
   [equal%2B5.jpg] [equal%2B6.jpg] [equal%2B7.jpg]
     Equation Clothesline
   Another equality invitation offered to children for exploration was the
   equation clothesline. This consisted of a string hung between two
   posts, clothespins, and subitizing cards. Children were able to
   represent balanced equations by finding different representations of
   numbers and pinning them on the clothesline. Equations could be simple
   (as shown in the photo where the number 2 = 2 dots on a five frame) or
   complex by adding addition or subtraction signs on each side of the
   equation (1 + 1 = 3 - 1). This provided multiple entry points into the
   activity with a way of differentiating it for children's needs and
   interests.
   [equal%2B19.jpg]
   Visual Representation of an Equation
   In order to help children move towards thinking in algebraic
   representations we provided a visual 'scale' along with numbers written
   on sticky notes. Children were invited to try and create a balanced
   equation by first placing numbers on the scale and then adding the
   equal sign (also written on a sticky note) to the visual. We did not
   write the equal sign directly on the paper because we also had 'greater
   than' and 'less than' signs offered on stickies in order to
   differentiate the activity for children who were working at that
   level.
   [equal%2B19.jpg]
   Equation Sort
   Another activity to help children practise identifying correct
   equations is the 'equation sort'. In this activity we presented
   children with a number of equations and asked them to sort them as
   'correct' or 'incorrect'. Children had to justify their choices by
   using math language to describe their thinking. A great extension is to
   offer children blank strips and encourage them to create their own
   correct and incorrect equations and place them under the corresponding
   categories.
   [D9Rxj36XYAEKCK0.jpg]
   [equation%2B2.jpg]
   Greater Than, Less Than
   Now that children are comfortable with the concept of equality, we are
   exploring other relationships that numbers have with one another.
   Inequality is something that children have expressed an interest it. We
   are starting our explorations by using the language 'less than' and
   'greater than' in contexts to describe sets of objects, and creating
   the  <  and  >  symbols to show these relationships. Cubes and craft
   sticks are an easy invitation to try out.
   [equal%2B4.jpg]
   It will be interesting to see where this journey continues. Please feel
   free to share your explorations and activities with equality and
   inequality in the comments below, or tweet us your ideas and feedback
   at @McLennan1977.
   Posted by Mrs. McLennan at 5:16 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: adding, addition, comparing, counting, cubes, equal, equation,
   equations, number sense, number talk, number talks, numbers, play
   dough, subitizing, subtracting, subtraction

Sunday, September 30, 2018

Puddle Play - Rethinking the 'Math Classroom'

   We are always looking for opportunities to head outside and enjoy the
   weather, even when it might be a little wet or cold. Last week our area
   enjoyed quite a bit of heavy autumn rain. The children spent much of
   the morning peering through the window and marveling at how much rain
   was falling. After a few hours they noticed a giant puddle forming in
   the corner. As the rain continued to fall and the puddle grew, the
   children became concerned that their outdoor play time would be
   hampered by the rain.
   Fortunately by the early afternoon the rain tapered and the children
   were able to head outdoors. We are lucky to have a class set of rain
   boots purchased by the school parent council for use in our outdoor
   classroom. This way children can enjoy playing in our school yard, even
   when they might forget to bring their boots to school that day. We are
   always prepared and the children ready to explore the world outdoors.
   Even the giant puddle would be no problem that day!
   The children scurried outside after eating lunch - many wearing
   mismatched school boots because they couldn't get them on their feet
   fast enough because they were so eager to explore the water.
   [IMG_6970.JPG]
   As I approached them I was amazed by the authentic math talk developing
   in this natural and authentic learning environment. As I listened into
   their conversations I overhead children wondering with each other about
   amazingly big math ideas...
   How many children could fit in the puddle?  Did each person's feet have
   to be touching to be counted? Did children who were jumping in and out
   of the puddle count too?
   [IMG_6964.JPG]
   How deep was the water? How much water was there really in the big
   puddle? Could it fill a bath tub? How could it even be measured?
   [IMG_6990.JPG]
   Who could make the biggest splash? How would they even judge how big
   the splash was? Could it be measured? Was the biggest splash the one
   that soaked the most children standing nearby?
   [IMG_7001.JPG]
   Could the water be used to make soup? How much water was needed in the
   recipe? Would anyone even want to eat mud soup?
   [IMG_7007.JPG]
   How much water was in one's rain boots after a big splash? How long did
   it take to dump it out? How did all that water get in there in the
   first place?
   [IMG_7018.JPG]
   How much more water was needed to cover the stump? Was the stump
   floating or sinking in the water?  How tall was the stump? What if it
   rained more...would the stump be under water?
   [IMG_E6983.JPG]
   How long would it take to run across the puddle? Who could run the
   fastest over the water? How could we measure and record the puddle
   races?
   [IMG_7019.JPG] [IMG_7021.JPG]
   The children were making connections between their puddle play and math
   in the world around them. The questions they were posing about their
   experiences in the water were meaningful to them, supporting and
   strengthening their productive disposition towards math. As an educator
   involved in their play, I was able to listen to their questions and
   facilitate conversation and critical thinking about the big math ideas.
   How could we figure out who could make the biggest splash? What
   experiences did the children have measuring the size of something
   irregular. What tools and resources were available to help support this
   inquiry? Could technology play a role? Would children be interested in
   revisiting these math questions at a later time or would their interest
   only occur when playing in the puddles?
   As the children and I engaged in conversations about their questions
   they were developing adaptive reasoning skills - this is the capacity
   for logical thought, reflection and justification in their math
   thinking. As children connected what they were observing and
   experiencing in the puddle play to their own unique experiences and
   ideas, they were engaged in rich learning as they reflected upon and
   justified their questions, ideas and strategies to solve the puddle
   math problems.
   Even though many of the children's questions were not answered, the
   purposeful outdoor math exploration encouraged children to develop a
   strong conceptual understanding of a variety of developmentally
   appropriate math topics related specifically to our curriculum
   including measurement, counting, capacity, classification, time and
   quantity. I was able to support their conversations and provide
   suggestions and strategies in the moment. I became a play participant
   together with them by playing in the puddles myself.
   What had originally looked to be a damper on our outdoor fun turned
   into a complex and layered opportunity for rich math thinking during an
   activity that most children love to do - explore the rain. It just
   shows that math can happen anywhere, anytime, when we are willing to
   rethink what the 'math classroom' should look like.
   Posted by Mrs. McLennan at 10:11 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: autumn, counting, growth mindset, math, math mindset, math
   talk, measuring, nature, outdoors, puddles, rain, water

Sunday, September 16, 2018

Anchor of Five

Anchor of 5

   A successful math program for children will have an emphasis on number
   sense as its foundation. Number sense is a natural part of all other
   strands (e.g., geometry, patterning, data management). Exploring number
   relationships help children build fluency, accuracy and confidence.
   Five frames provide a visual reference to the anchor of 5. Five is a
   'friendly number' for children. They associate five with the most
   natural of math 'manipulatives' that they always have
   available...fingers on one hand! The number system that we use in
   Canada encourages an understanding of place value that is dependent on
   groupings of 10, and understanding groups of 5 will evolve into 10.
   This is a key foundation for future place value work. Here is a review
   of some of our math work this week.
   Read alouds

   We used many engaging, patterned texts during our whole group circle
   time that focused on groups of 5. In books like 'Five Busy Beavers' a
   group of 5 beavers slowly decreases to 1 as each beaver leaves the
   water for other adventures. Children can see the group decrease by 1
   each time, and predict what the new number will be. They can subitize
   the new number as they observe the number of beavers on each page, or
   follow along and use their fingers to chant along with the text. This
   book can then be added to a math centre where manipulatives can be
   provided to further enhance the text and encourage children to play
   with the numbers 1 through 5.
   [blogger-image-1774348708.jpg]
   A Number Station
   During free choice time the children had the opportunity to visit a
   math centre where various manipulatives and tools were made available
   for children to play with the numbers. A number line, wooden and mirror
   numbers, five frames, finger tracers, and natural materials were
   available for children to explore. Students matched, counted, sorted,
   patterned, and ordered the manipulatives, often composing groups of 5.
   [blogger-image-224559004.jpg]
   Morning Message
   Each morning we start our day with a morning message. One of the most
   important words that children first learn to read and write are their
   names (their own, and those of their peers). We used our 'star of the
   day' to model how our names fit into five frames (and sometimes beyond
   the five frame if the name has more than five letters). This helped us
   conceptualize the anchor of five and also introduced some concepts of
   print too (e.g., that words are composed of letters and that letters
   represent sounds).
   [blogger-image-896870335.jpg]
   Number Line
   We brought a number line outdoors with us during our outdoor play time.
   It was interesting to see how the children created their own games
   without adult prompting. Some children gathered natural materials and
   placed them next to the numbers (e.g., 7 stones next to the number 7).
   Others used the line as a tool in a jumping game, starting at the 0 and
   seeing who could jump the furthest and reach the biggest number!
   [blogger-image-2008146218.jpg]
   [jump.jpg]
   How Many are Hiding?
   Whole group time is also a great opportunity to introduce meaningful
   math games that children can then play in small groups or during free
   choice play time. To help children compose to the anchor of five, we
   used a group of five unifix cubes. Children are first shown the five in
   a line. The player then hides some cubes behind his/her back and shows
   the group the remaining cubes. The group has to calculate how many
   cubes are hidden, encouraging them to subitize and compose to the
   anchor of 5. They indicate the missing quantity by holding their
   fingers up to the player who then reveals the missing quantity.
   [blogger-image--1873219572.jpg]
   [blogger-image-1718002691.jpg]
   Fingerplays
   We love to sing each day. Our children loved the fingerplay "Five
   Little Monkeys Swinging in a Tree". To enrich the experience with
   meaningful math, we added a magnetic five frame to the song. As the
   children sang along and used their fingers to decompose the number 5 to
   1, we removed counters from the frame as they count. During play time
   many children enjoyed leading their peers in a singing of the song!
   [blogger-image-30982744.jpg]
   [blogger-image-1142618890.jpg]
   Pentomino Challenge
   Pentominoes are a wonderful math manipulative that encourage spatial
   reasoning and use an anchor of five as each unique piece is created
   using five small squares. A challenge that encouraged perseverance and
   spatial logic this week involved challenging the children to fill a
   standard cookie tray with pieces, leaving no gaps in the puzzle.
   [blogger-image--2106405917.jpg]
   [blogger-image--1666831700.jpg]
   We love learning from others! Share your favourite math activities that
   encourage an exploration of the anchor of 5 in the comments below!
   Posted by Mrs. McLennan at 10:33 AM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: literacy, manipulatives, math, names, number sense, number
   talk, number talks, numbers, outdoor learning, outdoors, outside

Thursday, May 10, 2018

Printable Pentominoes

   In our kindergarten classroom children enjoy spending time working with
   math manipulatives
   that encourage playful explorations with shape in a variety of ways.
   One of our favourite tools are
   versatile pentominoes.
   Pentominoes are polygons made of five, equal-sized squares connected
   edge-to-edge. There are twelve
   different pentominoes in one set. You can purchase pentominoes from
   educational resource stores, or
   print paper copies on card stock and laminate for children’s use
   here:https://bit.ly/2wtFt0d
   [IMG_5282.jpg]
   There are many reasons why pentominoes are an essential math tool for
   any early childhood classroom.
   Pentominoes:
   1. are gamelike in nature and promote a positive attitude towards math
   2. encourage cooperation and collaboration among children
   3. Promote math thinking in a variety of areas including spatial
   reasoning (logic when solving
    puzzles, symmetry, reflection, rotation, design), measurement
   (considering the area and perimeter
   of designs), and number sense (counting the number of tiles or squares
   in a design, calculating the
   total number of squares using the anchor of 5)
   [pent%2B1.jpg] [pent%2B2.jpg]
   [pent%2B3.jpg] [pent%2B4.jpg]
    We have used pentominoes in many classroom activities. To see what
   we've done and follow our math journey, follow us on twitter
   @McLennan1977. Share your favourite pentomino activities in the comment
   section below!
   Posted by Mrs. McLennan at 3:02 PM No comments:
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Labels: collaboration, logic, math, pentominoes, printable, problem
   solving, puzzles, spatial logic, spatial reasoning, spatial thinking,
   Taking Shape

   Older Posts Home

   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

   Related Posts Plugin for WordPress, Blogger...

Deanna Pecaski McLennan

   Deanna Pecaski McLennan
   Deanna Pecaski McLennan, Ph.D., is an educator in Southern Ontario who
   is greatly influenced by the Reggio Emilia approach to Early Childhood
   Education. She believes in a play-based, exploratory, democratic
   learning environment and has spent much time reading, researching, and
   writing about these various issues. Contact her at
   deannapecaskimclennan@yahoo.ca.

NAEYC Member Expert

   NAEYC Member Expert
   TYC Editorial Advisory Board

@McLennan1977

   Tweets by @McLennan1977

Follow by Email

   ____________________ Submit

Visitors

   Hit Counters
   Free Web Counter

Blog Tags

   21st century 3 act math acetate acrylic adding addition aesthetic
   airplane algorithms alphabet ambulance Andy Goldsworthy animals ants
   anxiety app apples apps AQ Arctic area arrows art art centre article
   artifacts artist Artwork Assembly assessment attention Attitude
   authentic author study autumn babies baby back to school bakery baking
   baking soda balloons balls barrier games baskets bath beach beads bean
   bags beanbags beans bears beautiful stuff bees bellows Big Crunch Bingo
   birds blocks blog blooms blossoms Boaler boats Body books boxes boys
   bridge Bubble wrap bubbles buddies buds bugs building bulbs bullying
   butter butterflies Butterfly buttons calendar camera camping can drive
   candy cane candy canes cans cardboard cards care caring cars castle
   catapult catapults caterpillars cats cause and effect celebration
   centres chalk chalkboard characters charity chart chicken wire child
   centered childhood chocolate chocolate factory chocolate shop
   Chopsticks Christmas circle circles circumference classroom clay clean
   up clipboards clothespins clothing cloud dough coding coins cold
   collaboration collage collections colour colour mix colour mixing
   colours comfort communication community community building community
   helpers comparing comprehension computation computers confidence
   confident connected construction cookies cooking cooperation corn
   cornstarch counting cows craft crayons creating creation creative
   movement creative play creativity cubbies cubes curriculum cutting
   dance dancing data management decoration description design designs
   determination developmentally appropriate dice Die digital dinosaurs
   directions discovery discussion display displays diversity division
   doctor Doctor office doctor's office documentation documentation panels
   documenting dollhouse dolls dominoes donations dot day dots dragonflies
   drama dramascape dramatic art Dramatic arts Dramatic play drawing dress
   up dressing droppers drops dry erase ducks Earth Day easel Easter
   education educators effort eggs elastic so elastics electricity elf
   emergent emotions empathy empowerment energy environment environmental
   awareness environmental print equal equation equations estimating
   estimation ETFO evaluation excellence exercise experiment
   experimentation exploration explorations fabric fabrics Facebook
   fairies fall families family farm farms feathers feelings feet felt
   field trip Fighting Island fine motor fine motor control finger
   painting finger printing fingerprinting fingerprints first day first
   week fish five frame fixing float and sink florist flower flower shop
   flowers flying foam foil food food colouring food drive forms forsythia
   found materials fractions frames friendship frogs frozen fruits ft full
   day learning fun funnels gak game games garden gardening gems Gender
   Geoboards geometry germs gifts Gingerbread girls giving glitter global
   glue goggles gold goop grade 1 graph graphing graphs grids gross motor
   control grouping growing growth mindset gym habitat Halloween hand-eye
   coordination hat day hats healing health healthy eating healthy living
   hearts helping helping each other hives Hockey holiday holidays home
   connections hoouring hope hopscotch house hundreds chart hundreds grid
   hyacinth hypothesis ice ice cream ideas illustrations imagination
   iMovie imprints independence ingredients inquiry insects inspiration
   instruments integrated learning interviews invention investigation
   invisible invitation ipad iPads keys kindergarten kitchen kites
   language learning learning goals leaves Lego legos length leprechaun
   letters library lids life cycle life cycles lifecycle light light box
   light table lines links liquid listening listening center literacy
   living things location logic loose parts lost and found Mac Tac
   machines magnets mail mail bag Maker makerspace mandala manipulatives
   map maple syrup maps marble run marbles March markers masks matching
   math math mind math mindset math talk mathematical mindset mazes
   meaningful measurement measuring medical melting Mentor texts mentors
   messages messy messy recipe messy recipes microscope Milk Mindfulness
   mirror mirrors mittens mixing mixture money morning message mosaic moss
   motorcycles movement Mr. Potato Head Mrs. McLennan Mrs. Wishy-Washy mud
   mud kitchen music musical instruments mystery mystery object names
   natural materials nature necklaces nests networking new year newsletter
   no more worksheets nonfiction noodles number sense number talk number
   talks numbers numerals oatmeal observation observations obstacle course
   ocean October office one to one correspondence online opposites oral
   language ordering organization ornaments outdoor learning outdoors
   outside overhead machine overheads owls package padlet paint painted
   ladies painting painting found materials pancakes paper paper mache
   paper mâché papers Parents partnership pasta pastels patience pattern
   pattern blocks patterning patterns PD pentaminoes pentominoes
   performance perimeter perseverance persistence pet store pets
   photography photos physical education Pic Collage pictures pincher
   grasp pinecones pipettes pirates Pj planning planting Plants plasticine
   play play day play dough play plan playdough playscape playscapes
   playtime PLN police officers pond Poppy portraits positive positivity
   possibilities post office posters potato head potion potions pouring
   practice predicting prediction predictions presentation presents
   pretend preying mantis primary colours print making printable printing
   printmaking prints probability problem solving process professional
   development programming programs project provocation publication
   published puddle puddles pumpkin pumpkins puppets puzzles QR codes
   quantity questions quote rain rainbow reaction reading recipe recipes
   recycle recycling reference Reflection reflective thinking Reggio
   Emilia relaxation Remembrance Day representing research resiliency
   responsibility retell ribbon rice roads robust rocks role-play
   role-playing rollers routine routines RTI runs safety salt sand scale
   scent School science scissors sculpting sculpture sea glass seasonal
   secondary colours secret message seeds Seesaw self-portrait
   self-portrait animals senses sensory separation anxiety September
   sequencing Sewing shades shadows shamrocks shape shapes shared reading
   shared writing sharing shaving cream shells show and share sign in
   singing size sketch sketching sledding slime smart board Smartboard
   snack snail snails snakes Snapdragons snow snowflakes snowman snowmen
   snowsuits soap social change social issues social media solid song
   sorting sound sounds sounds printing soup spatial logic spatial
   reasoning spatial thinking speaking spectrum spelling spiders spies
   spinner spinners splatter sponges spooky spoons sportsmanship spray
   bottles spring sprouts spy spy headquarters squares squash St.
   Patrick's Day stained glass stampers stamping stamps starting school
   STEAM STEM stereotypes still life stones storify story storytelling
   straws streamers stringing structures su biting subitizing subjects
   subtracting subtraction summer sun sun catchers sunflower sunflowers
   supplies support surprise survey surveys syllable segmentation symmetry
   t-chart tactile tadpoles Taking Shape tallies tally tally charts tape
   taste teacher candidates teachers teaching team teamwork tech
   technology ten black dots ten frame ten frames texture thanks tiles
   time lapse tissue paper tools Toronto tour town tracing Train
   transitions transparencies treasure treasures tree trees tubes tulle
   TVO tweezers twitter understanding upcycle Valentine's day valentines
   vegetables vehicles vet video videos vinegar virtual visitors
   vocabulary volunteers vote voting walk washing water water beads water
   play Water table watercolours weather weaving web webinar webs Website
   websites weight wind-up toys winter wonder wood Wordle wordless books
   workshop worms WOW words writing yarn youtube

Popular Posts

     * A Space of Wonder and Discovery: Our Classroom Tour
       For many years now I have been greatly inspired by the Reggio
       Emilia approach to early childhood education and have sought any
       source o...
     * Printable Activities to Support Open-Ended Mathematics
       I continue to be inspired by the rich math learning I have been
       offered in my recent professional development. Research shows that
       early ma...
     * Coding Stories and Games
       We are pleased to have presented our workshop  Creating Coding
       Stories and Games at the 2018 ETFO Kindergart...
     * Playful Symmetry
       "Mathematics is one of the essential emanations of the human spirit
       - a thing to be valued in and for itself - like a...
     * Thinking in Algorithms: Why kids need to code in kindergarten
       Kids already have too much screen time. Isn't coding just another
       buzz word in education right now? I don't have time to learn...
     * Co-created Colour Wheel
       The kids have been very interested in rainbows lately - I think
       their thoughts are turning to spring! We decided to explore the
       colours of ...
     * Anchor of Five
       Anchor of 5 A successful math program for children will have an
       emphasis on number sense as its foundation. Number sense is a
       natura...
     * Mirror Building
       I have been reading a lot lately regarding the use of mirrors to
       enhance exploration and creativity in Reggio Emilia inspired
       activities an...
     * Planning in an Emergent Program
       We are a Reggio Emilia-Inspired classroom. We believe: that
       children are capable and creative, and the interests, strengths and
       need...

Blog Archive

     * ▼  2019 (4)
          + ▼  September (3)
               o Math and Literacy Family Bags
               o Exploring the Outdoors Mathematically with the Fiv...
               o Cultivating a Math Rich Learning Space
          + ►  June (1)

     * ►  2018 (6)
          + ►  September (2)
          + ►  May (3)
          + ►  April (1)

     * ►  2017 (16)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  September (2)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  May (2)
          + ►  April (2)
          + ►  March (3)
          + ►  February (4)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2016 (148)
          + ►  December (1)
          + ►  November (2)
          + ►  October (11)
          + ►  September (14)
          + ►  August (1)
          + ►  June (8)
          + ►  May (28)
          + ►  April (30)
          + ►  March (12)
          + ►  February (21)
          + ►  January (20)

     * ►  2015 (217)
          + ►  December (16)
          + ►  November (40)
          + ►  September (17)
          + ►  July (4)
          + ►  June (26)
          + ►  May (38)
          + ►  April (25)
          + ►  March (14)
          + ►  February (22)
          + ►  January (15)

     * ►  2014 (245)
          + ►  December (21)
          + ►  November (23)
          + ►  October (43)
          + ►  September (26)
          + ►  August (2)
          + ►  June (14)
          + ►  May (28)
          + ►  April (25)
          + ►  March (16)
          + ►  February (30)
          + ►  January (17)

     * ►  2013 (53)
          + ►  December (14)
          + ►  November (1)
          + ►  October (3)
          + ►  June (1)
          + ►  May (5)
          + ►  April (7)
          + ►  March (7)
          + ►  February (10)
          + ►  January (5)

     * ►  2012 (67)
          + ►  December (13)
          + ►  November (9)
          + ►  October (8)
          + ►  September (6)
          + ►  August (1)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  March (4)
          + ►  February (10)
          + ►  January (15)

     * ►  2011 (266)
          + ►  December (10)
          + ►  November (22)
          + ►  October (43)
          + ►  September (23)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  June (31)
          + ►  May (30)
          + ►  April (23)
          + ►  March (22)
          + ►  February (29)
          + ►  January (32)

     * ►  2010 (122)
          + ►  December (26)
          + ►  November (38)
          + ►  October (33)
          + ►  September (19)
          + ►  August (6)

   Site Meter
   Ethereal theme. Theme images by konradlew. Powered by Blogger.
