   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-K6RFL9Q

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
   [U_Multirank_claim.png]
     * For Students
          + Best University for Me
          + How to Choose a University
               o What is the best university?
               o What should I study?
               o Where should I study?
               o How important is reputation?
               o Will I get a good education?
               o How do universities vary?
               o What about the student life?
               o What does it cost?
               o What will it mean for my future and career?
               o What should I think about that hasn’t crossed my mind
                 yet?
          + Universities by Subject
          + Universities by Country
          + Explore All Universities
     * Compare Universities by Name
     * University Rankings
          + Create My Own Ranking
               o Compare Universities by Subject
               o Compare Universities as a Whole
               o Compare Universities by Name
               o Compare My University
               o Compare Universities
          + Readymade Rankings
               o Research and Research Linkages Ranking
               o Economic Engagement Ranking
               o Teaching and Learning Rankings
               o International Orientation Rankings
               o Applied Knowledge Partnerships Ranking
               o Universities of Science and Technology Rankings
          + University Rankings by Subject
          + University Rankings by Country
               o University Rankings - Europe
               o University Rankings - North America
               o University Rankings - South America
               o University Rankings - Asia
               o University Rankings - Africa
               o University Rankings - Australia
          + Top Performing Universities
               o 2019
               o 2018
     * Press / Media
          + Press Releases
               o Open border universities perform better in knowledge
                 transfer, research impact and education
               o U-Multirank releases fifth annual world rankings of
                 universities
               o U-Multirank announces new governance structure
               o U-Multirank: Transparency over excellence
          + What people say about U-Multirank
          + Newsletters
          + U-Multirank News
               o Teaching & Learning in U-Multirank
               o U-Multirank provides open-access to all its data
               o New Indicator on Gender Balance
               o Measures that matter - Interdisciplinary publications
               o Students speak – Teaching and learning matters!
               o Community engagement: Can it be measured
          + U-Multirank in the Media
          + Media Center
               o Public
               o Infographics
               o Videos
               o Documents
     * Blog
     * About
          + About U-Multirank
               o The Project
               o The Consortium
               o Frequently Asked Questions
               o Legal Information
               o Data Access
          + Methodology
               o Our Approach
               o Data Sources
               o Rank Group Calculation
               o Indicators
               o Glossary
          + Contact us
               o University Registration
               o Data Request
               o Contact & Help
          + Participant Login
     * ____________________
     *

University and College Rankings 2019-2020

   Compare more than 1,700 universities and colleges from 96 countries
   worldwide and find your best matching university with U-Multirank
   university rankings.
   University Rankings by Subject
   [Icon_oval_sign.png_575071416.png]

Personalized University Ranking

   Compare universities in your own way by creating personalized
   university ranking
   [Icon_oval_expl.png_575071416.png]

Find Your University's Ranking

   Discover all universities and their ranking in U-Multirank
   [Icon_oval_gem.png_575071416.png]

Access to U-Multirank Ranking Data

   U-Multirank offers a free access option of all its university ranking
   data
   Registration for U-Multirank University Ranking Data Collection is
   online
   Register Now

U-Multirank Blog

NEW: In the dark, all universities look the same


   Andreas Schleicher, Director for the Directorate of Education and
   Skills, OECD

World University Rankings 2019

   ‘Open border’ universities perform better in knowledge transfer,
   research impact and education...

How to choose a university?

What is the best university?

   There’s no such thing as the best university in the world. What’s best
   depends on who you are, what you want from your student experience, and
   even...

What should I study?

   There are two ways to approach the question of where to study. You can
   think about what’s the right thing to study for your chosen career...

Where should I study?

   Some people choose to live at home while they study. Many prefer to
   stay nearby – or at least in the same country...

Start with a subject...

     * Economics
     * Mechanical Engineering
     * Sociology
     * Medicine
     * Business Studies
     * more >

Start with a country...

     * Germany
     * Spain
     * The Netherlands
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * more >

   [Joao-Pinto_ESN-President_v2-1.jpg]

   The selection of an institution to study abroad is not an easy task.
   Through U-Multirank, students can make an informed decision based on
   the criteria that best meets their needs and expectations, being it
   social or academic, increasing the quality of their abroad experience.
   ... More
   João Pinto, President of the Erasmus Student Network
   [Commissioner-Tibor-Navracsics-v2-1.jpg]

   U-Multirank gives students, parents and other interested parties a
   valuable insight into the higher education institutions of their
   choice, across a range of parameters
   ... More
   Tibor Navracsics, European Commissioner for Education, Culture, Youth
   and Sports

Tweets by @UMultirank

   [umr-facts-2019.png]
   Stay informed about U-Multirank:
   (BUTTON) register
   [Icon_oval_facebook.svg]
   [Icon_oval_insta-cam.svg]
   [Icon_oval_twitter-bird.svg]

Best University For Me

     * Choosing a university
     * Universities by subject
     * Universities by country
     * Explore all universities

University Rankings

     * Create my own ranking
     * Readymade rankings
     * Rankings by subject
     * Rankings by country

Press/Media

     * Press releases
     * Newsletters
     * U-Multirank news
     * Media center

About

     * About U-Multirank
     * Methodology
     * Contact us
     * FAQ

   [U_Multirank_claim_rgb.png]

   © U-Multirank 2019 | Legal information

   Financial Partners:
   [BertelsmannStiftung.jpg_762760536.jpg]
   [Erasmus.jpg_994053886.jpg]
   [Santnader.jpg_852593927.jpg]
     * Lead Partners:
     *
     * CHE
     *
     * CHEPS
     *
     * CWTS
     *
     * Fundacion CYD
     *
     * Associate Partners:
     *
     * CESAER
     *
     * ESN
     *
     * ESU
     *
     * Folge 3
     *
     * PUSH

   close Icon

Consent Preferences / Cookie Settings

   This page allows you to opt out of optional cookies used by the
   U-Multirank website.

   Once you have set your cookie preferences, we will follow the specific
   choices you made. Please remember that if you delete your cookies, or
   use a different browser or computer, you will need to set your cookie
   preferences again.

Required Cookies

   These cookies enable core site functionality. It is not possible to
   disable these cookies since our services do not work without them. They
   are emitted by the CMS and by the U-Multirank Data Collection-API and
   they hold information about your choices. They are used for functional
   purposes only and are not valid beyond this session.

Tracking Cookies

   [ ]

   These cookies are used to track performance and to monitor
   functionality of the website. This information helps us to optimize our
   services. Embedded partners are Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager,
   DoubleClick and HotJar.
   Cancel Save preferences
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-K6RFL9Q

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
   [U_Multirank_claim.png]
     * For Students
          + Best University for Me
          + How to Choose a University
               o What is the best university?
               o What should I study?
               o Where should I study?
               o How important is reputation?
               o Will I get a good education?
               o How do universities vary?
               o What about the student life?
               o What does it cost?
               o What will it mean for my future and career?
               o What should I think about that hasn’t crossed my mind
                 yet?
          + Universities by Subject
          + Universities by Country
          + Explore All Universities
     * Compare Universities by Name
     * University Rankings
          + Create My Own Ranking
               o Compare Universities by Subject
               o Compare Universities as a Whole
               o Compare Universities by Name
               o Compare My University
               o Compare Universities
          + Readymade Rankings
               o Research and Research Linkages Ranking
               o Economic Engagement Ranking
               o Teaching and Learning Rankings
               o International Orientation Rankings
               o Applied Knowledge Partnerships Ranking
               o Universities of Science and Technology Rankings
          + University Rankings by Subject
          + University Rankings by Country
               o University Rankings - Europe
               o University Rankings - North America
               o University Rankings - South America
               o University Rankings - Asia
               o University Rankings - Africa
               o University Rankings - Australia
          + Top Performing Universities
               o 2019
               o 2018
     * Press / Media
          + Press Releases
               o Open border universities perform better in knowledge
                 transfer, research impact and education
               o U-Multirank releases fifth annual world rankings of
                 universities
               o U-Multirank announces new governance structure
               o U-Multirank: Transparency over excellence
          + What people say about U-Multirank
          + Newsletters
          + U-Multirank News
               o Teaching & Learning in U-Multirank
               o U-Multirank provides open-access to all its data
               o New Indicator on Gender Balance
               o Measures that matter - Interdisciplinary publications
               o Students speak – Teaching and learning matters!
               o Community engagement: Can it be measured
          + U-Multirank in the Media
          + Media Center
               o Public
               o Infographics
               o Videos
               o Documents
     * Blog
     * About
          + About U-Multirank
               o The Project
               o The Consortium
               o Frequently Asked Questions
               o Legal Information
               o Data Access
          + Methodology
               o Our Approach
               o Data Sources
               o Rank Group Calculation
               o Indicators
               o Glossary
          + Contact us
               o University Registration
               o Data Request
               o Contact & Help
          + Participant Login
     * ____________________
     *

U-Multirank - Legal Information

   Information required under Section 5 of the German Telemedia Act (TMG)
   and Section 55 of the Interstate Treaty on Broadcasting (RStV):

   Centrum für Hochschulentwicklung gGmbH

   Verler Strasse 6

   D-33332 Gütersloh

   Germany

   Phone +49 (0) 5241 97 61 58

   Fax +49 (0) 5241 97 61 40

   Email:    info@umultirank.org

   VAT ID No.: DE 200127293

   Registered office Gütersloh - Amtsgericht Gütersloh (Gütersloh Local
   Court) HRB 3122

   Executive directors of CHE gGmbH:

   Dr. Jörg Dräger

   Prof. Dr. Frank Ziegele

   Responsible for the content:

   Professor Dr. Frank Ziegele

   Liability notice:

   All the information on our website has been thoroughly checked. We take
   every effort to continuously extend and update this information.
   However, no guarantee can be assumed for the completeness, correctness
   and up-to-dateness of the information given. CHE gGmbH provides this
   information without any assurance or guarantee of any kind, whether
   express or implied. CHE gGmbH excludes any liability for damages that
   occur directly or indirectly from the use of this website, as long as
   such damages are not based on intent or gross negligence on the part of
   CHE gGmbH. Our website contains links to external websites. These links
   are purely informational in nature. We have no influence on the
   development of the content of these linked websites. For this reason,
   their operators are solely responsible for the content of linked
   websites.

   Copyright:

   All content (texts, images, graphics, sound, video and animation files,
   as well as their arrangement, among other things) and works on this
   website are subject to German copyright law and other protective laws.
   This legal protection also applies with respect to databases and
   similar facilities. The content is freely usable only for the intended
   purpose of being viewed on the internet. The content of this website
   may not be copied, disseminated, modified or made accessible to third
   parties in any way beyond the limits of copyright without the written
   consent of CHE gGmbH or the relevant right holder. In addition, some
   areas of the U-Multirank website contain images that are subject to the
   copyright of third parties.

   Web tool designed by:
   Folge 3 GmbH

   U-Multirank is led by a consortium:

   CHE | CHEPS | CWTS | Fundacion CYD

   Disclaimer:

   This project has been funded with support from the Bertelsmann
   Stiftung, the European Commission’s Erasmus+ Programme and Santander
   Group. This website reflects the views only of the author, and the
   financial partners cannot be held responsible for any use which may be
   made of the information contained therein.
   Bertelsmann Stiftung
   Santander Bank Logo

   Updated: 11. January 2019

Website Privacy Statement

Introduction

   Being the operator of our online offering, CHE Gemeinnütziges Centrum
   für Hochschulentwicklung GmbH (CHE Centre for Higher Education gGmbH)
   is the data controller in charge of processing personal data of any
   users of such online offering. You can find our contact details in the
   imprint of the online offering, while the contacts for questions
   concerning processing of the personal data are named directly in this
   Privacy Statement.

   We, CHE, are strongly committed to protecting your privacy and your
   private and personal data. We collect, save, and use your personal data
   strictly in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Statement
   and the applicable data protection provisions, including without
   limitation the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and
   national data protection provisions.

   With this Privacy Statement, we wish to inform you to what extent and
   for what purpose your personal data is processed in connection with the
   use of our online offering.

Personal data

   Personal data is all information about an identified or identifiable
   individual. This includes information about your identity such as your
   name, your e-mail address, or your postal address. Any information that
   cannot be directly linked to your identity (e.g. statistical details
   such as the number of users of the online offering) is, however, not
   considered to be personal data.

   You can essentially use our online offering without disclosing your
   identity and without providing any personal data. In that case, we will
   merely collect general information about your visit to our online
   offering. However, some of the services offered require you to provide
   certain personal data. As a rule, we will process such data only for
   purposes connected with the use of this online offering, including
   without limitation for the provision of the desired information.
   Whenever personal data is collected, you are only required to provide
   the data that is absolutely essential. Also, you may be asked to
   provide additional details, which are optional information provided
   voluntarily. We let you know in each case whether the input fields are
   for mandatory or optional details. More specific details are provided
   in the relevant section of this Privacy Statement.

   There is no automated decision-making on the basis of your personal
   data in connection with the use of our online offering.

Processing personal data

   With the exception of newsletter/ press registrants, which are stored
   via Constant Contact – a US based company (see section on
   ‘Newsletter’), we store the information provided by you on protected
   dedicated servers located within the European Union. Technical and
   organisational measures are taken to protect such servers against loss,
   destruction, access, modification, or dissemination of your data by
   unauthorized persons. Access to your data will be permitted only to a
   limited number of persons in charge of the technical, commercial, or
   editorial support of the servers. Notwithstanding regular controls,
   full protection against all risks cannot be provided.

   Your personal data is transmitted over the Internet in encrypted form.
   We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption for transmission of data.

Disclosure of personal data to third parties

   We use your personal information exclusively for providing the services
   that you have requested from us. Insofar as we use external service
   providers in performing the service requested, such external service
   providers will also access the data exclusively for the purpose of
   performing the service. By taking the necessary technical and
   organisational measures we ensure compliance with privacy policies and
   we demand the same of our external partners.

   Moreover, we will not disclose the data to any third parties, including
   without limitation for advertising purposes, without your express
   consent. We will disclose your personal data only if you have given
   your consent to disclosure of the data or insofar as we are entitled or
   obligated to do so under legal provisions and/or administrative or
   judicial orders. This may include, without being limited to, giving
   information for purposes of criminal prosecution, in order to avert
   danger, or in order to enforce intellectual property rights.

Legal basis of data processing

   Insofar as we obtain your consent to processing your personal data,
   Article 6(1), (a) of the GDPR constitutes the legal basis for such data
   processing.

   Insofar as we process your personal data because processing is
   necessary for the performance of a contract or is necessary under a
   quasi-contractual relationship with you, the lawfulness of data
   processing is based on Article 6(1), (b) of the GDPR.

   Insofar as we process your personal data because processing is
   necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, the lawfulness of
   data processing is based on Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.

   Furthermore, Article 6(1), (f) of the GDPR may constitute the legal
   basis for data processing, if processing of your personal data is
   necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by CHE
   or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your
   interests or your fundamental rights and freedoms which require
   protection of personal data.

   Throughout this Privacy Statement, we always point to the legal basis
   underlying our processing of your personal data.

Deletion of data and duration of storage

   We invariably delete or block any personal data provided by you as soon
   as the purpose of storage of such data ceases to apply. However, we may
   continue to store your personal data beyond that, if such storage is
   governed by legal provisions to which we are subject, including without
   limitation the legal obligation to retain business records and
   documentation. In such a case, we will delete or block the personal
   data after the prescribed period of time has expired.

Use of our online offering

Use of cookies

   Like many other websites, our online offering uses cookies. Cookies are
   small text files that are stored on your computer and store certain
   settings and data of your web browser for the exchange with our online
   offering. As a rule, a cookie contains the name of the domain from
   which the cookie file has been sent as well as information about the
   age of the cookie and an alphanumeric identifier.

   Cookies enable us recognise your computer and make any default settings
   immediately available. Cookies help us to improve our online offering
   and to provide you with an even better service customised to meet your
   particular requirements. This also constitutes a legitimate interest in
   the processing of the data in accordance with Article 6(1), (f) of the
   GDPR.

   The cookies we use are so-called session cookies that are automatically
   deleted after the end of the browser session. In individual cases, we
   may use cookies with a longer storage time so that your default
   settings and preferences may be considered when you visit our online
   offering the next time.

   Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. However, you
   can disable the storage of cookies or set up your web browser to inform
   you when you receive a cookie. It is also possible to manually delete
   stored cookies in the browser settings. Please note that your use of
   our online offering may be limited or restricted if you refuse to save
   cookies or delete necessary cookies.

Analysis cookies

   We use Google Analytics for statistical evaluation purposes. Google
   Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600
   Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94034, USA (“Google”). Google
   Analytics uses cookies, or text files, that are stored on your computer
   and enable an analysis of your usage of our website. The information
   generated by the cookies on your usage of our website is generally
   transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if
   IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address is
   truncated by Google within the EU member states and in other EEA member
   states. The full IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the
   USA and truncated there only in exceptional cases. Google has been
   commissioned by the owner of this website to use this information for
   analyzing your use of the website for the purpose of compiling reports
   on website activity and providing other services to the website owner
   related to website and Internet usage. The IP address transmitted from
   your browser via Google Analytics is not merged or mingled with other
   data by Google. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your
   computer by making a setting in your browser; however, you may not be
   able to use all the features on our website after doing this. You also
   have the option of preventing the information generated by the cookie
   in reference to your use of our website (including your IP address) and
   transmitted to Google from being collected and processed by Google by
   downloading and installing this browser add-on:
   http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

   For more information please visit:
   https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en and
   http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html (General
   information on Google Analytics und data privacy and protection). We
   would like to advise you that this website uses Google Analytics with
   the “anonymizeIp();” extension, which means that IP addresses are only
   used in a truncated form (the last octet is deleted) in order to
   prevent any direct link being established to any individual.

   We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to
   optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service
   that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much
   time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what
   users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and
   maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other
   technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices
   (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in
   anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device
   identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only),
   preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this
   information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will
   ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it
   with further data on an individual user. For further details, please
   see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.

   You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of
   data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies
   on other websites by following this opt-out link

   We believe that, thanks to the safeguards employed by us to protect the
   data transmitted to us (anonymization and opt-out option), the data
   processing activities engaged in by us to optimize our online offering
   may be view as a legitimate interest in data processing pursuant to
   Art. 6 (1), (f) GDPR

Registration

   You can register for the use of our online offering. To register, you
   have to provide the data requested during registration, such as your
   name, address and e-mail address. In addition, we record the date and
   time of registration. During the registration process, we ask for your
   consent to using your data. That gives you the advantage of not having
   to enter this data every time you wish to use our online service.

   If you give your consent, processing of data provided for registration
   purposes is based on Article 6(1), (a) of the GDPR. If you register
   with us for the purposes of performance or initiation of a contract,
   the legal basis for processing of the data is additionally constituted
   by Article 6(1), (b) of the GDPR.

   Upon registration, an account is created for you. The data in the
   account is stored as long as there is an active contact. If there has
   been no activity for a period of three years, the status of the contact
   is set to Inactive. You can at any time demand deletion of your
   account.

   Handling of the personal data for the surveys

   The implementation of U-Multirank requires the collection of certain
   personal data. These data serve to organize the rankings and conduct
   surveys. On the other hand, certain personal data are needed for
   analyses within the ranking. The following table provides an overview
   of which groups of persons we collect data from, which personal data
   are processed, for what purpose this data is collected, how long this
   data is stored and who transmits the data to U-Multirank.
   Table 1: Origin of the data

   The personal data of a person are stored by U-Multirank during the
   entire publication period of data of the ranking, in the collection of
   which the respective person was involved. Likewise, the name lists
   required for the publication analysis are archived for the entire
   publication period. For all personal data mentioned above, they will be
   deleted in all databases and storage media of U-Multirank at the
   specified times listed above.

   All personal data mentioned are used exclusively for U-Multirank
   purposes. In the publicly accessible versions of the ranking (Online)
   no personal data are published. In addition, all data for U-Multirank
   are evaluated and presented in such a way that they are not personally
   identifiable. For example, no results on research indicators (such as
   research grants, publications, or doctoral degrees) are reported if
   there are fewer than three professors in the department, and thus
   conclusions on the research performance of individuals are possible.

   U-Multirank operates as a consortium, comprised of various
   organisations, groups and institutions working together. Personal data
   will not be passed on to third parties, outside of the consortium. For
   a list of consortium members, please refer to our
   website: www.umultirank.org. All employees who have access to the
   personal data in the context of U-Multirank are obliged to observe the
   legal provisions on data protection. In this context, the transfer of
   address data to third parties is strictly prohibited and still applies
   even if the employees are no longer working on U-Multirank.

   Surveys (for university staff)

   The data collection of U-Multirank is based on four questionnaires: the
   pre-survey, the institutional survey, the subject survey and the
   student survey. Participation in the pre-, as well as the
   institutional-survey are required for participating universities, while
   the subject-based surveys and student questionnaire are voluntary. In
   these surveys, U-Multirank asks for the personal data of a university
   staff member, to serve as the university’s contact person for
   U-Multirank. Also interested parties, that have sent a data request to
   U-Multirank, will be asked for personal data. To be specific, the
   following data are collected:
     * Last name
     * First name
     * Gender
     * Name of institution/University
     * Faculty
     * Position/function
     * Country
     * Email address

   These data will be used for the communication regarding the data
   collection, verification and publication process. None of the published
   U-Multirank data will be associable with these private data. The data
   listed above will be kept in our database for 50 months.

   Surveys (for students)

   U-Multirank does not collect personal data from students, unless
   explicitly and independently provided for the purposes of staying
   informed on U-Multirank results, developments and/or news.

   The invitations to the student survey are sent out by the participating
   universities. For this purpose, U-Multirank provides the contact person
   for the student survey (see above) with all the necessary documents
   (sample invitation letters, password lists). Participation in the
   student survey is anonymous. The password for access to the online
   survey is randomly assigned by the universities and does not allow
   U-Multirank to draw any conclusions about the participant. In addition,
   no personal data is recorded in the student questionnaire. The raw data
   of the student survey will not be passed on to the universities. Thus,
   the participating university cannot relate the data to its students
   (for example, no results on the indicators of the student survey will
   be shown if less than 15 students submitted their questionnaire).

   For all data collected by U-Multirank surveys, the legal basis for
   keeping your data details follows from your consent pursuant to
   Art. 6(1), (a) GDPR and also from Art. 6(1), (f) of the GDPR because
   your personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate
   scientific interests pursued by U-Multirank.

Communication with us

   There are various ways of contacting us, including but not limited to
   the contact form on our website. In addition, we will be happy to
   inform you regularly by e-mailing you our newsletters which deal with
   various topics.

Contact form

   If you wish to use the contact form of our online offering, we will
   collect the personal data that you provide in the contact form,
   including but not limited to your name and e-mail address. In addition,
   we record the date and time of your enquiry. We process any data
   transmitted through the contact form exclusively for the purpose of
   answering your enquiry or reacting to your concern.

   It is up to you to decide what information you provide in the contact
   form. In accordance with Article 6(1), (a) of the GDPR, your consent
   constitutes the legal basis for processing your data.

   After the matter has been dealt with, the data is stored for some time
   in case you have any further questions. Without prejudice to the
   relevant legal retention periods, you may request deletion of the data
   at any time, otherwise the data will be deleted once the matter has
   been conclusively dealt with.

Newsletter

   If you subscribe to our newsletter, via Constant Contact, we will use
   your e-mail address for information purposes of CHE until you
   unsubscribe from the newsletter. Constant Contact is a US-based global
   mail service provider, whose current privacy programme has been
   certified to the obligations and standards of the EU-US and Swiss-US
   Privacy Shields, which means they lawfully transfer and protect the
   personal data of EU/EEA residents to the U.S. pursuant to the rules of
   the Federal Trade Commission and the EU. In particular, how
   U-Multirank’s content and contacts are handled, as well as how they
   collect data from the U-Multirank site are outlined in section 7,
   sub-sections (b) and (d) respectively. These sections are outlined and
   provided in full under Constant Contact‘s legal terms:
   https://www.constantcontact.com/legal/terms.

   You will be regularly updated by e-mail on current topics related to
   our projects and receive e-mails informing you of special occasions
   such as new studies and events. Such e-mails may be personalised and
   individualised on the basis of information we have about you.

   Unless you have given us your consent in writing, we use the so-called
   double opt-in procedure for subscription to our newsletter, i.e. we
   will send you our newsletter by e-mail only once you have expressly
   confirmed that you want us to activate transmission of the newsletter.
   We will then send you a notification e-mail and ask you to confirm, by
   clicking on one of the links contained in that e-mail, that you wish to
   receive our newsletter.

   If you have explicitly subscribed to our newsletter, your consent
   constitutes the legal basis for processing of your data in accordance
   with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. Under the applicable legal
   provisions, we may send you our newsletter without having obtained your
   express consent based on the fact that you have ordered certain
   publications from us and we have therefore received your e-mail address
   and you have not objected to receiving information from us by e-mail.
   In this case, our legitimate interest in direct mailing constitutes the
   legal basis in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.

   If you do no longer wish to receive our newsletters, you can revoke
   your consent at any time with effect for the future and/or object to
   receiving the newsletter without incurring any costs other than the
   transmission costs in accordance with the basic tariffs.

Social Media

   Our online offering contains links or plugins to the social networks
   Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, Google+ and Instagram. The links
   are identified by the logo of their relevant providers.

   Clicking on a link opens the relevant social media web pages; this
   Privacy Statement does not apply to such web pages. For further details
   on the provisions applicable on such web pages please refer to the
   relevant privacy statements of each of the providers; you can find them
   at:

   Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php

   LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy

   Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=de

   Youtube und google+: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/?hl=de

   Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875

   No personal information is forwarded to the relevant providers before
   clicking on the links or calling up a plugin. Calling up the linked
   website also constitutes the basis for data processing by the relevant
   website provider.

Use of YouTube

   Our online offering contains videos for which we use plugins from the
   Google-run site YouTube (“YouTube”). The operator of the service is
   YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you call up
   an internet page of our online offering which contains a video, a
   connection with the

   YouTube servers is created. On that occasion, the YouTube server is
   told which internet pages of our online offering you have visited.

   If you are logged in to your YouTube account at that time, you allow
   YouTube to directly associate your browsing behaviour with your
   personal profile. You can prevent that by logging out of your YouTube
   account first. For further information on the handling of user data
   please refer to the Google privacy statement at
   https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ which also applies to
   YouTube.

   Using YouTube enables us to show you videos and give you more
   information on ourselves and our projects; this at the same time
   constitutes our legitimate interest within the meaning of Article 6(1),
   (f) of the GDPR.

Your rights; contact

   We, CHE, are committed to explaining how we process personal data and
   to inform you about your rights as transparently as possible. If you
   want more detailed information or wish to exercise your rights, you can
   contact us at any time so that we can take care of your concerns.

Rights of persons concerned

   You have extensive rights with respect to the processing of your
   personal data. First of all, you have an extensive right to information
   and under certain circumstances may demand correction and/or deletion
   or blocking of your personal data. You can also demand restriction of
   processing and you have a right of objection. You also have a right to
   data portability with a view to personal data that you have transmitted
   to us.

   If you wish to assert any of your rights and/or want more detailed
   information concerning your rights, please use the contact form to get
   in touch with our staff. Alternatively, you may contact our data
   protection officer.

Revocation of consent and objection

   You may at any time revoke your consent with future effect. Revocation
   of the consent does not affect the legality of any processing performed
   on the basis of such consent given up until the revocation thereof. In
   such cases, too, please use our contact form to get in touch with our
   staff and/or our data protection officer.

   Insofar as the processing of your personal data is not based on consent
   given by you but on another legal basis, you can object to the data
   processing. Your objection will lead to a review and, if necessary, to
   termination of the data processing. You will be informed of the outcome
   of the review and – if the data processing is to be continued after all
   – you will receive further information from us on why the data
   processing is admissible.

Data protection officer; contact

   We have appointed an external data protection officer who supports us
   in data protection issues and who you can contact directly. If you have
   questions regarding our handling of personal data or if you require
   other information on data protection issues, please do not hesitate to
   contact our Data Protection Officer and his team:

   RA Dr. Sebastian Meyer, LL.M.
   c/o BRANDI Rechtsanwälte
   Adenauerplatz 1, 33602 Bielefeld
   Phone: 052196535-812
   E-mail: datenschutz@che.de

   If you wish to contact our data protection officer personally by
   e-mail, you may send an e-mail to sebastian.meyer@brandi.net.

Complaints

   If you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal data
   does not comply with this Privacy Statement or the applicable data
   protection provisions, you can file a complaint with our data
   protection officer. Our data protection officer will review the matter
   and inform you of the outcome of the review. In addition, you are
   entitled to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.

Further information; amendments

Links to other websites

   Our online service may contain links to other websites. Generally,
   these links are identified as such. We cannot control to what extent
   linked websites comply with the applicable data protection provisions.
   We therefore recommend that for other providers’ data protection
   statements, you refer to the information given on their respective
   websites.

Amendments of this Privacy Statement

   Any revision of this Privacy Statement is identified by the date
   specified (see below). We reserve the right to amend this Privacy
   Statement at any time with effect for the future. Amendments will be
   made, among other things, in case of technical adjustments of the
   online offering or changes of the data protection laws. The Privacy
   Statement as amended from time to time is always made available
   directly through our online offering. We recommend obtaining
   information on any changes of this Privacy Statement on a regular
   basis.

   This Privacy Statement was last revised in January 2019
     * About U-Multirank
          + The Project
          + The Consortium
          + Frequently Asked Questions
          + Legal Information
          + Data Access
     * Methodology
          + Our Approach
          + Data Sources
          + Rank Group Calculation
          + Indicators
          + Glossary
     * Contact us
          + University Registration
          + Data Request
          + Contact & Help
     * Participant Login

   Stay informed about U-Multirank:
   (BUTTON) register
   [Icon_oval_facebook.svg]
   [Icon_oval_insta-cam.svg]
   [Icon_oval_twitter-bird.svg]

Best University For Me

     * Choosing a university
     * Universities by subject
     * Universities by country
     * Explore all universities

University Rankings

     * Create my own ranking
     * Readymade rankings
     * Rankings by subject
     * Rankings by country

Press/Media

     * Press releases
     * Newsletters
     * U-Multirank news
     * Media center

About

     * About U-Multirank
     * Methodology
     * Contact us
     * FAQ

   [U_Multirank_claim_rgb.png]

   © U-Multirank 2019 | Legal information

   Financial Partners:
   [BertelsmannStiftung.jpg_762760536.jpg]
   [Erasmus.jpg_994053886.jpg]
   [Santnader.jpg_852593927.jpg]
     * Lead Partners:
     *
     * CHE
     *
     * CHEPS
     *
     * CWTS
     *
     * Fundacion CYD
     *
     * Associate Partners:
     *
     * CESAER
     *
     * ESN
     *
     * ESU
     *
     * Folge 3
     *
     * PUSH

   close Icon

Consent Preferences / Cookie Settings

   This page allows you to opt out of optional cookies used by the
   U-Multirank website.

   Once you have set your cookie preferences, we will follow the specific
   choices you made. Please remember that if you delete your cookies, or
   use a different browser or computer, you will need to set your cookie
   preferences again.

Required Cookies

   These cookies enable core site functionality. It is not possible to
   disable these cookies since our services do not work without them. They
   are emitted by the CMS and by the U-Multirank Data Collection-API and
   they hold information about your choices. They are used for functional
   purposes only and are not valid beyond this session.

Tracking Cookies

   [ ]

   These cookies are used to track performance and to monitor
   functionality of the website. This information helps us to optimize our
   services. Embedded partners are Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager,
   DoubleClick and HotJar.
   Cancel Save preferences
